What would Madara do?

Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/29785770.

Rating: Explicit
Archive Warning: Graphic Depictions Of Violence
Category: F/M
Fandom: Naruto
Relationships: Hatake Kakashi/Original Female Character(s), Hatake Kakashi/Uchiha

Ryoko
Characters: Original Uchiha Character(s), Original Female Character(s), Uchiha

Fugaku, Uchiha Mikoto, Uchiha Itachi, Uzumaki Kushina, Uchiha
Shisui, Uchiha Obito, Orochimaru (Naruto), Sarutobi Hiruzen, Namikaze
Minato, Team Minato (Naruto) - Character, Hatake Kakashi, Nohara Rin,
Nara Shikaku, Shiranui Genma, Yakushi Kabuto, Uchiha Sasuke,
Shimura Danzou, Anbu Commander (Naruto), ANBU (Naruto) -
Character, Maito Gai | Might Guy, Mitarashi Anko, Cherry, Hyuuga
Hiashi, Uchiha Ryoko

Additional Tags: Rebirth, Self-Indulgent, Self-Insert, ? - Freeform, Psychopath, Serial
Killers, No Zetsu, No Kaguya, Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence,
bakashi, Sensei Orochimaru (Naruto), BAMF Orochimaru (Naruto),
Parental Orochimaru (Naruto), Protective Orochimaru (Naruto), Uchiha
Itachi Being a Good Brother, Big Brother Uchiha Itachi, Child Soldiers,
BAMF oc, Smut, Good Uchiha Obito, Protective Uchiha Obito, Gore,
Blood, ANBU - Freeform, Frenemies, Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-
con, Kidnapping, Slow Burn, Slow Build, Slow Romance, Life is hard
for an Uchiha, Fugaku loves his children, Namikaze Minato Lives,
Enemies to Rivals to Friends to Enemies to Lovers, Hyuuga Hizashi
Lives, Cat Summons, Itachi is a ruthless medic, Anbu Hatake Kakashi,
ANBU OC, Uchiha Sasuke has no issues, Uchiha Sasuke is happy,
Kakashi fucked up, blowjob, Sharing A Tent, Itachi clan head,
Accidental Cuddling

Language: English
Series: Part 1 of Life of a Serial Killer
Collections: oc self insertSI, A Collection of Beloved Inserts, Amazing OFC

fanfiction, Rhyne's Chakra Coils, Fics That Restore My Will to Live,
Fanfics To Read Over and Over, Into another world, To_read_main_rom,
Reincarnated as a original character, Anime Fics I Can't Forget, Stories
That Are Cool, I Read This Instead of Sleeping, Magnolia's Favourite
Fics, My favorite SIOC, Kakashi & OFC, best fanfics: naruto edition,
Unfinished_best_naruto, Best of OC/Isekai/Self-Insert Fanfiction, fics to
sink your teeth into, Luna Cielo's Collection, Tempus et Spatium (Time
and Space), my heart is here, Prapika's absolute favorites, ♡ OC's for the
Soul ♡, SoCo's Collection of Favorite Fics, Reincarnation and
Transmigration, Gammily’s Bookshelf, cauldronrings favs ( •̀  ω •́ )✧,



The Tales of a Shinobi, Constellations of Our Own, A collection of
works with quality 😌💅✨, absolutely worth it, Chou_0’s hoard for
sleepless nights 🌸, Apollimia's Favorite Naruto Fics Of All Time,
Marigolds Discord Recs, The Overly Toasted Bagel Collection, Wicked
Wonderfull Works, SakurAlpha's Fic Rec of Pure how did you create this
you amazing bean, Read & Loved Naruto Fics, ‼️Fics I’d gladly lose my
memory for so I could read them for the first time again, Finished
favourites, Top Shelf Fic, TBR, Lady's collection of PERFECT fics.,
reread worthy 🥺❤️, fantastic_fics, Vallawares, To read soon, OC in the
Multiverse, Guide to living your second life, ✨ my ninja way ✨,
Why...(°ロ°) ! (pages and pages of google docs links)░(°◡°)░,
Blue_Axolote's Favorite Collection, ✨ the treasure trove of jeuel ✨,
Fics that made my day, Comfort Bangerz ♡, Naruto Favs!, 🌑 𝑫𝒂𝒓𝒌
𝑴𝒂𝒕𝒕𝒆𝒓 🌑, Salmonight's OC/SI Protagonists, JustFabulous' Favorites,
besties, finished and really good, Naruto fics (І can read them all day)💘,
💖ONLY THE BEST💖, Naruto Wonderland, Let’s Read a Self Insert,
The Best Naruto World Can Give, Naruto, Subscriptions:Tracking,
HP_Naruto_asoiaf_jjk_pjc_kny_mcu_avatar_mtz_and_etc,
Narutohistorys, NarutoocC

Stats: Published: 2021-03-01
Completed: 2022-09-11
Words: 288,820
Chapters: 80/80



What would Madara do?
by First_Peach

Summary

“Honey, maybe we shouldn’t?” Fugaku rasped between the kisses. “Well… it hasn’t
been that long since Itachi… are you sure it’s okay?”

“Oh please, Fugaku, my love, it’s fiiiiine. What’s the worst that could happen?”

The famous last words.

In this story, our OC is brought from the modern world into the world of shinobi as a
daughter to Fugaku and Mikoto Uchiha. Some will say she is an angel, but the clan quickly
learned, that she was more like a spawn of Madara Uchiha himself.

Meanwhile, our dear OC, faced with the life of a shinobi, would ask only one question: What
would Madara do?

This fic has a discord! ^^

Notes

It is year 55. Itachi was born a year before (same time as Shisui). Besides this, I will try to
keep it more or less on par with canon events & timeline.



Chapter 1: Birth
Chapter Notes

"WwMd? - Omakes" Chapter 1 is a prequel to this chapter. Link

Mikoto used all her shinobi stealth as she exited her son’s room. Without making a sound, she
closed the door, and only then did she let out a careful sigh. At last, her dear firstborn Itachi
was asleep.

It has been a long six months since the boy saw the light of day. He grew not by the day but
by the hour. Already he started babbling sounds and actually sounded like he was making
sense. She was a proud mother.

A proud mother that now scrubbed the dishes, wondering how did it come to this. She, a
high-ranking shinobi, stuck at home while her comrades fought a war.

Clan obligations and duty, that’s how. She was not a regular shinobi anymore. No, she was a
matriarch to one of the most powerful clans in the land. Uchiha. And she said the name
proudly. Yet she sighed now, wishing to stand in battle again.

“Darling,” a whisper in the night ghosted over her shoulder. She smiled, feeling her cheeks
color.

“Fugaku,” the woman whispered, turning around from the sink to look at her beloved
husband. There was still some blood on the man’s cheek, sweat, and dirt on his armor. Ah, he
looked extremely attractive. Or maybe it was the weeks of staying apart speaking.

He leaned to kiss her gently. Mikoto responded by weaving her still wet hands around his
neck, not at all disturbed by the blood and whatnot. Quickly the flames between the two
ignited as if they were never apart.

Stumbling yet making no sound whatsoever, the pair found their way to the kitchen table.
They couldn’t make it to the bedroom.

“Honey, maybe we shouldn’t?” Fugaku rasped between the kisses.

“Hmm?” what in the world was he talking about. Her forehead scrunched.

“Well… it hasn’t been that long since Itachi… are you sure it’s okay?”

The stupid man worried about her! And that is why she loved him till the last drop of the
ocean. The woman chuckled.



“Oh please, Fugaku, my love, it’s fiiiiine. What’s the worst that could happen?”

He smirked in response. Indeed, it has been way too long since their last union. Pregnancy
did things to the body, no woman enjoyed. But their passion was too strong. Plus, the healers
in Konoha cleared Mikoto a week ago. So decisively, she tugged on his pants.

“Wicked Eye Fugaku, if you do not take me now, I swear to Madara, I will burn the village
down!” she didn’t have to ask twice. Soon enough her legs were parted and she felt him right
where he belonged. Inside of her.

When people look at Uchiha, they think of words such as ‘proud’, ‘stoic’, ‘rule abiding’. No
one would think of them as people who could so casually fuck on their own kitchen table.
Those people were idiots.

Uchiha clan head could, would, and did just that. Their passion shined brighter than the will
of fire.

“We won the war,” the man grunted victorious as he took his wife.

“Ohhh Fugaku!” she gasped feeling the ferocity behind his thrusts. This was a blessed day.
Not only did Konoha prevail, but Mikoto finally got laid again.

━━━━━━━━━━

It was five weeks later when Fugaku and Mikoto suddenly awoke in full alert. There was
something wrong. Both of them sensed a presence. A beating heart that just suddenly
disturbed the night.

Fugaku stood with a kunai and his sharingan blazing as he looked around the darkness of
their bedroom. Mikoto was on her feet as well… with a battle axe…

They looked at each other both confused as they could not spot the intruder. Mikoto being the
better sensor of the two carefully extended her chakra.

“Oh…” she gasped as the axe fell down from her hands. The woman’s eyes were wide as she
took in the sensation.

“Mikoto! What’s the matter??!” in a blink he was by his wife’s side.

“Fugaku.. I..”

“What is it??” he demanded.

“I.. am pregnant…” her hand instinctively hovered over her flat belly. There she felt the
faintest of hearts beating. This is what awoke them in the night. A new life that blossomed
within her.

Fugaku dropped to his knees and hugged her with an ear placed on her belly. He could feel it
now too. Strong heart. Strong chakra. His child.



━━━━━━━━━━

As much as Fugaku and Mikoto wanted to wait before announcing the good news to the clan,
shinobi among their peers already sensed it. You really couldn’t hide anything from shinobi.
There were fond smiles directed at the two as they walked around.

Some complimented the clan head with clear admiration and pride of their leaders…
capabilities. Producing an heir was the utmost important task for the Clan Head of the
Uchiha. And Fugaku was delivering.

The man hid the blush well, behind his stone face. Yet his heart boomed with pride and ego.
Yes, he was ‘da man’. Mikoto blushed for the both of them.

“Maaaan, Mikoto-chan, you’re soooooo lucky!!!” Kushina boomed as the two met in the
marketplace two months in her pregnancy.

“Kushina! Please! I wanted to tell you myself!” Uchiha pouted as her hands rested on the
small bump on her belly. Kushina, all of 15 years of age, the spicy redhead was already her
close friend.

“Please yourself! I’m a sensor, ya know! And that chakra inside you is fierce!” Uzumaki
announced leaning in as if she could look right through the flesh. Mikoto herself was over 18
years old, but she has seen war enough to make her mentally older.

“Aww, thanks?” the woman blushed harder as if to match Kushina’s hair.

“Soooo? Do you know who it is yet?”

“Not yet.”

“Ah, I bet it is a girl! Fierce like a dragon!” as to further her point, the young Uzumaki let out
a rawr that yes, could very well be a sound that a dragon made.

“Shhh! People are looking, Kushina-chan!” Mikoto tried to calm her friend with no luck.

━━━━━━━━━━

Itachi was now one year old and a few months, when Mikoto was rushed to the hospital. Her
husband paced relentlessly in the hallway cradling his son.

It was too quiet. He recalled how the first time he heard his son’s cry over the walls and
rooms. The shinobi paranoia in him was simmering. Fugaku wanted to be there, but medics
refused. After long years of practice, they all have learned that it is best to have as few people
as possible when a shinobi is giving birth.

With all the chakra and lack of control breaking of walls and jutsu crashing on people was a
common occurrence. And on top of that, they were Uchiha. Meaning that sharingan could
very well go untamed if the mother is provoked.

So he waited until a doctor finally emerged.



“Congratulations, Uchiha-sama!” he said with a smile. Instantly, the man felt relief flood over
him all while Itachi curiously watched the exchange between the adults. “You can now come
in.”

Not waiting for a second longer, the clan head entered the room with his wife and child. His
sharingan was already activated, just like Mikoto’s. He stopped by her bed and looked over
the little bundle in her lap.

“It’s a girl, dear,” Mikoto smiled at him. Both of their eyes drank the sight of their little angel.
And the baby looked right at them. Piercing dark eyes were open and as if studying the two.
The girl wasn’t crying. She was incredibly calm.

“Is she… frowning?” Fugaku mused. Itachi in his hold was getting restless.

“I think so,” Mikoto chuckled with admiration. “The doctor said that he has never seen such a
calm newborn before.”

“She’s a true Uchiha,” Fugaku nodded and now leaned closer so that little Itachi could take a
better look at his new sister.

“Itachi, baby, this is your new sister. You’re a big brother now,” Mikoto cooed.

Itachi reached with his chubby hand and… oh... The little girl reached back at him. Their tiny
hands touched. Fugaku knew then, that his children would always protect each other. The
Uchiha bond was as strong as ever. He felt blessed.

“How do we call her?” the man asked.

“Ryoko?”

“Ryoko?... Like a dragon woman?” he mused.

“Mmm, her chakra feels strong and fierce. She needs a fierce name to go with it,” Mikoto
smiled remembering what Kushina had said to her.

“Ryoko Uchiha it is,” he gave a nod of approval.

━━━━━━━━━━

Over her short life, she felt lots of a different kind of pain. Stabbing. Being shot at. Hell, she
was even choked that one time. Yet nothing could compare to that first inhale of air.

She wanted to be back in that warm bubble of water again, but her time was up. Muscles all
around her spasmed and pushed her towards the light. This is it, she thought, finally she will
be dead.

As it turns out, it was far from death. Her eyes opened to the brilliant white of the room she
was in. She wanted to say ‘what the fuck’ but the only thing that came out of her mouth was
a gargle of incoherent sounds.



“It’s a girl!” she heard a masculine voice announce.

You bet your ass I am! she puffed out her cheeks earning some awws and ohhs from nurses
around her. But the worst part was being passed around like a sack of potatoes.

She wanted to walk. To run. To get away from wherever the hell she ended up. But as it
turned out - she was now a very small and fragile little being.

A permanent frown settled on her face. She was not pleased. The logic in her brain could not
explain how one minute, she was laughing, taunting her prey, then got shot, and then
appeared in some woman's belly.

It was all the fault of that detective… he found her out… elbow deep in some man's guts.
And he didn’t believe her when she claimed that it was art.

Fine. Yes, she may or may not have been a psychopath serial killer, but hey, everyone has
their own hobbies? Hers is just more bloody than most…

“Is she… frowning?” some man spoke above her. She didn’t particularly dislike his tone, but
she kept her suspicions about his intentions. It probably would not go well for her if she
admitted being far older than a baby they assumed her to be.

The woman holding her smelled nice. In a way, she was thankful to her, for giving her life.
Again. I guess, that’s my mother now? she thought staring up at bright red eyes. The woman
was pretty and her gaze was hypnotic. She definitely has not seen those kinds of eyes ever
before.

“Itachi, baby, this is your new sister. You’re a big brother now,” the woman chirped.

She, being a newborn, could not really turn or lift her head much, but the adults still
presented her to this Itachi person. Ah, it was a child. Dark eyes just like the man’s who was
holding him. Dark hair just like the woman’s… her mother… his mother?

I… have a brother?... the woman in the baby's body mused trying her best to reach for the
little boy. She wanted to check if he was real. Their tiny hands touched. Shit. He was real. So
everything around them was also real.

Before all this, she was a single child. With a single parent. A very damaged and hurt man.
He taught her everything she knew. From Chopin to the best way of snapping one’s neck.
From Italian cuisine to the best way of dismembering a body. He was an artist and she
wanted to make him proud with the art of her own.

She couldn’t stop thinking, what was this new family of hers like? They looked happy.
Normal. Except for the weird eyes that somehow turned to black. Will they ask her to kill
people too? She could do that… she was good at that…

“Ryoko Uchiha it is.”

Ryoko cocked her head to the side evaluating the new name. It was acceptable. Actually, she
couldn’t really remember the name she had before. Maybe because the last bullet splattered



her brains out on the wall…

Either way, this was her life now. This was her mother, her father, and her brother. Ryoko was
determined to make them proud by any means necessary. Her eyes fluttered close as she felt
tiredness wash over her body. It was time to rest.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 2: From 0 to 1

Mikoto was only slightly concerned. She felt completely fine after the birth itself. Recovery
for the second time went smoothly, while her baby looked healthy. Her husband worked hard,
of course, but he always made time for his family. Even Itachi, as if fully understanding the
meaning of the new addition to the family, stopped causing so much noise. He was a true
angel.

What did concern her was Ryoko’s behavior. The girl slept an abnormal amount of time. She
didn’t cry. Just slept. Fugaku joked, that maybe Mikoto got too friendly with Nara while he
was away. Naturally, he slept on the sofa for the next few days.

But the issue remained. It sure did not look normal.

“Fugaku, maybe… something is wrong with her?”

“What do you mean, Miko?” the man raised his eyes from a pile of papers he was working
on. Clan business was never-ending.

“Ryoko. She just… sleeps so much. I am worried,” maybe she couldn’t explain it well, but
her motherly intuition was ringing bells. It was not normal for kids to be so… so… lethargic.

“Listen, I am sure that everything is completely fine with her. Ryoko is our daughter and
Uchiha. She is perfect, trust me. But, we can go to the doctor together and check to be safe,”
he suggested skillfully like a politician avoiding any confrontation and calming his wife.

“Alright,” she sighed in surrender.

The next day they did as planned. Itachi was left back at home with a nanny, while Fugaku
and Mikoto entered the hospital with a sleeping Ryoko in their arms.

“Please take a seat, Uchiha-sama,” the doctor motioned to two chairs in front of his desk.
“What seems to be the problem?” he asked respectfully, but still with a medics demanding
tone.

“Ryoko. She just sleeps too much,” Mikoto said brushing the tiny strand of hair that was
crowning her baby's head by now. It has been around six months now.

“How much is ‘too much’?”

“Well, sometimes she can sleep all day if I don’t wake her for food. Sometimes she sleeps a
minimum of twelve hours. I just… Itachi wasn’t like this,” Mikoto shared her thoughts in
hopes that maybe it was just her imagination…

“Hm, that is unusual,” the doctor hummed, not at all easing the worry for the concerned
parents.



“Are you saying there is something wrong with her?” Fugaku snapped.

“Eeemmm, let me just take a look,” the doctor ignored the question as he stepped closer to
the mother with her baby. His hands glowed green as he did the usual diagnostics. At some
point, Ryoko opened her eyes and now watched with great interest the doctor in front of her.

“Huh,” the medic mused, finally pulling away.

“Well?” Fugaku was losing his patience.

“Uchiha-sama, there is nothing specifically wrong with little Ryoko…”

“But?”

“But, well, her brain activity… It is just extraordinary! Her development is crazily advanced
for her age. And that is the cause for her tiredness - her body is trying to compensate for the
increased brain activity.”

“What does that mean?” Mikoto asked as she pressed Ryoko closer to her chest.

“Please, don’t be concerned, Lady Uchiha. This is a good sign. Let her sleep and watch her
development. I would advise encouraging it too. Maybe read some books to her? That is what
we often suggest to Nara kids. They sometimes show a similar spur of brain development.”

“So, she is growing up faster?” Fugaku asked, trying to piece this new information together.

“No, not really. It is just that her brain is working… better, faster than most. It is clear that
she is alert and can comprehend her surroundings. She will be one clever girl, I can tell you
that,” the doctor smiled as he leaned in closer to the frowning Ryoko. “Hm, could you come
back in a month? I would like to do an IQ test to check on her development.”

“Hn,” Fugaku gave a curt nod before leaving. He felt a bitter-sweet taste from this news. On
one hand, he was delighted to have a confirmation about what he already knew - their
daughter was special in the best possible ways. On the other hand, it was getting dangerously
close to the despised term - prodigy. He did not wish the life of a prodigy on his daughter.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko was learning a lot about her new home. The house and food they ate looked a lot like a
traditional Japanese kind. For once, she thanked her former father for introducing the culture
to her. Vaguely she recalled that her father's uncle's wife was Japanese. From her he learned
the language and how to wield a katana. The knowledge then was passed down to her.

Unfortunately, as far as the language went, Ryoko could only read and understand some of it.
She never bothered to learn how to write foreign symbols. But it was a start. This allowed her
to listen in on her new parent's conversations.

There were many unfamiliar words they used. Like ‘chakra’ or ‘sannin’. But she understood
the general idea of the time she ended up in - there was a war going on and her parents were
shinobi. Warriors. Looks like history liked to repeat itself…



“Honey, do you want me to read you a book?” Mikoto, her mother figure, picked the tiny
baby up from the crib. Ryoko swore, that she will never allow anyone to handle her like this
again. Like some useless sack of flour.

For now, she had to act the part and gave a nod with a blank face. As blank as a toddler could
be at this point. Mikoto was not even shocked anymore, that Ryoko understood her question.
After that visit to the doctor, her parents started to regard her more like an actual person and
not just a stupid baby.

“Ryoko, honey, you have to always remember where you come from. You are an Uchiha.
Today I will read you a book about one of our greatest leaders. Lord Madara Uchiha,”
Mikoto spoke as the two settled on the sofa. Ryoko was held carefully in her arms, while
Itachi, the already walking bastard, got to his mother's side by himself.

The kids, even being as small as they were, were completely consumed by the story of a
powerful man, by some called as the savior of this world.

“He was the eldest brother, just like you, Itachi,” Mikoto smiled at him as she showed a
drawing of the Uchiha family. It was old. There were five children and two parents.

“He was considered as a genius for his tactics during the war,” she continued to talk about the
various fights that were documented. Ryoko stopped listening at that point.

This was just too weird for her.

Her ancestor, Madara Uchiha, led an army? Was good at tactics? That is great and all, but this
is exactly what her former father said about their ancestors! He said that her great great great
great great great grandfather led armies against Rome and was even referred to as the ‘Father
of Strategy’. Coincidence? Maybe.

Or maybe it was destiny.

Somehow, Ryoko felt closer to this new family of hers. The similarities were uncanny, but
not unwelcome. They were proof of her being in the right place.

This Madara also sounded like a great guy, she thought, looking at his drawing in the book.
He looked tall and strong. She would never forget the confident stance he had. It looked like
not even a storm could budge him from the place he stood.

With great concentration, the girl tried to cross her baby arms in the same manner as Madara
did on his chest. No luck.

“Oh, baby, are you tired already?” Mikoto smiled kindly at her wriggling form. She yawned
in response. Before her mother stood up, Ryoko already closed her eyes and allowed sleep to
take over. All the time cursing her weak body to filth.

━━━━━━━━━━

The days go by quickly when you’re asleep most of the time. Ryoko couldn’t tell how much
time passed since her death and birth, but she felt herself growing. Slowly, but steady. Her



waking hours were filled with Mikoto showering her with attention. Food that tasted weird,
but acceptable. Her stone face father, that would melt if she secretly sent a smile his way
instead of her usual frown.

Then there was Itachi. Her big brother and the most adorable being she ever met. When they
played together, he was mindful of her. Very gentle and calm. Patient, when she couldn’t
reach something or grasp it.

Ryoko loved her brother. The feeling felt natural like breathing. And she could see that he
cared in his own way. They weren’t speaking yet, but they communicated with their eyes and
actions.

Once, he gave her his favorite plush toy - a black raven. She cuddled the bird for dear life.

They would spend hours playing with rubber toys. Later, she heard parents calling them
‘kunai’ and ‘shuriken’. Weapons, huh? Honestly, it was refreshing to see a family so…
armed. She wondered when she could get her first knife.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Hello there, Ryoko-chan. My name is doctor Fuji,” a man with a white coat introduced one
day. She was just opening her eyes from a nice nap when she found her surroundings had
changed from the familiar home.

She obviously said nothing as her vocal cords refused to produce words that would make
sense. Until then, she refused the indignity of childish blabbering. So the girl stared at him
suspiciously instead.

“I have these cool blocks. Can you show me where they would go?”

They were sitting on a plush carpet. Her father and mother stood nearby watching every
move as proper helicopter parents would.

Ryoko glanced at the geometric figures placed in front of her. There was also a little box with
matching shape cavities. She looked up at the doctor. Back at the block. Back at the doctor.

This was stupid and beyond her capabilities. For a moment, Ryoko seriously considered
playing dumb, but her instincts told her that it would be more suspicious than showing off her
intellect. Okay, I’ll bite… she decided to show at least a little bit.

Carefully, but decisively Ryoko grabbed one block after the other and shoved them in the
rightful place. There was only one block left. It was a round red ball. There was no shape for
it on the box.

Ryoko narrowed her eyes while spinning the box. Nop. No round cavity. She didn’t want to
leave the ball out. For crying out loud, she had the mind of a grown-ass woman! She could
figure it out…

Eventually, Ryoko settled in placing the round ball into a square shape that at least matched
the color. It went in easily.



“Oh! Very well done,” the doctor nodded. She couldn’t yet tell if he was faking it or not.

Then she got a couple more tests. One to pair words with pictures. Another with numbers and
pictures. And then she fell asleep.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Uchiha-sama, have you been reading to her?”

“Yes? Is there something wrong?” the woman asked as they were having a follow-up
conversation with the doctor the next day. Both kids were left at home.

“Oh no! Not at all. I could tell, you see, reading helped young Ryoko-chan to connect words
and sounds with their meaning. It is very impressive.”

“Well, of course. She is an Uchiha,” Fugaku scoffed, but he was proud. Somewhere deep
deep inside.

“My initial suspicions were confirmed. She is a very quick learner. Truly clever girl. Gifted,
if I may say so myself. She has good problem-solving skills and well, my recommendations
still stand.”

“And they are?”

“Let her rest as much as she needs, but supply her with opportunities to learn to keep her
mind engaged. Books, reading. Maybe try teaching her already. Has she spoken yet?”

The two parents glanced at each other.

“No, she hasn’t. I sometimes hear her trying to make sounds, but when she notices me, she
stops,” Mikoto complained.

“Ah, shy maybe?”

“Nonsense,” Fugaku crossed his arms defensively. No child of his was shy.

“Well, encourage it. Maybe try singing?” the doctor suggested looking at Mikoto, who to be
fair, looked far less intimidating than her husband. Dealing with clan heads was a dangerous
line to walk. Insult their child, and you could very well end up dead.

“Alright,” the woman agreed.

“What about Itachi? Has he spoken yet?”

“Yes, he is using almost full sentences now,” Fugaku added.

“Good, we should probably expect no less from Ryoko. Don’t push her too hard,” the doctor
added delicately earning another defensive stare.

━━━━━━━━━━



Today Ryoko awoke feeling far more energetic than usual. She found herself in a crib at least.
Waking not at home was not the best thing for her instincts. At least her parents let her sleep
now after the visit to the hospital.

The girl yawned and looked around flexing her tiny hands. She grew. Still chubby, but at least
her grasp got better. Time to explore! she smirked to herself and looked around.

She could hear Mikoto in another room humming. She couldn’t feel her father's presence
anywhere near. It was an odd feeling actually. Similar to when you can feel a predator next to
you, but it didn’t put her uneasy. His presence was like a humming sound she felt within.

Even Mikoto had that same buzzing presence about her. And her brother. So Ryoko guessed
that it probably was nothing to be concerned about. Actually, it allowed her to orientate and
predict if any people were around. Very handy.

Carefully Ryoko lifted herself up. A week ago she made her first couple of shaky steps.
Mikoto cried. Itachi clapped his hands. And Fugaku nodded with approval.

Now the cribs rail was a bit more challenging. It took a couple of tries to heave herself over
it. Mother would always get so worried when she did that. Ryoko on the other hand felt rather
mischievous when she got a chance to get out of her mother's sight.

Mikoto sometimes would call her ‘a little ninja’. Ryoko liked that. Being a ninja sounded
exciting. But ninja’s need to have weapons and that was her goal for today.

Carefully and quietly the little girl wobbled out of her room and looked around. In the living
room, she noticed one katana on display. It was perched on a small shelf. Accessible.

The weapon was heavy. She couldn’t really hold on to it and it dropped to the floor when she
tried to reach for it. Well, now she could reach it, so the goal was achieved.

Happily, Ryoko grasped onto the handle and pulled. The blade glimmered in the light. Her
eyes looked with awe over the shiny metal. A tiny hand reached for it.

“RYOKO!” a yelp startled her and her hand slipped. She turned around to see her father
standing in the doorway, face red with anger and concern. Huh, she didn’t even feel him like
usual. Interesting.

The next second he was crouched by her side scooping her from the ground. His eyes shined
red again as he looked down at her hand. Ryoko looked down too. Oh. Her hand was
bleeding. She didn’t even register it.

Even now, the pain was nothing. She had worse. Sincerely puzzled the girl looked up at him
wondering if he would get upset with her.

“Hn. Don’t ever do that again, okay, Ryoko?” he said calmly, but his lips were pursed in
emotion she could not read. It wasn’t anger though, so she smiled back at him.

“NINJA!” she giggled pushing for her voice not to crack or stumble on the syllables. By the
shocked expression on his face, Ryoko gathered that she said it right.



“Hn,” was all that Fugaku said after a long sigh.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 3: From 1 to 4

“Ninja, huh? First word?”

“Yes.”

“After she grabbed a katana?” the redhead chuckled imagining the scene.

“Yes,” Mikoto sighed remembering all the blood.

“Well, I know what I’m getting her for her birthday.”

“Kushina! NO!”

“Yeah, you’re right. Katana is too big for her now. Maybe a nice dagger? I know this guy
who makes all of Minato’s knives...”

“No!” Mikoto was horrified by that thought and didn’t hide it.

Both women glanced at the toddler napping in a shade of a tree. She looked adorable.
Especially with some Nara kid that joined in on her nap.

“Soooo, are you sure she’s not a Nara secretly?”

“KUSHINA!”

It wasn’t Uzumaki’s fault for assuming, to be fair. Neither Mikoto nor Fugaku rushed to share
the news of their child having an abnormal IQ. Call them paranoid, but they just wanted to
keep their little girl as a child for as long as possible.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko was practically dozing off in her father's lap, while everyone around them was
hustling and preparing the table. It was her big day. One year since she was born. Despite the
war breaking out again, her family gathered together.

“Honey, Ryoko, happy birthday!” Mikoto chirped as she placed a cake in front of her with a
single lit candle.

“You have to make a wish and then blow out the candle,” Fugaku explained sternly, but after
a while, he figured that his little girl appreciated normal talk more than baby-talk some
parents used.

The girl winked away the last bits of sleep from her eyes and leaned closer to the table. As
much as Fugaku’s iron hold allowed. She closed her eyes and it almost looked like she was
going back to the land of dreams.



Until her eyes opened again with a determined glint in them. A wish was secured and set.
The man felt her tiny chest expand as she inhaled deeply.

Ryoko blew air successfully, but the candle burst into high flames instead of being put out.
Ryoko looked surprised and turned her wide eyes at Fugaku. The man smirked.

“Don’t worry. We Uchiha have a thing for fire. This happens. Your chakra is inclined to fire
from birth,” he explained patiently.

“Oh yes, darling. Once you get older, I’ll tell you a story of how your big brother almost
burned down the whole table on his birthday,” Mikoto chuckled. Itachi clapped his hands
excitedly at the simmering flame.

“Chakra?” the girl mumbled in question.

“Ah yes, are you up for a story, Ryoko?” Fugaku asked. The girl smiled brightly with a nod
of excitement. Nothing cheered her more than books. The Uchiha clan head yet again felt
blessed to have such intelligent children.

“Fugaku, it’s her birthday! Honey, we have a present for you,” Mikoto said instead, grabbing
the girl’s attention.

“Ninja?” that was her favorite word of them all. Parents only smiled.

“No, not yet,” Fugaku said sincerely hoping that his own daughter would miss the war and
would get to attend the academy in the time of peace.

“Mmmm, library?” that was her next guess, surprising the adults. Half of the time they didn’t
even know where she learned some of the words. But it didn’t look like she was confused by
the meaning of the word itself. Ryoko seriously wanted a library full of books as a present.

“Haha, no. But we do have a library. I will show it to you next time,” Fugaku promised.

“Uuu! KATANA!” Ryoko yelped with childish excitement announcing her next guess.

“NO!” Mikoto wanted to scream too. Why did it have to be a sword that her princess wanted?
Why couldn’t it be a nice dress or well anything else? Ryoko pouted.

“Now now, you’ll get that too. One day,” Fugaku said ignoring the daggers Mikoto sent his
way.

Finally, they presented the girl with a box tied with a bright red bow. Inside was a traditional
Uchiha fan passed from generation to generation. Both parents expected to hear a tantrum or
see her cry, but the girl only examined the item with care. Her eyes darted to the Uchiha
banner on one of the walls.

“Uchiha?” she tilted her head slightly.

“Yes, darling. This is a traditional fan from our crest. Always remember who you are.”



That statement was very familiar to Ryoko. She smiled widely.

“Ryoko is Uchiha!” she declared waving the fan around. The motion made the fire on top of
the cake shine brighter.

“Oookey, maybe we’ll try it later. When there are fewer flames around,” Mikoto quickly took
the fan away and instead gave Fugaku a book to read for his daughter.

Just your normal shinobi family trying to keep their kids from making lasting damage or
burning the house completely with their wild chakra.

━━━━━━━━━━

After a story or two, the kids were let outside to play with their cousins. Ryoko quickly took a
liking to two particular raven heads.

“OBI!” she yelped pummelling into an embrace with one of them. Obito Uchiha. The boy
actually smiled unlike most of the Uchiha she observed.

“Koko-hime! What about me?” a boy next to him pouted. She had to giggle at the expression
of the two-year-old toddler in their garden. Her fourth favorite person. Shisui Uchiha. The
first place was still Madara Uchiha. Followed closely by Itachi. Then Obito.

“SHI!” she enthusiastically tackled the boy to the ground. He also smiled. That’s why she
liked them so much. Not to mention, the fact that Shisui and Itachi were best of friends.
Making him her friend too.

“Ninja! Ninja!” she eagerly stomped her foot demanding to play.

“As you wish, mi’lady,” Obito laughed. That was their favorite game since she started
walking. It involved running around and reenacting death scenes. Basically, it was a game of
tag. With death. They loved it.

━━━━━━━━━━

Over the next year Ryoko’s parents learned that she learned how to read. The girl wouldn’t
just aimlessly flip through the books her little hands got hold of. They noticed her eyes
moving as she followed the text in silence.

She tried hard to show off her skills slowly, but books were the only thing her parents really
allowed her to do. So books it is. She inhaled the knowledge and all the weird tales they held.
Chakra. Jutsu. Shinobi. Kunoichi.

It was like reading fiction novels, but way better, because it was all real.

Quickly, she got convinced that Madara was her new idol. The man was amazing! His power
was something of legends. She wanted to be just like him.

Clans and their hierarchy were also something of interest. She wasn’t naive to think that
books were always saying the truth. There had to be embellishments and things



misconstrued, but still. Uchiha were badass.

The mystery behind red eyes was explained only after her second birthday. She finally was
allowed to the Uchiha library and had her fill about the sharingan.

Genjutsu? That sounded right up her alley. Her former father used chemicals, manipulation,
and brainwashing to set the illusions in the minds of his victims. Once, he made a woman
think that another person kidnapped her and she killed the innocent man. Ahh, good old days.

A genjutsu was basically the same, but way cooler. Ryoko would stare in the mirror for hours
trying her hardest to squint and make her eyes red with no luck. All the books she read said
that the power is unlocked by witnessing a big trauma.

There was only one problem. By now Ryoko had seen many things and remembered them
clear as day. So she wondered what it would have to be to trigger her…

━━━━━━━━━━

The answer came to the girl in two more years. She was now of the ripe age of four. Her
parents tried their hardest to keep her in their sights, but she was even better at sneaking now
with all her limbs responding quicker and quicker.

After reading almost every book available about her Uchiha ancestors and Madara
specifically, she realized that physical power was something important in this world of
shinobi. The girl had a pretty good idea of how to train and build muscle so that is what she
did.

Ryoko would run around, do pushups and other exercises. Of course, she had to start slow, by
simply pushing herself off the wall. Then she moved down to push from window stills and
tables she could reach. Until Ryoko could now do proper pushup from the ground.

Slow and steady was her mantra.

The same went for chakra. At first, the concept sounded like a delusional fairy tale from
some magician. But it did explain the weird buzzing she felt from other people. It took a lot
to grasp the idea of chakra, but after that roadblock, the world seemed full of possibilities.

Today Ryoko was sitting outside watching her father fight her brother. That was… weird.
From what she gathered, Itachi was about to go to someplace called ‘Academy’. She gathered
that it was a school of sorts, but still. Seeing Itachi evade kunai and flames weren’t pleasant.

She tried to ask her father to fight her instead, but he only brushed her off. Leaving the girl
sulk and watching from a distance.

Both men went at it today exceptionally hard. She could barely keep track of their moving
figures, but her eyes adjusted each time. Sometimes, she restrained blinking just to keep up
with the two.

Fugaku sent a big ball of fire towards Itachi. Her eyes widened at its size. Itachi evaded with
elegance no five-year-old should possess. The second his head was turned away in a spin,



was the moment her eyes bled.

Fugaku leaped into the spot where Itachi was supposed to land. His hand held a kunai aimed
at his son’s heart. Ryoko didn’t understand why he was doing this.

He’s going to kill Itachi! her mind reeled. Before Ryoko could even make sense of it or have
another thought, her body was already moving.

She appeared right in front of Itachi with her hand held up in a blocking motion. Her head
was splitting in two from the pain, but the world around her never seemed clearer.

Her eyes could see every single movement and the trajectory they were going. A bird ten
meters away in a tree. An ant colony five meters away. And her father's shocked expression
as he could not stop the momentum of his strike.

The kunai pierced her hand stopping just in time before skewering the flesh completely. It felt
like tears were rolling down her cheeks, but she didn’t feel pain.

“Ryoko…” Fugaku’s voice was stern but trembling.

“You were going to kill Itachi!” she accused, scrunching her eyes.

“No no, honey, it’s a spar,” Fugaku quickly regained his composure and took the kunai out in
one fluid motion. “I would never! You really thought… your eyes…” the man wasn’t making
much sense to her, so she stepped back when he crouched in front of her.

“Ko!” Itachi hugged her, but his eyes were full of surprise when he pulled away.

“Sharingan…” the boy whispered.

“Shari…?” she wanted to ask them again, but suddenly as the pain appeared it went away.
Together with the light and her consciousness.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Uchiha-sama! Really? She is only four years old!” a young medic chastised him as she
bandaged the little hand of his daughter. Thankfully, her sharingan had faded away, so he
explained it only as a training accident.

He was royally embarrassed to have to go to the hospital. Only the thought of Mikoto finding
out about his mistake scared him more than the medics' accusations.

“Hn. Yes, she is,” he muttered wondering if anything will ever be the same after today. The
expression Ryoko gave him… it broke his heart. For her to seriously think that he could hurt
Itachi?

He would never! The clan head was already prepared to stop his attack before Ryoko
intervened. Fugaku was gathering his thoughts now and preparing to explain what spars are
to his young daughter.



The only thing that calmed him, was the way Ryoko loved Itachi. Their bond was strong and
he could not ask for more. At least her sharingan awakened in the compound and not in the
middle of a battle.

Now he will have to teach her how to use it without fainting. In secret from Mikoto. He
sighed collecting his unconscious daughter. The medic assured that there will be no scar left,
thankfully.

They grow up so fast… he thought, patting Ryoko’s raven hair. It was wild and puffy, just like
his. While Itachi looked more like Mikoto with his straight silky locks.

He sighed again. In a year, he will have to let her join the academy. Way too soon for his
liking, but the war demanded recruits. He had to show an example. Sometimes he really
cursed his fate as a clan head.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 4: From 4 to 6

When Itachi finally joined the academy, Fugaku’s full attention was on her. Every evening
they would train when he was back home from the front lines. In a way, Ryoko was glad of
this development. She noticed how her big brother relaxed, from the pressure on him being
relieved. Hell, the boy even played with Shisui now. And smiled more.

That in itself made the grueling practices worth it. Fugaku didn’t hold back, placing her in
one genjutsu after the other. She was tortured. Had seen her whole family massacred. Had
seen her own death.

So basically nothing too bad.

The use of sharingan still left her drained. She started meditating to work on her chakra
reserves. It felt like pulling a string from a dusty pile. As she pulled harder, the string seemed
to never end. The flow of chakra was like a drug.

After noticing her quick improvements, her father forced her to learn how and keep her
chakra concealed at all times. He said that a good shinobi should never reveal the true extent
of their power. He was a smart man.

At age five, Ryoko was well on her way to be the next Madara Uchiha. She knew it in her
guts, that that was her destiny. The girl even grew out a partial bang to cover one of her eyes
as an homage to her idol.

“Ahhhh, I HATE HIM!” suddenly Obito appeared in her garden, while Ryoko was doing
some stretches. Her dark eyes glanced at the boy.

“What’s the bastard’s name?” she said, narrowing her eyes. If anyone dared to mess with her
clan, they would have to pay.

“Ryoko-hime, you’re just the cutest,” he smiled, dropping on the grass by her side. “It’s my
teammate. The stupid Bakashi.”

What a strange name she thought to herself.

“Why stupid?” compared to her, most children were indeed stupid, but to hear Obito say it
was another matter.

“He has this huge stick up his ass…” twack! Itachi was behind Obito now after serving her
cousin a hit to the head.

“Watch your language in front of my sister, Obito-san,” Itachi smiled sweetly, but there was a
dangerous edge to his words.

“Yeah yeah… I mean, he is taking my Rin away from me!”



“Rin?” Ryoko asked.

“Yeah, my other teammate. She’s the best!” the sparks in his eyes spoke louder than the
praise he just said. The boy was head over heels in love. How cute.

“Rin and Obito, sitting in a tree. K. I. S. S. I. N. G,” she chuckled while the boys gaped at
her. “What?”

“That’s… never heard that before…” Obito looked puzzled as his mind slowly tried to put
her spelled-out letters into a word. As the blush started to color his face, Ryoko knew he
finally got it. She smirked wider.

“Yeah, I came up with it just now,” she shrugged, while Obito was lost for words.

“Obito-san, you’re corrupting my sister,” Itachi said sweetly again.

“NO! Itachi-kun! Your sister is a freakin’ genius. Maybe if I ask Rin to sit with me in a tree
away from Bakashi…” he was now muttering a plan under his breath.

Itachi frowned and it didn’t suit his face, Ryoko thought. But she understood his reaction.
Who else if not Itachi could understand the deeper meaning behind the label ‘genius’.

“Koko, could you leave us for a bit, I have to have a talk with Obito-san,” Itachi smiled at her
then. She sighed but nodded. How could she refuse, when he used that nickname from their
childhood.

“Alright, big brother. Just don’t hurt him too much,” she said and gave the boy a hug before
leaving back to the house.

While inside, she picked up a book about war strategies and started to read it.

“You read way too much, cousin,” another voice interrupted her from the entrance into the
living room.

“Reading is fundamental, Shisui-kun,” she said, not even looking his way.

“Pft! I do that enough in the academy,” the boy complained, taking a seat next to her.

“How is the academy?” she asked. Her eyes continued to read. It was nice to be able to keep
a couple of trains of thought at the same time.

“Me and Itachi were placed in the advanced class. We will probably graduate by the end of
the year.”

“Hmmm,” nothing surprising there considering their skills. Yet, early graduation would mean
that her brother will be going outside the safety Konoha provided. She wanted to go into the
academy soon so that she could protect Itachi. At least he had Shisui for now.

“Oh, and Itachi already has a bunch of fangirls!” the way Shisui smiled, was mischievous. He
probably enjoyed her brother’s suffering from all the attention. Ryoko sighed.



“Names, Shisui, I need names. Then I will put them to their rightful place - away from my
brother,” she deadpanned.

“Awww, you’re soooo cute, princess,” Shisui chuckled and then did something unusual. He
poked her forehead. Ryoko could only blink at this weird action.

“Don’t frown, it will give you wrinkles,” he laughed. Ryoko pouted harder.

━━━━━━━━━━

Weeks went by. Father was at war. Obito was off doing missions. Shisui and Itachi were in
the academy or training afterward. Ryoko was alone.

She felt loneliness growing in her, but there was nothing she really could do about it. It was
their duty to serve Konoha. So when one day, her mother suggested a playdate, Ryoko
reluctantly accepted.

Usually, she would prefer to train or read, but Mikoto persisted.

That is how Ryoko ended up being pushed inside the Nara compound. She read about them.
A smart and lazy bunch. While Mikoto chatted with some woman, Ryoko stood with her
arms crossed over her chest, a stance mimicking that of Madara’s she learned from the
paintings.

“Aww, so this is your little Ryoko-chan? Nice to meet you, darling,” the other woman
gushed.

“Hn,” Ryoko said her dry greeting unamused.

“Shikaku, come and meet our guest!” the woman yelled to the back of her home.

“Ryoko, darling, this is the Nara clan head’s, behave,” Mikoto pushed the girl forward
expecting Ryoko to give a proper bow. The problem is, Ryoko never bowed to anyone. Nara
were no exception. The girl only gave a nod of acknowledgment to the young adult who
entered the room. Mikoto sighed.

“Hmmm, wanna play shogi, kid?” the man named Shikaku asked. This probably was not
what her mother expected to happen from the playdate, but Ryoko gladly accepted. Anything
was better than dealing with small children.

In hindsight, this probably was Nara clan heads' way of testing the waters and checking
Ryoko out before allowing her to mingle with the kids from his clan.

So they played a game of shogi. It was similar to chess from her past life. Quickly she got the
hang of it but still couldn’t win a single game against the man.

A worthy opponent, Ryoko deducted.

That is how her ‘playdates’ turned into games of shogi with adult Nara clansmen. Everyone
was happy with it. Except for Mikoto. Her mother sulked for days.



━━━━━━━━━━

Itachi and Shisui were training like always after the lessons. It was almost time for their
graduation.

“So, your sister will be going to the academy soon, huh?” Shisui panted out avoiding the
kunai.

“Hn.”

“Hey, don’t be so upset. It will be good for her! I doubt she will finish it as quickly as we
did.”

“She will,” Itachi’s answers were too dry on the topic and Shisui felt obligated to dig deeper.

“Oh? Yeah, I know she’s smart, but it’s not only about that in there.”

“Hn. Father has been training her past few years,” Itachi remarked. It didn’t look like he was
upset by the attention Fugaku gave to Ryoko.

“So? He trained you too. He has a reputation to protect,” Shisui said after sending a Katon
jutsu.

“That’s not why.”

Okay, now Shisui’s interest was really piqued. He adored both of his cousins to bits, so
naturally, their business was his business.

“Why then?”

Itachi stopped mid-swing of his fist and sighed. Shisui noticed how quickly the boy created at
least seven genjutsu around them for privacy. Interesting.

“Promise me, Shisui, that you can keep a secret?”

“You bet I can!”

“Ryoko… she has awakened her sharingan,” Itachi’s voice was like a whisper, but he heard it
alright.

“Shit,” Shisui’s hands dropped by his sides.

“Yeah.”

“But she’s like… what, almost six?”

“Yeah.”

“Wait! When did it happen?”

“Two years ago.”



Shisui openly gaped. This was unheard of! For a child to develop their dojutsu at such a
young age. She was smart and all, but this was not a kekkei genkai like Byakugan. You had
to…

“How?!” the boy urgently asked dreading to hear the answer.

It turned out to be not as bad as he initially imagined. Actually, it was even funny.

“Aww, Ryoko-chan protected you! You have the best little sister ever.”

“Shisui! That’s not the point!”

“Yeah yeah, I know,” the smile on his face was gone quicker than he could shunshin’ed. And
that was already saying something. Both of the boys knew what it meant. Shinobi who are
considered geniuses, the prodigy among peers, they were the first ones to be sent on
dangerous missions. They were often the first ones to face the death and the horrors of the
war. All because of their exceptional skill.

“She’ll be fine, Itachi. She’s clever. Just ask her to keep a low profile, yeah?” Shisui tried his
best to stay optimistic, but he wasn’t sure he believed the words that left his mouth. For an
Uchiha to keep a low profile was like asking a Hyuga to have a food fight. Not happening.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko didn’t hold back during her entrance exam. She wanted to get into the academy as
quickly as possible and be done with it. The clan praised her results, only Itachi was more
subdued with his reaction. His concern was sweet, but she had to protect him. Even though
he was older, she was mentally the eldest one.

On her first day, Ryoko was taken to the academy gates by Mikoto. Fugaku was back in the
front lines fighting for the village.

“Alright, darling, please, just please don’t sleep during class, okay?” her mother pleaded.

“Yes, mother,” she agreed, not really intending to keep the promise. Finally, though she was
free to go inside after the opening ceremony.

Her classroom was on the top floor. When she opened the door, Ryoko didn’t even falter in
her steps while all the eyes were pinned on her little form.

“Oh no, another one…” she heard the other kids whisper. They were far older than she was.

“Ah, Ryoko Uchiha. I will be your sensei, Kabure Tokisuki. Please introduce to the class,”
chunin said with a kind smile. She almost smirked at his naive misconception, that she was a
small fragile child.

The girl stopped next to him in front of the class. Her arms went to rest crossed over her
chest. She looked more like a substitute teacher with the way her eyes observed every kid
with stern determination.



“Nice to meet you. I am Ryoko Uchiha,” that’s really all they need to know about her.

“Mmm, Ryoko-chan, why don’t you tell us more about yourself. Like the things you like, the
things you hate. Your hobbies. Your dreams of the future,” Tokisuki sensei suggested.

“I like some things and I dislike some other things. My hobbies are not relevant. And my
dreams for the future are my own to know.”

“Ahhaha! Okay, please take a seat,” the teacher accepted her answer reluctantly, while the
class whispered even more. Their eyes sent very unkind stares her away. Ryoko almost felt at
home. Dealing with negative reactions was easier than dealing with smiles and kindness. She
smirked, planning how she would crush every single one of them if they dared to stand in her
way.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 5: From 6 to 7

“...what a freak…”

“Another stuck-up Uchiha…”

“...wait for the sparing to start…”

That is what Ryoko’s classmates thought of her. She couldn’t blame them as she really didn’t
try to blend in. In her past life, the girl worked hard to create and maintain a perfect mask. To
get to know people, manipulate them into a false sense of security.

Here, however, she didn’t feel a need for it. She was an Uchiha. She was entitled. But most of
all, she didn’t have time to play around. You can either force people into submission with
kindness or using sheer power. She chose the latter.

Teachers would ask her questions at first until they realized that she had the whole curriculum
and more memorized. By now Ryoko was left to her own devices. She would sit in the back
with her eyes closed and chin perched on her laced fingers.

No, she was not sleeping! Most of the time… Ryoko decided to use this time in the academy
to passively listen and meditate. She just couldn’t get enough of her own chakra and there
was always that feeling urging her to expand her limits and control.

Naturally, other students only sensed the chakra she allowed them to. So they had no idea of
her true potential until the sparring exercises. At the end of her first week, such a session
happened. They were gathered in one of the training grounds around the academy.

“Ryoko-chan, your turn,” sensei called her gently. Naive idiot. She stepped forward with her
arms crossed over her chest. She didn’t grace her opponent with a full bow, only a nod.

The girl in front of her was clearly a Hyuga. This had to be fun. Maybe they acknowledged
her smarts, but no one had expected her to stand on equal ground with an older student.

Father had forbidden her from using sharingan outside their sessions and especially in the
academy, so it had to be a taijutsu and ninjutsu fight. Ryoko evaded precise hits with ease.
Her father was more relentless when the two of them sparred.

Still with her hands crossed over her chest, Ryoko toyed with the girl.

“Ryoko-chan, I must see you counter,” the sensei carefully encouraged. She sighed dodging
another hit. The Hyuga girl had already activated her Byakugan.

Another swipe, Ryoko dodged under it and was now shadowing the girl's steps back to back,
pissing her opponent even more. She finally dropped her hands into a fighting stance and
attacked the Hyuga.



Maneuvering her hands to avoid any contact, Ryoko targeted the vital points. Maybe she
couldn’t see chakra points like Hyuga, but she knew anatomy well enough to make her hits
count.

Chest, neck, sternum. Her opponent was breathing heavily. During the whole fight, Hyuga
only managed to touch Ryoko once to the shoulder. It’s good that young Uchiha was not
planning to use any jutsu. With taijutsu alone, it took her another minute to finish it up.

Hyuga dropped to the ground knocked out. There was silence. Her classmates were fuming
but now regarded Ryoko with more than hate. Respect.

━━━━━━━━━━

Evening at the Uchiha household was quiet. Her father was still at war. Itachi was out on his
first mission outside the village. It was only her and Mikoto sitting by the dinner table.

“Darling, how was the academy?” her mother asked.

“Acceptable.”

“Hn.”

“Hn.”

“How about boys? Did any catch your eye?”

Ryoko looked up at her mother with one raised eyebrow. Seriously? She was only six years
old. Although to be fair, she probably should be glad that her parents have not arranged a
marriage for her. Yet.

“No,” she answered without much emotion instead favoring to put more grilled meat into her
plate.

“Hmmm, maybe,” her mother started carefully eyeing her daughter's plate,” it’s time for you
to think more about… your figure? Maybe a diet?”

Ryoko was now fully staring at Mikoto. Was her mother really a kunoichi? She should know
better than suggest having fewer calories for a person who is training day in and day out.

Without breaking eye contact, Ryoko snagged three pieces of juicy meat with her chopsticks
and placed them in her mouth. SO, that was a no on the diet question.

━━━━━━━━━━

One thing Ryoko did hate about her body, how weak it sometimes was. She didn’t sleep as
much as when she was a toddler, but still, the strain of training and her mind constantly
working got to her. She eventually worked out a schedule.

Every week or at least once a month, Ryoko would take what she called a ‘day off’. She
would sleep and do absolutely nothing. It was her way of recharging. Checking out her brain



for a day was a blessing. After which, she could train even harder.

Sunday was that day. She slept till mid-day. She would stay in her bed even longer, but today
was an exception. Itachi was due to come back from his mission and she really missed him.

Reluctantly, Ryoko got herself out of the comfortable sheets and dressed. She opted out to
wear a fluffy hoodie with cat ears on the hood itself that covered her black hair. It was comfy.
If she had to step outside, she might as well feel good.

Still yawning every other step, the girl made it to the gates of Konoha. Two guards by the
entrance smiled at her cute little self.

“Hey there, kid, you lost?” one asked leaning to her level. She yawned.

“Nah, shinobi-san. I’m good.”

“Kitty, this probably is not a place for you to be,” another guard tried gently to shoo her
away. Ryoko really didn’t have it in her to frown and be stern today.

“My brother should return soon from his first mission. I miss him,” was what she said
instead.

“Aww, well aren’t you adorable,” the first guard chuckled. They were clearly amused.

In about thirty minutes a team of genin finally approached the gates. The guards straightened
up greeting them. Itachi noticed her in an instance and smiled.

“Ryoko,” he greeted her with a warm hug. From the corner of her eyes, she noticed how the
guards shared a look.

No doubt, most shinobi already heard about Fugaku’s genius children. Of course, they
wouldn’t expect a cute little girl to be one of them.

“Onii-san, welcome back,” she smiled up at him.

“What about me, Ryoko-hime?” Shisui was also there waiting for his own hug.

“If I must,” she sighed with pretend reluctance. He got a hug too. It was good to see the two
boys together and safe. She worried about them way too often.

“Is it your ‘day off’?” Itachi smiled, poking at her hood cat ear.

“Yup!”

“Why don’t we get some dango?” he suggested. She could hug him again. So she did. The
boys said goodbyes to their team and the three of them left.

“So, how’s the academy?” Shisui asked when they settled in one of the cafes.

“Boring,” Ryoko yawned perching her chin on the table.



“Are they treating you well?” Itachi asked.

“I guess so.”

“They are not being mean to you? If so, just tell us!” Shisui could be scary when he wanted
to. All Uchiha had that quality. And she was positive, that both boys would not be happy with
the comments she received from other kids.

“Define ‘mean’?”

“Are they picking on you?”

“Nop.”

“Did you have to spar with them already?”

“Yup. Beat up this Hyuga girl,” Ryoko smiled.

“That’s my girl!” Shisui ruffled her hood with a pleased nod.

━━━━━━━━━━

When Ryoko turned seven, she really could not see anymore point in the academy, but she
didn’t skip a single class. Teachers already mentioned that she could graduate early. Ah, the
joy of growing up in wartime.

The only classes that did offer something she hadn’t read about were the kunoichi classes. As
Ryoko was in the higher level grade, she skipped the whole boring part of ikebana and now
faced more serious topics like rape, seduction, and how to deal with periods while on a
mission.

Fun.

Actually, it wasn’t that different from war tactics she was familiar with from her former life.
Rape was used by non-shinobi too. When a woman is captured, men cannot resist using her
or breaking her that way.

What did surprise her, was the lesson she got from Fugaku one day.

“Ryoko, there will be a day when you will go out on a mission. And despite your skills, there
might be a scenario, when you are captured.”

“Yes, father, I am aware,” she said calmly.

“As an Uchiha you have to know one very important thing - if an enemy will know that you
are an Uchiha, they will try to take your eyes.”

“Oh,” her mouth made a round shape of surprise. It was so obvious and yet she never
considered such possible actions. “They can do that?”



“Yes, honey. Those like us, who hold a dojutsu are often targets for their eyes. So if you can
predict that you will be captured, make sure to hide the fact that you are an Uchiha at all
costs. Promise me, okay?”

“Yes, father. I promise. No one will take my eyes,” she smiled sweetly but it was also vicious.
“And then when they let their guard down, I will unleash the full extent of sharingan on their
sorry asses!”

“Ryoko! Language!”

“Sorry, father.”

“Okay, then, let’s start our training?”

━━━━━━━━━━

Yes, Ryoko was forbidden from using her sharingan outside the training. Yes, she promised
not to use it. But… Well, she honestly saw this more like a challenge than a restriction.

It took her six months to find a solution. She never read about it before, not seen any other
person do so, but the idea was pretty genius if she could say so herself.

After long hours of practice in her own room, Ryoko finally achieved it - activating only one
of her eyes at a time. Honestly, what’s the point of the thick fringe covering her eye if she
couldn’t hide a trick behind it?

“Ryoko, come here,” her father called for her from the other room.

She deactivated her right eye and went to see what was up. She noticed something was off
right away. In the living room was her father with Itachi and Shisui. All of their expressions
were void of emotion, meaning there was something bad hidden behind those stone faces.

“Yes, father?” she asked curiously.

“Obito was lost on a mission,” he announced, eyes stern and not wavering.

“Lost as in…?” she clarified.

“He is presumed dead. His teammates reported back.”

“I see.”

“Are you okay, Koko?” Itachi asked, grasping her small hand to show support.

“Hn,” was all she said. They knew how close Ryoko was to their cousin. But this was war.
People were going to die. Death didn’t scare her.

Thankfully, she was about to graduate from the academy and enemies will see her wrath first
hand. They didn’t discuss the matter further. Itachi took her to train instead. He looked
worried more than anyone.



He recently awakened his own sharingan and now they could spar more or less like equals.
Neither was holding back but in a good manner. They were not competing with each other.
The worry for one other was what forced them to hold nothing back.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 6: Lucky number 8
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ryoko didn’t cry. She didn’t yell. She didn’t break stuff. She closed her eyes and breathed in.
One of her dearest clan people was lost. No body was recovered. He was officially 'missing
in action'.

She was sure that they didn’t look hard enough. Why would they when all the forces were
focused on the war? Nobody cared about some Uchiha kid. Except her. She cared.

At this moment, Ryoko understood how irrelevant her powers were. Yes, she was quick and
could use pretty difficult genjutsu. She mastered some ninjutsu too, but that was about it.
What if another person gets hurt? She couldn’t heal them. What if someone else is lost? She
wouldn’t have the skills to find them.

It was a frustrating realization, to say the least. Academy hadn’t thought anything even close
to what she needed. Her father was so focused on her sharingan, that any other skills were
neglected. Ryoko understood that if she wanted to be somebody, to go somewhere, she had to
wake up from the secure bubble she was in and pay attention.

The answer was simple - she needed a teacher. Someone to guide her. Someone who could be
open to new jutsu. Someone who would not coddle her and assess her with scientific
accuracy. Someone who would not be afraid of Uchiha. Someone strong.

After graduation, Ryoko got a month off before the new genin would be assigned into teams
and get their senseis. Closing in on her eighth birthday, she wasn’t an idiot ready to bid her
time in anticipation. Ryoko did her research in the library. Genin team archives were open to
other genin. To her.

Knowing the village by now, she saw a pattern. Same physical attributes were lumped
together into proven combinations. How boring, she thought. Then the girl moved on to
available jonin records.

A sensei had to be at least a jonin. There were a few on the list, but none stood out. Except
for a very small handful. One Minato Namikaze looked smart and intelligent. But he already
had a team. What a shame… and…

Her hands shivered after noticing the names of the man’s genin team. Obito… that was his
sensei. She couldn’t continue with her research after that. It has been a few months since her
cousin perished. The pain still felt fresh.

Ryoko wandered around the village until it started getting dark. She didn’t want to go back
home just yet. There was a sense of frustration building up under her skin. Her father would
be displeased by her missing dinner, but Ryoko didn’t care.



She ran with shinobi speed across the rooftops, jumping from one to the other with trained
ease. It felt like flying. Like when you reach the highest point with a swing…

In practiced motions, her legs took the girl to the village wall. She jumped over it, just barely
missing a couple of guards. Not like she hasn’t done this before.

Sometimes Ryoko would sneak out with Shisui and Itachi to train in the forest outside of
Konoha. Away from prying eyes to train together with sharingan. They both helped her to
maintain control. Once, Shisui said that her instability was due to the large amount of chakra
she had.

Itachi was never happy with these excursions, but the need for training trumped his
reservations. He knew that she would do it anyway, so might as well go together for extra
protection.

For a while, Ryoko jumped on branches not really sure where she was going until something
caught her senses. A chakra. Strong presence approaching Konoha. Despite how far away it
was, Ryoko still felt the waves of power from it. It had to be strong.

Scrunching her face, the girl jumped down on the grass. She could go back and alert
someone. But… with the speed this target moved, she would be late and the target would get
too close…

Confident in her abilities, Ryoko decided to meet this target head-on. Hell, this is exactly why
she trained her eyes so much. No person could stand against sharingan. And Madara surely
would not run away, so neither did Ryoko.

It took a while before a running figure emerged on the horizon. Ryoko’s eyes shined red with
tomoe spinning quickly to take all that she could. It was a girl. A child or maybe a teen. How
could a child have such chakra inside of her? she spared a thought, but then her mind went
blank.

It was action time. Without much hesitation, Ryoko leaped forward and made eye contact
with the girl. That is all she needed. The world around them blurred as the target was placed
under a sleeping genjutsu.

Fugaku probably would not approve of torture… yet. So Ryoko made the girl sleep. Eyes
unblinking and red, she stepped closer to the limp body of the girl. She turned her around and
noticed a Konoha headband.

“Interesting…” she muttered before her senses made Ryoko take out a kunai and defend from
an attack. A boy with silver hair was next to her. A tanto blade aimed at her. He froze when
he looked into her eyes.

“Uchiha?” he whispered with what looked like a relieved sigh. Ryoko crossed her arms with
a scowl, kunai already back in her pouch.

“Obviously. What’s the meaning of this?” she demanded as her eyes noticed a Konoha
headband on the boy's head as well.



“We were attacked. Rin… we have to take her to Konoha quickly!” he already bent down to
scoop the unconscious girl into his arms, while Ryoko assessed the situation. Rin. So this was
that Rin. Then, the silver-haired boy had to be…

“Bakashi?” she curled her eyebrow in question.

“Tck. THERE’S NO TIME! WE HAVE TO HURRY!” the boy snapped at her. He was
shaken up, so probably not thinking clearly.

“Stop!” Ryoko took his wrist demanding attention. “There is something wrong with her. I can
tell and I will not allow her to endanger Konoha!”

The boy literally growled at her pulling his arm free. Then both of their attention was taken
by new guests. Her trusty kunai made a second appearance as Ryoko braced for an attack.

“RUN!” the boy shouted at her, but Ryoko stood tall and strong in front of the Rin girl
preventing him from taking the girl or any attacks harming her.

“No! So move your ass and defend yourself and your friend!” she snarled without much
compassion. They were warriors, not children. And definitely not cowards. The boy cursed
something behind his mask but turned around to face the enemy instead of Ryoko.

The girl recognized the enemy headband as those of the Village Hidden in the Mist. The
question, however, was why would they target two children? This raised even more suspicion
to Ryoko. She in all honesty could not ignore the fierce chakra coming off Rin. It felt… foul.

Even more interesting was to see how all attacks were aimed at her and the boy and not Rin.
Like they wanted the girl alive… Well, that made it easier for the duo. Ryoko evaded and
quickly slashed necks without hesitation.

This was her first kill in this world. It was exhilarating. The feeling of adrenaline mixed with
her chakra was like a drug. She got hit only a couple of times. Once a man landed a kick to
her stomach. The other time, she could not evade kunai mid-air.

Unacceptable. Ryoko was sure that Madara would never be hurt so easily. It really pissed her
off. So she burned them. From inside out. Loud screams echoed over the forest as the whole
clearing now smelled of burned flesh.

The boy wasn’t doing that bad either. With the corner of her eye, Ryoko noticed that his
previously covered eye was now wide open and… red! He had sharingan! That moment of
distraction was what earned her a kunai injury to her arm.

Both of them panted hard as they landed beside Rin. Last enemies, incapacitated by flames or
genjutsu, got their necks sliced and hearts pierced just in case. They were alone again.

“We...have… to… hurry,” the boy started again catching his breath.

“No! There is… something… inside of her! I will not allow it in Konoha!” Ryoko would not
be swayed by some gray-haired child. She was an Uchiha, not a pushover.



“But…”

She wasn’t listening anymore and kneeled next to the girl to examine her. Maybe it was
something on her, giving off the weird chakra. Then she noticed strange ink marks on Rin’s
skin.

“Fuinjutsu…” she muttered examining the symbols. The chakra was definitely inside the girl.
Once again, Ryoko felt helpless. She had no knowledge of seals or how to counter them. But
she knew how innocent writing could bring devastation from what she read about
Uzushiogakure.

“Bakashi!”

“IT’S Kakashi!”

“Whatever! Do you know of anyone in Konoha who is good with seals?”

“Yes… my sensei, but he’s on a mission…”

Ah, Minato. The bastard was indeed a smart sensei she would not mind having. But even the
skilled man could not help them now.

“Anyone else?”

“Hmm.. maybe… Kushina-san? Kushina Uzumaki,” the boy named Kakashi finally calmed
down enough to hold a conversation and start thinking. By the glint in his eyes, Ryoko could
tell that he understood where she was going with this.

“Uzumaki, huh?” she smirked. What a lucky thing to have an Uzumaki handy. She gave a
decisive nod. “Alright. Go get her and I will guard Rin here.”

“NO! You’re just a child!”

Ryoko’s deadpanned look should have explained everything. And if not that, then the blood
on her uniform should. But he really thought of her as some weakling genin girl.

“Get your sorry butt back to Konoha and bring Kushina here! I am Ryoko Uchiha and you
should know better than to doubt my clan’s skills. With my genjutsu, not even you will be
able to find me,” that was a bit of a stretch to be fair. Yes, she could hide herself, but Rin…
That chakra is like a single candle in the night. It was a beacon for trouble.

Yet Ryoko took it as a challenge. Kakashi looked back between two girls but eventually
nodded. He leaped away towards Konoha when Ryoko was starting the first hand signs for
her layers of genjutsu.

One. Two. Three. Four for the fun of it. Five for her paranoia. And finally six for the lucky
number. Ryoko leaned closer to the unconscious girl. Looks like her genjutsu was still
working just fine.



The wait was tense. Ryoko reacted to every little sound with a raised kunai. Sometimes a
bone of a fallen enemy would splinter from all the heat that burned the flesh away. That
sound was familiar and actually calmed her down.

Burning bodies always took long in her past life. But it was like a campfire for psychopaths
like herself and her former father. She recalled distant memories with a fond smile. He would
be proud of her. Her father, despite his killing sprees, never harmed a child, only protected
them.

CRUNCH. She snapped her head to the sound in the distance. It was not coming from the
Konoha direction. No, it was a broken branch maybe two hundred feet away. She scrunched
her eyes focusing on the darkness, but there was nothing.

━━━━━━━━━━

Fugaku sat by the table with his eyes closed and arms crossed. His fingers tapped impatiently
on his arm.

“She missed dinner,” Mikoto whispered, returning to the dining room and sitting by his side
with a worried expression on her face.

“Hn.”

“And she never misses dinner.”

“Hn,” that was true and didn’t make it easier on Fugaku. He didn’t recall Ryoko being upset
the past couple of days or angry enough to run off in a tantrum. Yes, she was more closed off
last few months after the news about Obito, but still. It was looking like she coped with the
issue well enough.

“Honey, it’s her birthday tomorrow.”

“Hn,” the present he prepared laid on the empty table.

“Fugaku, please. I am worried.”

“Itachi,” the man called for his son, who did not pretend well enough to be reading a book in
the next room. He could feel both Mikoto and Itachi worried. The boy appeared in the
doorway almost instantly.

“Yes, father?”

“Find your sister. Take Shisui with you,” he ordered as the line between being a father and a
clan head blurred. He strictly pushed back the thoughts of someone possibly attacking his
girl. It was not unheard of.

“Yes,” Itachi bowed before leaving with a shunshin. Fugaku sighed.

“Don’t worry so much, Mikoto, you’ll get wrinkles,” he said more gently to his wife. She
hugged him in response. Of course, the woman was worried - she didn’t know about Ryoko’s



skills. Fugaku could only hope that it was childish antics and nothing more.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko looked around. Her head snapped again to the other side. Two chakra signatures came
into her sensory field. One was cold and staticky. Kakashi. The other was… bright. Big as
life itself. But it also had that same odd powerful and vile chakra coiled in the core.

Interesting.

Two figures appeared in the clearing and only then did Ryoko drop the genjutsu she had
around herself and Rin. Next to the boy stood a tall redhead woman.

“For Kami’s sake!” the woman rushed to their side, probably expecting to see an injury on
Rin.

“Uzumaki-san, some kind of seals were placed on this girl,” Ryoko reported back giving the
redhead some room. The woman glanced at her making a double-take on Ryoko’s hair and
red eyes.

“Ryoko-hime! What are you doing here?” the girl blinked surprised from the first name basis.

“I… was passing by. I noticed odd and dangerous chakra within this girl,” Ryoko carefully
explained. “It actually feels similar to your chakra, Uzumaki-san.”

Alright, maybe Ryoko did manipulate those around her a little bit. She noticed how instantly
the woman’s face paled and all other matters were forgotten. No more questions directed
towards her. All attention fell on Rin. Good.

Ryoko stepped back to give them some space and instinctively started to look around for any
possible enemies. She had this feeling… on the back of her neck. Her former father once
called it a reptile brain. A primal sense of danger. A sense of a predator nearby.

And this feeling appeared way before Kakashi returned with the seal mistress. Ryoko didn’t
blink as she scanned the dark woods.

There!

In a distance she noticed something move. Without saying a word, the girl ran towards it. For
normal people, all instinct would tell to turn around and run the opposite way. It’s good that
she wasn’t normal. She liked the sense of danger. Another challenge to prove herself worthy
of protecting her precious people and comrades.

The feeling of fight escaped her the moment she saw the bushy head of hair. Her legs stopped
and she just stared in that one red eye.

Shit. She messed up. Ryoko felt foreign chakra simmering around her as a genjutsu took
place around her senses. The sky was red with black clouds.



“Obi…” she whispered to the bandaged man in front of her. Suddenly a spear appeared from
nowhere and pierced her into her abdomen. Ryoko coughed, but her mind knew that this all
was fake. “OBI! SNAP OUT OF IT!” she grunted out ignoring the pain.

“Koko?” the whisper reached her when the world got dark. When her eyes opened next,
everything was back to the beginning. Red sky, black clouds, no injuries. Then another spear
appeared and stabbed her to the back. She was so helpless.

“OBI! Are you going to play with me or help Rin instead?” she pushed words over the pain.
It was not real, but it felt real. The power of sharingan was something special. Her eyes
wanted to shut again, but it would all repeat again, so she forced them open.

Her sharingan desperately worked to disperse this odd genjutsu. If only she could… her eyes
met again with his sole visible eye. Ryoko pushed the chakra she had into the act. The world
around them started to shatter. Pieces of it fell like walls of a sandcastle and a calm garden
revealed itself.

It was her home garden. There so many times the two had played before.

“Obi, play with me?” she asked gently as her appearance took her younger self's form. It was
a dirty tactic, to try and appeal to his buried memories. But she had no choice. Something
forced Obito to act the way he did. Something was done to him, while he was missing.

“Ryoko?” the man rasped as if seeing her for the first time.

“Yes! Obi, that’s me, come,” she beckoned him to the shade under a tree. Slowly he followed
her to the ground. She hugged him, weaving her tiny hands into his hair.

“You’re so tired, Obi. Take a nap, okay?” she coed into his ear. The boy relaxed, but she
didn’t disrupt the illusion until his eye fully closed.

Panting hard, Ryoko snapped back to reality. Her eyes hurt from overuse, but at least Obito
was now knocked out on the ground. On shaky legs, she came closer and kneeled next to
him.

“Obi… what happened to you?” she whispered, not daring to touch him yet. The moon was
above them illuminating the ground with silver light. It was late. Very late. Probably over
midnight by now.

“Happy birthday to me,” she smiled. This was a present Ryoko would have never expected to
get. Obito was back. She found him!

“Koko?” the girl heard a voice behind her. She didn’t have to turn around to know that it was
her brother.

“Itachi… I found him!” she said. Her legs felt not as shaky anymore. Ryoko stood up and
looked back. Itachi had a serious expression on his face, while her other cousin looked
completely stunned.

“Obito?... well shit…” Shisui muttered.



What happened next felt like a blur. She recalled Itachi hugging her and asking many
questions. About the cuts and bruises, she had. About the unconscious girl. About Kakashi.
About Obito… She spoke on autopilot feeling the downer from adrenalin finally show its
toll.

“You’re hurt,” Itachi whispered gently brushing blood from her cheek.

“Don’t you know any medical ninjutsu?” she smirked despite her whole body wanting to
faint.

“No…”

“Hn. You should…” she trailed off, as her mouth no longer wanted to cooperate.

Shisui disappeared somewhere with unconscious Obito in a flicker. She didn’t even protest
when Itachi took her into his arms. Ryoko felt tired, her eyes just closed by themselves from
exhaustion. She was safe now. They all were safe.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

"WwMd? - Omakes" Chapter 2 can be read after this one. Link



Chapter 7: A Favor

The first thing Ryoko recognized was the smell. It was a familiar sterile environment. For a
moment she wanted to call out for her daddy, but quickly the memories came back to her.
Shinobi. Blood. Obito.

Right, she was far away from home. She was in her new home now, full of mysterious chakra
and ninja fighting to survive. Carefully her eyes fluttered to adjust to the light. Surprisingly, it
was dim in her room.

“Ryoko?” her eyes darted to the noise. There was a man standing by the window, with his
head illuminated by the moonlight.

“Father,” she greeted Fugaku with a relieved sigh.

“How are you feeling?” he asked, stepping closer to her bed.

Like I had a downer after ten cups of coffee. “Fine. I found Obito,” she recalled.

“Yes, you did,” he hummed.

“Is he… alright?” she had to ask it. The last time the boy stood in front of her, he did not
hesitate to attack her. The bandages also covered most of his body. He had to be injured. Or at
least hit in the head severely.

“He is being watched right now,” there was a tinge of distaste in Fugaku’s voice that made
her wonder what did his words mean.

“Watched as in… interrogated?” the man let out a deep sigh before answering.

“You are too smart for your own good, Ryoko.”

She smirked. That she was, but her father didn’t look like he was sharing her amusement at
the moment.

“Promise me, that you will never do that again.”

“Do… what exactly?”

“Runoff without telling us. Engaging with enemies without a team. Running into danger,” he
sounded angry.

“Father, I am a shinobi now. It is my duty to protect Konoha and my comrades.”

She could swear that Fugaku winced at her words, but his expression said nothing.

“How did you know they were Leaf shinobi? They could have been pretending.”



“I would see through a henge. Besides, they were running away from Kiri nin.”

“Yet, you saw that the girl was dangerous?”

“Yes…”

“How?”

“Her chakra… it was wrong. There was something dark and awful inside of her. I could not
let her near Konoha.”

Fugaku only gave a curt nod accepting her reasoning.

“Rest now, Ryoko. Hokage-sama will want to speak with you in the morning.”

He didn’t have to ask her twice. The girl closed her eyes resting on the fluffy pillows. Sleep
sounded divine and she welcomed it like an old friend.

Just like promised, the next time Ryoko awoke was from a man entering her hospital room.
She looked around. Morning sun shimmered with gentle rays on the walls and floors.

“Good morning, Ryoko-chan,” Hokage said as he settled to stand at the foot of her bed.

“Hokage-sama,” she gave a nod with her head.

“How are you feeling?”

“Fine.”

“That’s good to hear. We were all worried about you when your brother brought you to the
hospital two days ago.”

Two days?? she hardly suppressed her surprise. Well fuck. This was no good. If she will get
knocked out for that long after every fight… Ryoko could only give a nod with her sullen
feelings of self-deprecation circling her mind at the moment.

“So, tell me what exactly happened that night.”

“I wanted to train a bit when I sensed a strong chakra heading towards Konoha.”

“Strange? How so?”

“Mmm, well usually I feel the chakra of people around me. But compared to anyone else… it
could not compare. That chakra felt… bad. And big. And dangerous.”

“Ah, so you are a sensor?”

“I guess so.”

“So if it felt dangerous, why didn’t you alert anyone?”



“It was moving too fast. I thought, that by the time I found someone, it would be too late. I
could not allow anyone to endanger Konoha.”

“That is very admirable of you,” the old man nodded with a gentle smile on his lips. “What
happened then?”

“Well, I am an Uchiha. I know what sharingan can do and it seemed like the best decision - to
incapacitate the target and then call for backup.”

“Hmmm, it didn’t say in your file, that you have unlocked your dojutsu yet?”

Father will not be happy with her telling the secret so openly, but it was her Hokage. The old
man would know, either way, so she had to come clean as vaguely as possible.

“Academy did not present a situation where I would have to activate it,” she shrugged
casually. When in doubt, say less as to not incriminate yourself, that was what Ryoko
believed in.

“I see. So tell me what happened when you encountered Rin-chan?”

“I put her under a sleeping genjutsu. Only then I noticed that she was a Konoha nin. But…
there was something wrong with her.”

“Wrong how?”

“The chakra. Strange ink marks on her skin. I recognized it as some fuinjutsu. From what I
read, seals could be dangerous. At the moment, I was pretty sure that she was a Trojan
horse.”

“A what?”

Shit. Of course, they wouldn’t know Greek history.

“I once read about how civilians built this big horse, they named it Trojan and sent it as a gift
to their enemy. As a sign of goodwill. But actually, inside the horse, an army was hidden and
they attacked the village when the horse was inside its walls. As far as I knew at that
moment, the seal could have made the girl into a bomb or something.”

“Very interesting,” he hummed, but Ryoko wasn’t sure if he really believed in it. “Why did
fuinjutsu scare you that much?”

“Because… I don’t know much about it and if I don’t know about it, it could be anything…”
Ryoko felt a blush creep to her cheeks from admitting her weakness and lack of knowledge.

“Well, caution is a good trait for a shinobi,” Hokage said kindly, probably swayed by her
vulnerability. Ha! The naive fool! But as long as he was of her case, Ryoko would take it.

“So… how is that girl? Rin?”



“She is fine. You made the right call by asking Kakashi-kun to bring a seal master. Konoha is
thankful for your service,” He added with an approving smile. Ryoko nodded. Good. She did
not bring shame to her clan and in the end, that’s what mattered.

“So, Ryoko-chan, what happened next?”

“Well, I was looking around in case there were more enemies. That is when I noticed
something…”

“Obito.”

Ryoko nodded again, casting her eyes down to the white sheets covering her body.

“He looked hurt… And he didn’t recognize me at first. So I placed him under a sleep
genjutsu too... Where is he now?” she felt a painful sting in her heart. Father didn't say much
to calm her worry. Obito just had to be fine... after she just got him back, Ryoko was not
ready to lose him again.

“We are monitoring him. You should not be worried…”

“But I am! He is my cousin!” Ryoko allowed for her feelings to show this one instance as she
looked into the old eyes of Hokage.

“He will be fine. Trust me.”

She did not feel reassured but nodded either way. No point in arguing. She would have to
persuade an easier target to get her answers. Surely, her own father will be more forthcoming
next time they talk.

“Alright, Hokage-sama. When can I go home?” she added calmly emotions securely sealed
back under her mask of indifference.

“Later today, now rest until the doctor comes,” he waved goodbye. Ryoko only nodded once
in response. She had no time to waste in the hospital. If there was one thing she learned from
the encounter, it was that she is miles away from Madara’s level of strength. She needed to be
better. To get stronger, but she could not do it alone. She needed a sensei.

━━━━━━━━━━

A few days later, the Uchiha household received a guest. Ryoko was reading a book in the
living room when a knock disrupted the silence. Face scrunched with annoyance, she walked
to open the door. From the feel of chakra behind it, the person had to be a shinobi.

“Yes?” Ryoko said, looking up at a tall blond man with blue eyes. He had a cheerful smile,
but she really didn’t have time for any disturbances.

“Ah, you must be Ryoko-chan?”

“Yes, the last time I checked,” she answered dryly, the man snickered. Even though his stance
was relaxed and laid back, she could tell that he was strong. Not a genin for sure.



“Is Fugaku-sama home?”

Ryoko’s eyes narrowed with suspicion. Not often some random people dared to step into the
Uchiha compound. Usually, if they wanted her father's attention, they would go to the Police
Station, so this was not official business.

“And you are...?”

“Ah! How rude of me! I am Minato Namikaze,” he smiled even brighter. Too bad that public
records did not have pictures next to the jonins. She would have recognized him sooner. But
the question still remained, what did he want from her father. Ryoko gave a curt nod in
greeting and waved her hand for him to enter.

She led the man to their reception room, that’s how she called it. It was a traditional-style
tatami room, where they would invite guests.

“Please wait here, Minato-san,” Ryoko said before leaving to get her father who was working
in his study. She followed Fugaku back into the tatami room because her curiosity was
stronger than manners. And well, her father did not dismiss her yet, so might as well use the
opportunity.

“Fugaku-sama!” Minato bowed deeply before the clan head. Father nodded in response
taking a seat. Minato followed suit and settled in front of Fugaku, while Ryoko took a spot on
the left side. The right side next to Fugaku was low key, always reserved for the heir of the
clan - her brother.

“How can I help you, Minato-san?”

The blond straightened up and his carefree expression also faded, replaced by the seriousness
of a seasoned shinobi.

“Fugaku-sama, I am here to express my utmost gratitude to your daughter, for saving my
genin team,” he announced and bowed so deep, that his forehead touched the floor.

Oh. That was nice, she thought. Seeing people bow before her, was something Ryoko could
definitely get used to.

“Hn. She did what any shinobi would have done,” Fugaku responded nonchalantly, but his
chest was puffed with pride.

“Still, I will forever be grateful. And if there is ever a time you need a favor, Ryoko-chan,
please ask. I am in your debt.”

“Well, that won’t…” Fugaku started the cordial response, but Ryoko interrupted.

“Yes. I have a favor to ask, Minato-san.”

“Ryoko! Mind your manners,” Fugaku glanced her way, but she was determined. When the
girl wanted something, nothing could stop her, manners be damned!



“That is alright, Fugaku-sama!” Minato smiled, straightening up again. His deep blue eyes
settled on the girl. “How could I be of use to you, Ryoko-chan?”

“Minato-san, you are the student of one of the Legendary Sannin, is that right?” she asked.

“Yes, that’s right,” he nodded, probably still unaware of her intentions. “Jiraiya-sama was my
sensei. Are you looking for a sensei?” he actually guessed it right!

From the moment Ryoko got back from the hospital, she delved straight back into her
research for potential teachers. She needed someone smart and clever, and skillful, and
legendary if she wanted to be a legend herself.

“Yes, actually I am.”

“Well, I could speak with Jiraiya-sama…”

“No, not him.”

Now Minato and Fugaku looked confused for a second showing various degrees of emotion
on their faces.

“Well, I already have a genin team, but I could think of something,” the blond laughed
rubbing the back of his neck sheepishly. Aww, the silly boy thought she wanted him? How
adorable.

“Actually, I have someone else in mind,” Ryoko smiled innocently. Only Fugaku knew that
smile could not mean anything good.

“Who?” her father asked, narrowing his eyes.

“Minato-san,” Ryoko disregarded the question and looked straight into those blue eyes. “I
will not ask you to convince anyone to take me on as a student. I would like your help just in
arranging the meeting itself. I am capable of doing the convincing part myself.”

“Emm, sure? A meeting with who?”

“The other Legendary Sannin. Orochimaru-sama.”

Birds chirped outside, yet you could probably hear a senbon drop on the floor in the
deafening silence of this room. Minato blinked a couple of times processing the information.
Fugaku was quicker to respond.

“Absolutely not!” if it were anyone else, they would bow their head to Fugaku’s commanding
tone. But Ryoko did not fear her father. She only smiled.

“Father, I need someone strong and competent in ninjutsu to be my sensei. He is the best
candidate, believe me, I checked.”

“Are… are you sure about this, Ryoko-chan? Orochimaru-sama is… well, he is.. strickt,”
Minato settled for that word, but every person in the room knew what he actually meant. The



words that could describe the snake sannin would be cruel, vicious, determined. But for
Ryoko only one thing mattered - he was a genius. Twisted? Yes. But still a man of incredible
intellect and strength.

“I am sure.”

“Pft,” Fugaku sighed, probably convincing himself, that Orochimaru would not even take her
as a student.

“Well, alright, Ryoko-chan. I will arrange a meeting for you,” Minato smiled with
determination.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 8: Notice me, Sensei!

Fugaku didn’t speak with Ryoko for a whole week after that. She wasn’t too bothered by that,
although the lack of faith in her and the sannin's skills was concerning. Who did he think she
was? Some easily swayed idiot? Far from it. She wasn’t deaf either.

Ryoko caught her fair share of rumors about the snake, but they all were just more reasons
why he would be the perfect teacher for her. Strong. Intelligent. People, shinobi and civilians
alike, all share their fearful respect for the sannin.

That is what she wanted, besides other agenda that circled her mind...

Minato has not returned to her yet about a meeting being set, that gave Ryoko enough time to
devise her strategy. Like always, when she devised her plots, the girl ended up across the
head of the Nara clan with a shogi board between them.

“Kid, you’re not in it today,” the lazy man commented after she lost another game. Ryoko
exhaled, suppressing her frustration visibly - losing was her strategy. She wanted to place
Shikaku under a false sense of security. So she had to act out the part of being annoyed and
distracted.

“Yeah yeah, old man. Ah, maybe I am. Let’s make the game more interesting maybe?” she
set the bait and waited leisurely as both of them set the board again for the next game.

“Sure, what do you have in mind?”

“Well, if I lose this next game, I will owe you a favor.”

“Alright, I’m listening. And if by a miracle you win?” he smirked fully confident in his skills.
He was clearly not aware that Ryoko binge-read a whole section on shogi strategies the past
four days from boredom.

“Well, if I win, then you would assign me as a team lead if at any point such opportunity
arises.”

The man blinked, but quickly his eyes narrowed with suspicion.

“Why would you need me to do that?” Ryoko exhaled deeply before answering. Eyes
downcast, faking shyness.

“You are the jonin commander. And… I know I will go up the ranks fast, but… even if my
rank will be enough, I know that no one will give me a chance to lead a team because of my
age… and because I am a girl...”

“Ahh. I see, sure, kido. But you have to win first,” he smiled, kidney falling right into her
trap. Of course, neither of them knew when such an opportunity would happen. Only Ryoko
predicted that it would have to happen soon due to the war that was going on. Sooner or later



she will be sent out to the trenches just like any other capable shinobi. And she was fuckin
capable.

She won the game.

Shikaku was scratching his chin with confused expressions analyzing the board.

“You’re… you’re a little devil,” he finally sighed.

“Nice doing business with you, Shikaku-sama,” she smiled sweetly and bowed for once
before she left. He waved Ryoko off, undoubtedly thinking of strategies in hindsight.

Adults were so easily extorted, that it was not even funny anymore. Ryoko could only hope
that Orochimaru would be a bigger challenge.

━━━━━━━━━━

Orochimaru was annoyed. That damn pervert's pupil dared to distract him in the midst of an
enemy corpse autopsy. He wanted a meeting for some reason, and just to get rid of him, the
snake agreed.

To his surprise, it was not Minato’s chakra that approached his morgue door. There was a
knock. Maybe a chunin was sent with a message, he thought, making a deep incision on the
cadaver's chest.

“Enter,” he made a sound that should be enough for a shinobi to hear. The door opened
behind him. The sound of small feet reached his ears. “What isss it?” he urged not even
looking the way of the messenger.

“Good evening, Orochimaru-sama. I am Ryoko Uchiha. Minato-san arranged this meeting for
me,” a girly voice said, far calmer than sannin was used to hearing from small children.

He glanced over his shoulder and indeed there stood a little Uchiha girl. You could not
mistake the clan resemblance due to the spiky dark hair, deep eyes, and a serious expression.
It looked pretty amusing to see such a face on the little child.

“What do you want, child? I am busssssy,” he said, turning back to his target. Small feet
tapped again as she took place on the other side of the table, her head barely peeking over the
edge.

“Teach me. I want you to be my sensei, Orochimaru-sama,” the girl had the audacity,
Orochimaru had to give it to her. His golden eyes snapped at the girl narrowing only slightly
while his lips sneered into a smirk.

“Youuu? Did Hiruzen sensssei send you?” that was the only logical explanation. His old
sensei was bickering for him to take on a student again.

“No.”



Orochimaru blinked. That’s it? So childish, he thought, going back to slice up the former
shinobi.

“No,” he replied calmly, mirroring the little girl's tone.

“Orochimaru-sama. You are the only person fit to teach me. You are intelligent and strong.
You are also incredibly creative with ninjutsu and that is what I want to learn from you.”

“You’re an Uchiha, you’ll learn ninjutsu with your fancy eyessss,” he said with mirth.

“No! I don’t want to simply learn ninjutsu. I want to create my own. Sharingan is only a tool
and I refuse to use it as some crutch. I am better than that,” she was bold and for the first
time, Orochimaru heard any Uchiha speak this way. To disregard their sharingan? This was
something new.

“Hand me a number 12 scalpel,” he ordered, wanting to test the girl further. She was…
interesting. Detached, calm, and determined. There was passion in her words. Her whole
demeanor was something you don’t usually see in kids. Normal kids, that is.

To his surprise, the girl didn’t hesitate to follow his command. She took the right blade and
dragged a chair to stand on, so now Ryoko had a better view over the dead body. Casually,
like they were preparing dinner, she just handed him the blade over the open chest, not
affected by the gore. Interesting.

“Youuuuu do it,” he smiled nodding towards the body between them. She didn’t even blink,
only nodded.

“Cause of death or abnormalities?”

Orochimaru would have paused if he were someone else.

“Both,” he suggested watching her actions without blinking. He was always adamant about
taking care of young genin, but he was even more curious at the end of the day. Now, this
little girl managed to pique his interest and he could not resist pushing her forward into the
bloody mess he himself thrived in.

“Hmm, poor bastard, would probably have died of lung cancer, but it was a senbon to the
heart that killed him,” Ryoko deducted after carefully slicing into the body. Orochimaru
nodded slowly. Yes, that was correct, to his surprise.

“Whoooo taught you that?” the snake asked.

“No one. I like reading books. All kinds of books,” she smiled at him for a second, and that
expression was very eery on the little girl.

He liked it. There was something familiar in the way she talked and acted. Something that
reminded him… of himself. The girl was clearly smart. Or maybe stupid for her lack of fear.

“Hmmm, I do not ssssee how your clan would approve of this arranggggement,” Orochimaru
remarked while the girl kept slicing in search of hidden mysteries in this dead shinobi’s body.



Completely casual.

“Well, my father does not believe I would be able to convince you, Orochimaru-sama. But
honestly, you are the only one I want teaching me.”

Ryoko was obviously sweet-talking him, but she wasn’t wrong. He was a sannin after all. He
was considered a genius among peers. But he was also disregarded by many clans as a pariah
of the village.

“And your father would be…?”

“Fugaku Uchiha.”

Orochimaru blinked. Interessssting. To teach a clan head's child… that was something
different. It would give him power and leverage over the clan head. Of course, Orochimaru
would prefer to teach the heir instead, but… The girl came to him on her own volition. He
really could not see how anyone would have otherwise convinced Fugaku to allow this.

“Have you killllled before?” he asked.

“Obviously, I am a shinobi,” she said without pause.

“Alright. Let us spar. I will test your skills and see if you are worthy to be taught anything,”
he snarled dismissively, but his perceptive eyes noticed the genuine smile and sparkle that
appeared in the girl's eyes.

“Yes! Orochimaru-sensei!” she was beaming at him annoyingly, but he will enjoy crushing
the kid with a dose of reality. She barked on the wrong tree.

━━━━━━━━━━

Okay, Orochimaru was mildly impressed. As expected, Ryoko was nowhere near his skills,
but her chakra reserves seemed endless. He noted that the girl suppressed her chakra at all
times, but no matter how many ninjutsu she used in their spar, her level of chakra did not
decrease.

At first, she didn’t even use her sharingan, but eventually, he pushed her into it. Red eyes
tracked him with experience, so she really has been training and killing, he mused. Each of
her attacks were precise and with intent to kill. He would not accept anything else, honestly.

In the end, it was her stamina that lost her the fight. The girl could barely stand, she was
mildly bruised and scraped. But she was standing.

“Enough,” he waved her off nonchalantly, ignoring the singed sleeve of his shirt. Ryoko did
manage to get him that one time. Barely. But she did.

Unintentionally, his mind already devised a regiment to increase her stamina, speed, and
reaction time. She was like a new shiny toy he wanted to play with.



“Yes… Orochimaru-sensei,” the girl sighed, lowering her hands from the fighting stance. He
scoffed at the title but didn’t correct her. After all, he didn’t agree to this arrangement yet.

“So, what is your goal, girrrl?”

“I want to become strong.”

“That’s it?” he sneered, not impressed.

“I want to be as strong as Madara-sama.”

Out of all the shinobi from the legends, she had to choose him? Well, when you think about
it, it probably was not that strange. She was an Uchiha, but from Orochimaru’s experience,
even her clan did not favor their predecessor that much.

“He is infamous. Why would youuuu want to be like himmmm?”

“Because… he's a badass?”

“Badass?” he raised one delicate eyebrow.

“Yup,” that innocent smile of hers was ominous. Orochimaru found that he liked it. Maybe
for others, it would be strange to see a child act this way. But the sannin saw nothing odd.
She had that sense of darkness around her. The aura, that he suspected, was usually carefully
hidden. But now it was out in the open. Only for him to see.

Interesting. She had promise. She had determination. She could be a good specimen to see
just how far the sharingan could be pushed… Danzo did suggest to him before an opportunity
to experiment on sharingan. But if he could get his hands on this girl… then he would not
have to make the deal with the devil himself. Orochimaru smiled in the same unsettling
manner.

“Fine. I will teachhhh you. But I do not accept failure.”

“Yes, Sensei!”

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 9: Goals

“Come in,” Hiruzen sighed after a polite knock was made on his office door. He could tell by
chakra alone, that behind the door was his former student. Part of him dreaded considering
what request did Orochimaru have this time. His ideas most of the time were… questionale.

“Sensei,” the tall pale jonin greeted, not taking the usual seat. So maybe it would be a short
conversation?

“Orochimaru,” he nodded with a puff from his pipe. “What brings you here so early?”

“I took on a student. That’ssssss it. Okay, bye,” the sannin was about to leave when Hiruzen
finally mustered a response.

“A student? As in a person to teach?” he asked skeptically. For years he tried to push a genin
team on him, but after the incident with Nawaki, Orochimaru would not even consider his
proposals.

“Yes. A genin,” Orochimaru shrugged nonchalantly and again turned to leave.

“Wait,” Hokage exhaled with mild frustration. Something was telling him that this is going to
be a headache. “Who? If it is a genin, I have to take them off the list for team assignment.”

“Uchiha. Ryoko Uchiha,” Orochimaru’s expression was unreadable, but the name itself spoke
louder than words. Hiruzen took a couple of calming breaths before speaking.

“Orochimaru, please tell me I misheard you. Because I could swear that you said the name of
Ryoko Uchiha. Daughter of Fugaku Uchiha. The clan head of Uchiha. An eight-year-old girl
that was just released from the academy after early graduation.”

“You heard me right,” the sannin deadpanned with his arms crossed elegantly over his chest.
He obviously was not seeing the political nightmare of this idea. Hiruzen inhaled once more
from his pipe.

“Don’t get me wrong, Orochimaru. I am glad you are taking another thought about being a
sensei… I was actually about to suggest this other girl that just graduated Anko Mitarashi. I
think she would be more suited…”

“There issss no need,” Orochimaru only waved his hand dismissively. The boy always had an
attitude, but that might be only caused by their affiliation as sensei and student. At least
Hiruzen hoped that it was the case. To think that the sannin would act this way with other
Hokage, was not something he wanted to think about.

“Why did you pick her?” instead Hiruzen tried to piece the puzzle behind this mysterious
development.

“I didn’t. Sssshe came to me,” even Orochimaru couldn’t hide the smugness in his voice.



“I see. Well, I wish you luck. She’s a bright kid.”

“Mhm, I am awarrrre,” Orochimaru nodded and then finally left. It’s not like Hiruzen could
stop his student when he set his mind on something. Or someone. Now, the hard part would
be to discuss this with Fugaku.

Hiruzen exhaled, rubbing his temples. Maybe he could just ignore it? What’s the worst that
could happen?

Right.

A furious Uchiha, head of police, having a tantrum. That did not sound appealing. Weighing
the two possibilities, Hiruzen finally decided to fall on his sword. Might as well get it over
with. He called for an ANBU agent to summon the Uchiha clan head into his office.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko stopped by the hospital, to heal her minor injuries before going home. She would not
have her father the satisfaction of seeing her beat up. As she waited in the hallway for a
nurse, the girl looked around with a frown and arms crossed over her chest. The trademark
Madara stance.

The hospital was buzzing. Civilians and shinobi came in and out with various degrees of
urgency. She couldn’t understand why there were no Uchiha among medics. Their sharingan
would be priceless in such a place.

As that thought circled her mind, a dark head of hair turned from a corner. Their eyes met,
both widening from the realization.

“Brother?” she raised an eyebrow. He didn’t look injured. No, he actually looked like he was
walking with a purpose. And a clipboard. And a badge around his neck.

“Koko! What are you doing here? Are you hurt?” he quickly approached scanning her
disheveled appearance.

“Just a spar,” Ryoko brushed it off. “What are you doing here?”

The tiniest of blushes spread across his cheeks. Itachi was always adorable, even more so
now, while caught doing something he probably wasn't supposed to.

“...internship…” he mumbled a response.

“Good, heal me then!” Ryoko smiled brightly extending her injured hand. There was
hesitation, but eventually, Itachi took her into one of the rooms. Another medic joined them,
for supervision, she guessed.

“You never get this injured,” Itachi remarked quietly, while his hands started to glow green.

“Found a good opponent.”



“Hn.”

“Sooo, does father know?”

“No.”

“Hn.”

The room fell into a comfortable silence. She guessed that much already. Otherwise, Itachi
probably would have talked about his internship at home. But he didn’t.

“I got a sensei. Father doesn’t know that either,” she casually dropped the little news.

“Hn. Aren’t you gonna ask why I joined a medical internship?”

“Nop. You are smart, so it was a matter of time before you realized the obscene benefit of
knowing medical ninjutsu.”

“Hn.”

“Hmmm, you’re good at it too,” Ryoko smiled again looking at her once again intact skin
without any bruises or scratches left on it.

“It was you. You were surprised I didn’t know any medical jutsu back then…”

“Ah, right,” she vaguely recalled her own ramblings from the night in the forest.

“I was planning on telling you, but…”

“But, you are an heir and father would not approve without some arm twisting,” she finished
for him. Itachi graced her with a small smile. Clan politics were something both of them were
painfully familiar with.

“Hn.”

“Soooo, we can tell father together about our… decisions. I bet he will be more upset with
me than you,” Ryoko smiled mischievously.

“What did you do?”

“Oh, let’s not spoil the surprise,” Ryoko giggled, hopping off the bed where she was seated
for the healing session. “See you back home, brother,” a tight hug and she was gone.

Maybe she should tell mother first, so everyone would be prepared for Fugaku’s meltdown?

━━━━━━━━━━

“Ah, Fugaku-san, good that you could stop by so promptly,” Hiruzen exhaled with a small
smile as the clan head entered the office. Fugaku had a strong gut feeling that this meeting
was urgent, that is why he came by as quickly as he could.



If the Hokage called for him with an ANBU agent, this had to be serious. Either concerning
the war or… his children.

“Hokage-sama,” the man gave a polite nod stopping in front of the wide oak desk.

“Sooo,” Hiruzen inhaled smoke and continued, “First, I would like to congratulate you.
Again. Ryoko-chan much like Itachi-kun shows great potential.”

He cursed in his mind. Of course, it had to be his children. Fugaku could swear that one of
these days, it will be the death of him. Not an enemy shinobi, but his own children.

“Yes, Hokage-sama. I am blessed,” he answered with just the slightest strain in his voice.

“My student, Orochimaru, will be taking Ryoko-chan as a student. It is a great honor to be
taught by one of the three legendary sannin.”

Fugaku could feel the blood drain from his body. When he first heard of Ryoko’s request, he
didn’t believe she could actually do it… But he was naive in thinking that anything could
stop his little girl. He should know better by now…

“I see,” Fugaku whispered, carefully suppressing any emotion and even chakra that tried to
stir in his belly. “I will make sure to thank Minato-san, for helping out in arranging this.”

“Minato?” Hiruzen looked surprised.

“Oh yes. Namikaze so graciously offered to arrange a meeting for Ryoko with Orochimaru-
san.”

“I see.”

The silence was tense as both men thought of ways to talk with Minato about his acts of
kindness in the future. Hiruzen probably thought that his next words would help to lighten the
mood… oh, how wrong he was.

“While we’re at it, Fugaku-san, it is very great that you allowed Itachi-kun to take an
internship at the hospital. Tsunade has pestered me for years, that we should have more active
shinobi who know medical ninjutsu. From what I hear, he has great talent. I am sure his skills
of healing will aid him in a battle and his comrades.”

That’s it. It was a genjutsu, Fugaku thought but suppressed the urge to try and dispel it.
Obviously, with his sharingan no one could place a genjutsu on him this… realistic.

“Right,” that was all that Fugaku mustered to reply.

“Also, if I might suggest, if more of your clansmen take this opportunity to learn to heal, we
could fund research to look into the solution for sharingan's effect on the wielder's eyes.”

“I… will raise this question with our council,” Fugaku said feeling like the world really was
going into a haze. He couldn’t recall the end of the meeting. The next moment he blinked, the
man was already standing in front of the Uchiha compound gates.



He tried to dispel a genjutsu only once before entering. Obviously, nothing happened. The
man inhaled deeply and went inside.

━━━━━━━━━━

The dinner at Uchiha clan head house was eerily quiet. Itachi shared conspiratory glances
with Ryoko. It was about time. They decided to break the news before dessert.

“Father, I have joined the medical internship at Konoha’s hospital,” Itachi announced, ripping
a bandage off. Fugaku didn’t even blink to both of his children's surprise.

“Oh, and Orochimaru-sama agreed to be my sensei,” Ryoko said, far more cheerful, making
Mikoto and Itachi stare at her with wide eyes. Yes, she eventually decided against warning
her mother about everything.

Fugaku exhaled as he reached for his teacup. Stern eyes looked from Itachi to Ryoko.

“Itachi, Ryoko, do you understand how your actions could reflect on the clan?” while her
brother bowed his head slightly, Ryoko was not intimidated by the veiled threat.

“Yes, father! Itachi will prove to everyone that Uchiha can do anything and everything better
than Senju. Hashirama-sama was a healer too. And one of the sannin, Senju, is also a healer. I
bet Itachi will be a legend just like them.”

Now that left everyone speechless. Itachi hesitantly raised his eyes to stare at her with what
seemed to be gratitude and warmth in his gaze. Mikoto kept silent absorbing information,
while Fugaku’s expression scrunched. He was looking for a fault in her reasoning.

“So why don’t you join medics too, Ryoko?” Fugaku snapped, making her pout.

“I wish… Sensei said that my chakra is too… flamboyant for the delicate work healing
requires,” yes, she was still bitter about it. Orochimaru refused to teach her healing after their
spar. Actually, his words were more like ‘don’t get hit the next time’. Semantics.

“Yes, father, great chakra control is needed for medical ninjutsu,” Itachi offered gently.

“Talking about your sensei, Ryoko. Why, would you pick him? And I know that it is not
about intelligence alone. Otherwise, you would have asked for a Nara,” Fugaku’s full
attention was on her. Ryoko carefully placed her chopsticks down and straightened up.

“Father, I was thinking about what I want to do as a shinobi,” she started keeping intense eye
contact. “Itachi will take over the clan eventually and I will always support him,” she smiled
at her brother for a second, then her eyes returned to Fugaku. “Yet it left me thinking, what I
will become.”

“And?” her father asked impatiently.

“Father, I will become the next Hokage. The first of Uchiha. It is our rightful place as one of
the founder clans. It is long overdue.”



There was silence. It looked like Fugaku’s anger melted, but she could not decipher what he
was thinking from the blank face he made.

“And… what does it have to do with Orochimaru of all people?” he finally asked.

“Everything. Second Hokage was First's brother. Third Hokage was Second's student. The
next will probably be Minato-san as he is the student of Third's student. So the one after
Minato will have to be another student connected to former Hokage. Or… would you prefer
me to learn under Jiraiya the Toad sannin?” she curved her eyebrow with a cheeky smile.
Everyone, even her, knew what a pervert that one was.

“Hn,” that is when Ryoko knew that her father conceded. As she predicted, Itachi’s news was
overlooked. That was inevitable when a sannin is mentioned in a conversation.

“I will support you in your goal,” Itachi smiled at her. There was never even a tinge of rivalry
between them. Maybe it was Ryoko’s ‘easy-going nature’ or maybe it was her wisdom to
think better than rival her brother over such a thing as a position of a clan head.

No, she wanted to rule everyone. She wanted to be the first female Hokage. She wanted to be
the first Uchiha Hokage. People will bow to her one day, she was sure of it. That’s what
Madara would have done in her position, Ryoko was sure of it.

From all the books she read, there was nothing more important than a sibling bond between
the Uchiha. Madara would never cross his brother if the roles were reversed. And honestly,
she wouldn’t want to cause trouble for Itachi. He could be the political one, while she would
be his right hand and the one to do what has to be done. Even if that meant taking over as the
Hokage to support him.

Fugaku dismissed them shortly after. There was no yelling or smashing of plates. She was
pleasantly surprised by the level of control her dear father had over his emotions. At the end
of the day, he was a smart and reasonable man. He could not deny her reasoning. The council
of the clan might comment something, but they were nothing but old sacks of meat nearing
their expiration date. They would not stop her.

━━━━━━━━━━

As predicted, the clan council had a word or two to say about the young genius Uchiha and
their choices. Fugaku took all the comments in silence. He didn’t argue or agree either. He
was actually still recovering from his little girl's declaration.

On one hand, it warmed his heart. She was an embodiment of a strong and prideful Uchiha.
She was wise beyond her age. But she was also his little girl. The thought of her sensei being
the infamous snake sannin was concerning.

“Mikoto, let’s not have any more children,” he said to his wife one evening after finishing
sake in his cup. “I don’t think I could handle another one…”

Mikoto snickered, cuddling to his side.



“It’s your own fault, Fugaku, for being so irresistible.”

He groaned but did not correct her. Often than not, it was he who could not resist her.
Devilish woman. And their children were surely her spawns.

“Fu-ga-ku. Itachi and Ryoko are out on missions,” she whispered to his ear.

“Devil, woman, you are the devil,” he inhaled deeply her ravishing scent.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 10: From 8 to 9

Ryoko liked living in Konoha. In this age of shinobi, where killing was a profession. A well-
paid job even. One thing she did miss - the music. There was a lot she could give to have her
iPods right now with some rap blasting full force.

“...Play with my pussy, but don't play with my 'motions. If you spend some money, then
maybe I just might fuck ya…” she hummed lyrics under her breath while painting a fence.
Thankfully, no shinobi was nearby to hear her adult language. That might raise some
questions.

The girl smirked. She could not wait to be old enough and ‘enlighten’ shinobi around her
with the ‘wisdom’ from her past. The dirty dancing she used to do in the clubs. The nasty
jokes, she always had to hold back now. Teenage years would be fun, she mused.

“All done,” finally Ryoko reported to the owner of the fence. This was a D rank mission
sensei gave her. To do alone. Actually, he dropped about a dozen missions on her head.
Talking something about formalities, before they can do more fun activities.

Ryoko got a sense that Orochimaru was still testing her. Her patience for one. But he wasn’t
that bad. Whenever she had training-related questions, he would provide an answer. That’s
putting it lightly. The man was a walking book!

He would go on and on about the smallest details until all intricacies were explained. She
soaked in the knowledge like a sponge. Rules and tips on meditation. Rules on developing a
jutsu. He was even pleased to know that her chakra nature was not only fire but lightning as
well.

They would also spar in the evening, but he never went what she would consider overboard.
Ryoko would fight even if she couldn’t put her hands up anymore, but sensei would say that
such a state of hers was not worth his time. His coldness and nonchalance were clearly
disguising his common sense.

Why was he pretending to be cruel, when actually he had a soft spot, Ryoko didn’t know. But
she learned to see through it. Her gratitude was shown by in return helping Orochimaru with
his research.

The girl knew a thing or two about medicine and anatomy, from her past, to put it lightly. Of
course, she hid it well by providing only small doses of knowledge. She would ask the right
questions, which eventually led the sannin to the answer. And if his ego was brushed along
the way, by him feeling like he solved the issue by himself, Ryoko didn’t mind.

━━━━━━━━━━

After a few weeks of small missions, the day had finally come - C rank mission, baby! Ryoko
was excited to leave the village for the first time. She didn’t even mind not taking any ‘days
off’ in the time Orochimaru became her sensei.



The guards by the gates looked suspicious letting her go alone with Orochimaru, but they
didn’t comment. The perks of being a sannin were enough to compensate for this being not
the standard four-man team.

The two of them traveled fast over the trees. It was a simple task of message delivery to the
border and back. The war was taking more and more shinobi to fight. Unfortunately, this
mission was not eventful.

So was the next mission. And the next. They were doing only C rank missions from then on.
Small breaks in between. Some more training.

She could swear that Orochimaru got excited every time she brought a new idea for a jutsu.

“Sensei, how can one redirect lightning?”

“You can’t.”

“What about… well when you generate lightning chakra? But just do it in reverse? Take
lightning chakra, guide it through your body and then release?”

“You would die,” he said flatly, but she could see the gears in his head starting to turn.

“Bullshit. There has to be a way. You probably wouldn’t guide it through vital organs like a
heart or brain…” she carefully plastered on a thinking mask.

“Obbbbviousssly. But… a stomach could theoretically work…” he thought aloud and she
almost saw a moment when a light bulb flickered on above the man’s head.

“Cool! Zap me! I’ll try it!” she smiled cheerfully extending her arm. She tried practicing it on
herself, but it was difficult. And Ryoko had no urge to stand in the rain waiting for lightning
to strike her.

She wasn’t the biggest fan of fiction and superhero movies, back in her old life, but she had
seen a few. They all proved to have more than plenty of ideas to choose from for her ninjutsu
creations.

There was one thing she desperately wanted to try out. Sensei said it would require too much
chakra, but she insisted… After all, each shinobi had a signature ex-Machina jutsu. She had
just the perfect idea in mind for her own killer technique.

As she added more and more features to the thing, the number of hand seals to create it
quickly got out of hand.

“You are not testing out that jutsu inside the village,” Orochimaru sighed when she asked
again to practice her devilish creation.

“But seeeeenseeeei! I have to try it out! How else will I know if it works?” puppy eyes didn’t
work on the snake, like on other adults. What did sway him, was the natural process of
creation. Idea. Math. Trial & error. Testing was a crucial part and eventually, he agreed.



They traveled to the far end of the Land of Fire, where snowy mountains surrounded them
from all directions. They didn’t want any casualties or damage.

It took a week of camping in a nearby cave until the jutsu worked out. Orochimaru stared at
the devastated landscape in front of him.

“Huh. Well… that wassss something,” he mused.

“I think… I will throw up,” Ryoko swayed on her feet from exhaustion. This jutsu really did
take a good chunk of her chakra, but it was… magnificent. A true weapon of mass
destruction. She would make the world burn! Right after she gets some rest.

Her knees buckled and her sight darkened, but she didn’t feel the impact with the ground.
Instead, her head rested on something silky smooth.

“Reckless child,” Orochimaru whispered, hooking his arms over her knees, while the girl
fully fainted on his back. She didn’t see his fond smile.

━━━━━━━━━━

Teaching was not how Orochimaru imagined it. The girl refused to give up or give in. Any
task was done to perfection as many times as he asked. She was a top student if he could say
so himself. Always diligent, listening, and thinking. Too much, to his liking.

If at first, the snake planned to break her, now he was not so sure if that would be possible.
The girl wasn’t naive. Despite being obedient, she would challenge his ideas and thoughts.
Like an… equal! Ha! But… she was skilled, he could not deny it.

Working with Ryoko was refreshing. She was like a breath of fresh air. It looked like her
mind worked differently. Just like his mind. She had absurd ideas… but they worked! So who
was he to question her way of breaking decade-old shinobi traditions and expectations on
ninjutsu?

If he was to be frank with himself, Orochimaru would admit that he learned from the girl as
much as he taught her. She had a natural knack for medicine too. It might not be that odd,
considering that her brother was making waves at the hospital with his own genius skills.

On the other hand, the girl had no reservations in criticizing his work! It didn’t look like she
was disturbed by anything, but the way she thought about the future… about what his work
would have to deal with from the higher-ups… Quickly, she would make a case that the
trouble was not worth the results. Often than not, Orochimaru had to agree.

He already scrapped many experiments because of her reasoning or because the girl would
suggest a more effective way to achieve what he wanted. A genius. She was a bloody genius.
He would curse her if he didn’t find needing her opinion more and more each passing day.

Orochimaru would catch himself thinking ‘what would Ryoko do in his place?’. The answer
was always the same - think outside the box. Take another angle. Find a loophole. It was
infuriating, but also very productive.



Finally, he pestered Hiruzen enough to give them a B rank mission. It took a couple of
months convincing, but he knew how his old sensei worked. And now Orochimaru and his
student traveled to the far Land of Frost.

The mission was to steal a scroll and leave undetected. That is why such an untraditional
two-person team worked so well. Nobody would suspect a man with a child to be up to
something. Most missions during wartime had bigger teams on them for security.

“Alright, we will take a break herrrre. A snowstorm issss comming,” Orochimaru announced
as they stopped on a snowy ledge of a small cave.

“Ye-ye-yes, sensei,” the girl stuttered. Orochimaru glanced back. She was shivering! Now
that’s a first. And she didn't even complain once. Of course, the climate of these lands was
harsh, but he barely noticed the cold anymore.

“Why are you not using chakra to circulate your blood fasssster?” he chastised the little girl.
The tip of her nose was red and the unruly ends of her hair looked frosty.

“I-I-I have never d-d-done that before,” she answered with rattling teeth. He exhaled. Right.
Previous times in cold, the girl would do the oddest thing - she would breathe fire to warm
herself. She called it her fire breath.

Now, however, they could not risk using any flames, as they would attract unwanted
attention. And the girl knew it. So she used brute force of her will to keep going.

Orochimaru exhaled sharply. The kid would be the death of him. There is no telling what
sensei would do if he let the little Uchiha freeze to death.

“Come,” he beckoned the girl as he unsealed a bedroll and a blanket. With his back to the
cave wall, Orochimaru sat down on the bedroll and motioned for the girl to come closer. She
didn’t hesitate. Orochimaru long ago stopped being surprised by the lack of intimidation he
had on the girl.

Ryoko again proved her intelligence, by knowing what he wanted without him having to say
it. She took a seat in front of him, her back resting on his chest.

“Reckless, girl. You could have frozzzzen to death,” he sighed wrapping a blanket over the
both of them. Under it, one of his hands held a kunai for protection, the other wrapped around
the shivering girl. She was cold as an icicle.

“I-I ha-hate cold,” she shivered violently in his grasp.

The girl scooted even closer to his flack vest and he hugged her that much tighter. It was his
precious student after all, and he could not let any harm fall upon her.

As they sat like this sharing the warmth and watching the snowfall starting to pick up into a
full-blown storm, Orochimaru couldn’t help but feel something odd in his gut. Something
warm… It was a weird sensation and it could only be attributed to the girl he was watching
over.



“Sleep,” he ordered after a while and she obeyed. He felt her pulse slow down. And that felt
nice. The feeling of her being so calm next to him… that was nice. Orochimaru slowly
realized that he wanted to protect the girl not only from harm. To protect her from cold. To
watch over her while she slept. To protect her from the whole world.

Ryoko felt like a fragile glass doll in his grasp. When did I get so attached? he mused looking
over her black head of hair. She had stopped shivering and that alone made him feel relieved.
His heart felt almost as warm as this little body in his embrace.

In the beginning, Ryoko was nothing but another possible experiment. Her eyes were what
got his attention, but it was her soul that changed his perception completely. She was too
much like him, to do anything… harmful to her. No, he would not let her die. Orochimaru
decided to make her strong, just like him.

He wanted her to survive this harsh world. He wanted to protect her not only from death but
the pain as well. Noone, who knew the girl, would call Ryoko Uchiha fragile. But
Orochimaru knew people like her. He was like her.

Strong and conniving, but… some things hurt more than a flesh wound. The loneliness he felt
over decades was like the worst kind of torture. He didn’t notice it before as the man learned
to push such thoughts aside and bury himself in work. Only after spending time with the girl,
did the sannin realize how much he missed human contact and attention.

Ryoko was always open and straight with him. She felt comfortable around him. Her
darkness didn’t bother him, just like his own darkness didn’t bother her. They were the same.

Orochimaru exhaled, closing his eyes for a second. So help him Kami if anyone dares to
harm his little protege.

━━━━━━━━━━

The mission was a success as expected. Ryoko never wanted to travel to the North again.
Fuck snow and cold. Sensei at least taught her how to enhance her senses with chakra after
that mission, although she preferred her fire breath.

And she was now fully convinced that beneath the scaly exterior, Orochimaru was a big
softy. He outright refused for her to stay in the cold for too long when he learned about her
lack of skill to warm up with chakra.

When she returned home, once again unharmed by her sensei, to her father's surprise, there
was big news waiting for her.

“Itachi! You’re soooo lucky!” she engulfed her brother in a tight hug. His team was actually
going to participate in the chunin exams in a month.

“Thank you, Koko,” he smiled softly at her. Itachi was already ten years old and probably
one of the youngest ever participants of chunin exams. While Ryoko herself only recently
turned nine, she had a long road ahead of her before climbing the ranks.



“You too, Shisui,” Ryoko engulfed her cousin in a similar embrace.

“Awww, I already thought you forgot about me, hime,” the boy ruffled her hair playfully and
she could feel his chakra circling happily deep inside of the smiling boy.

“How was your mission?” Itachi asked as the three of them took refuge in the shade of a big
tree in their garden.

“Smooth. Sensei was very efficient, but he was not pleased that I didn’t know how to circle
my chakra for warmth,” she frowned, crossing her arms over her chest.

“You’ll get wrinkles, hime,” Shisui laughed, poking her in the forehead. She rubbed the spot
with a deeper frown on her face.

“Yeah yeah… Honestly, Sensei is such a dotting worrier, that he could be worse than mother
sometimes,” Ryoko exhaled.

“...”

“Are you still talking about Orochimaru-sama?” Itachi asked carefully while Shisui was still
speechless.

“Hn. I swear, he doesn’t even spar with me to the full extent so I wouldn’t fall from
exhaustion or something.”

“That’s good isn’t it?” Itachi tried his best to understand her ranting, but his puzzled
expression gave away that he couldn’t understand why she was unhappy.

“Honestly, I didn’t expect him to be such a softy…” she puffed her cheeks and sighed. Maybe
Ryoko was just fucked up, but she honestly didn’t feel like Orochimaru was pushing her hard
enough. Some people would probably disagree with her if only they knew the extent of their
training.

“Orochimaru-sama… is soft? Did you hit your head, hime?” Shisui blinked and then poked
Itachi to the side. “Oy, examine her, I think your sister has a concussion.”

Itachi nodded in response with a serious expression. His hands started to glow green without
even using any hand signs. Ryoko would have fled this forceful examination if they were
only two of them. With Shisui, however, Ryoko had no chance for an escape. Her dear cousin
was already getting famous for his speed and flickering skills.

“No concussion or other brain injury,” Itachi deducted pulling his hands away.

“Obviously,” Ryoko pouted harder.

“Koko, there’s another thing that happened while you were away…” Itachi started and his
words got her attention quicker than Shisui could shunshin.

“Hn?”



“Obito was cleared. He is in the hospital now to finish the rehabilitation for his injuries.”

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 11: Chunin Exams

Ryoko rushed to the hospital like her life depended on it. She skipped through the nurses and
went straight to the room Itachi gave her. Without pause, the girl barged in and ran up to the
bed by the window, ignoring anyone else present.

“OBI!” she yelled out fixated on the familiar unruly hair. One eye was looking at her, the rest
of his face was covered in bandages.

“Cousin…” he whispered with a sad smile. Ryoko smiled back at him and carefully
approached.

“Can… I hug you?” she asked eyes tracing even more bandages peeking out from his
hospital robe.

“Come here, princess,” the boy only said, opening up his arms. Ryoko didn’t hesitate to
embrace him. She wasn’t the kind of person to hold a grudge over someone who was not in
their right mind while torturing her.

They hugged in silence for a while until Ryoko’s attention was taken by a minuscule noise in
the far back of the room. She glanced over her shoulder to see a tiny person with a white
porcelain mask standing there. Her eyes narrowed.

“What is he doing here?”

“Now now, hime, that’s my teammate. Be nice,” Obito poked her forehead much like Shisui
an hour ago.

“No visitors,” the masked boy said coldly.

“I am family,” Ryoko snapped back and crossed her arms over her chest. Insolent brat
thought he was better than her? Then how come he didn’t protect Obito? She almost said it
aloud.

“Yeah, Kakashi, it’s fine. This is my cousin,” Obito added. The boy didn’t budge but didn’t
comment either.

“How are you?” Ryoko resisted the urge to show her tongue to the other boy and instead
turned her deep eyes to Obito.

“I’m… okay… Ryoko-hime, I… wanted to say sorry… for what I did to you,” Obito’s voice
cracked and he looked completely distraught from what she could tell based on his sole
visible eye and lips.

“I’m fine. You were not yourself,” she assured him.

“I’m… so sorry…” he whispered again.



“What did you do, Obito?” that Kakashi brat asked. Ryoko sent a killing glare his way for
even asking.

“Nothing. He just used a genjutsu on me, that’s it!”

“No, hime! I… I tortured you…” Obito’s voice cracked again. “I didn’t want to, I swear!”

“I know, Obi, I know,” Ryoko turned back to her cousin and clasped his hand. “Tell me, did
you want to give up your eye to him?”

Maybe this was not the place or time to ask, but she had to know. To give away sharingan
was no small gesture. He could have been coursed and she would make it right, even if she
had to rip the eye from Kakashi’s skull herself!

“Yes… I thought.. I was going to die…”

“I see… well, don’t worry! I’ll get you a replacement eye!”

Obito chuckled with bitterness, but mild amusement too. “Oh? Really? I’d rather you not be
stealing anyone’s eye at this age.”

“Naaah, my sensei probably has a stash of those recovered from enemy shinobi,” she brushed
it off with a bright smile.

“Haha, sure, kid. Come here,” he beckoned her for another hug. Tighter this time. “Thank
you,” he whispered to her ear.

━━━━━━━━━━

It turned out that Obito couldn’t tell her much else. Everything that happened to him was now
apparently classified. He assured that Konoha cleared him and now he only needed to heal.
He mentioned that the girl, Rin, was also fine thanks to her. But Ryoko couldn’t care less
about the weakling brat.

Despite not knowing much, she was simply relieved to have her cousin back home. Her
mood was chipper when she entered Orochimaru’s lab.

“Sensei,” she greeted the pale man who was leaning over a pile of papers.

“Hmmm. You arrrre late,” the snake commented, sparing the girl a single glance.

“Yes. I was visiting my cousin in the hospital.”

“Chunin examination will be in a month.”

“I am aware, sensei.”

“Gooooood, so don’t be late.”



Ryoko opened her mouth to say ‘what’, but closed it right away. There was nothing she hated
more than pointless questions. Her sensei’s statement was obvious when you actually used
your brain to think about it.

And he wasn’t the type to joke around or prank, so she didn’t have to ask ‘really?’ either.
Now actually, the amount of D rank missions made sense in her head. Ryoko slowly nodded,
when the pieces fell into the perfect image inside her head.

“But I don’t have a team. Don’t you need a team for them?”

“Yessss. I picked a couple of genins to join you.”

“I see… Sensei, could I get a weapon?”

“Ohhh? What do you have in mind?” Orochimaru finally turned his full attention to the girl.
Her smile was deviant. This was another step towards being the next Madara.

━━━━━━━━━━

“I FORBID YOU!”

To be fair, Ryoko should have expected this. To her defense, she was too preoccupied with
her new toy to inform her family about the little news. The thing is, shinobi didn’t share her
sentiment. It turned out to be a pretty big deal, for a nine-year-old girl straight from the
academy to participate in the chunin exams.

Fugaku’s face was red as he stared into her deep eyes. Ryoko tried hard to suppress her smile.

“I am sorry, father, but this is not up to you. You will have to speak with my sensei.”

“What is he thinking??!! Chunin exams are dangerous!”

“He thinks I am ready and I agree with him, father.”

“Ryoko! You are not ready…” for the war was left unsaid, but she understood where Fugaku
was going with this. Chunins were actually sent to the battles. They saw actual war. While
Ryoko, like no other child her age, was absolutely curious to see skillful shinobi fighting to
the death. She wanted to see the shinobi war first hand.

“I have to train,” Ryoko smiled sweetly and bowed leaving her father to fume alone. There
was nothing more to add to this conversation. Even the Hokage could not object for skillful
shinobi to be promoted. He needed able bodies to fight for Konoha.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Itachi,” Fugaku called for his son while sitting in the garden of his home. Tired eyes stared
at the distance in contemplation.

It is safe to say that the conversation with Orochimaru didn’t go well. Even the clan was
pleased to hear the news about his children's accomplishments. Both of his children were to



attend the same chunin exams and Fugaku had a bad feeling about it.

“Yes, father?” Itachi exited the house with a neutral expression.

“You know, what to do, son?”

“Yes, father. I will look after her.”

Both men nodded in silent agreement. If Fugaku couldn’t stop it, he at least had to make sure
that his little girl was safe. He had no doubts that Ryoko would pass the theory part of the
examination. The second round of survival concerned him more. She was just a child…

Smart? Yes. Resilient? Yes. But still a child. How could she stand against the older shinobi,
some twice her age?

The worry made Fugaku grim. Even civilians sensed the change and the village was at an all-
time low in the number of crimes committed. The police force reflected the ruthless position
of their leader.

“Curse that Namikaze…” Fugaku would whisper under his breath.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko’s temporary teammates didn’t outright say anything, but she caught them staring.
Judging her. There was no expectation for her to last. As far as all of them knew - Ryoko was
just a spoiled clan kid with book smarts. None of them had seen her actually fight.

One boy and a girl. The boy Ryoko just called ‘you there', because it was too bothersome to
remember his name. The girl she could not call ‘you’ too, so name it is. Anko. She was
actually tolerable.

As expected and to no one’s surprise, the theory part of the exam was passed. Itachi alongside
Ryoko was with top scores. People started to whisper about the siblings. Their likely rivalry.
Most of the other shinobi were excited to see the young heir in the last round. All forgetting
about his sister…

The survival part of the exam did not seem too different for Ryoko from her missions and
training with Orochimaru. Even the Anko girl held her own. The boy… well, the two girls
had to drag him to the tower after crossing the Forest of Death.

Now, what was left of the contestants, stood in a hall. Hokage made his speech. Proctors
explained the rules. There were very few spectators here. Only senseis, couple ANBU, jonin
commander and even her father weaseled his way in.

“Now, the final round pairs will be announced,” Hokage said motioning for the genin to pick
a number from a bag.

Ryoko reached her tiny hand into the bag and picked her lucky number nine, just like her age.
Anko next to her got a number four. Down the line, Itachi picked a number ten…



The room went into silence. Adults glanced at each other. Some dared to peek a look at her
father. Ryoko blinked a couple of times focusing on the bracket board.

Number nine was going against number ten.

“Chem,” Hokage cleared his throat over the tense silence. “All participants will have three
weeks to prepare for the fight. I wish you all good luck.”

The corners of Ryoko’s lips quirked just a bit up. Well, fuck. She would have to fight her
brother. In front of everyone. At least now, she could take the ‘kitty gloves’ off and fight to
the full extent of her powers.

“Why is everyone staring at you?” Anko whispered to her.

“Because I’ll be fighting my brother and the heir to my clan,” Ryoko said nonchalantly.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Did you hear?”

“Yeah…”

“Two Uchiha geniuses facing each other? That will be a sight!”

“They are siblings, bet the girl will have to concede.”

“You’re probably right.”

“A shame that we won’t see that prodigy fight.”

The gossip mill worked relentlessly. In an hour the whole village knew. Fugaku was used to
stares and whispers. He might be more concerned if his mind wasn't reeling at the moment.

Some jonin were convinced that his daughter won’t even fight Itachi. They were all wrong of
course. He was her father and knew too well that Ryoko would not back down.

But what would happen if she actually won over her brother? The clan would have his head.
A future heir could not show weakness. Fugaku was concerned that Itachi would be the one
to forfeit the fight. The boy was strong, but he loved his sister even more.

“Itachi, Ryoko,” he called for his children back home to sit in front of him in the tatami room.

“I’m not throwing the fight, father,” the girl said right away. Fugaku didn’t sigh as he
expected such an answer.

“I won’t either,” Itachi said determined. Fugaku actually had to take a second look at his son.
This was unexpected.

“Very well,” he finally said after a long pause. “But there will be ground rules,” he continued
to speak without letting his children to interrupt. “Know both of your limits. It is okay to



concede. And no forbidden genjutsu, Ryoko.”

The girl looked insulted and hurt by the insinuation, but she wasn’t fooling him this time.
Fugaku knew what he taught both of his children. And he knew what scrolls Ryoko would
read from the Uchiha archives.

“Fine,” she sighed crossing arms over her chest with a childish pout on her face.

“Itachi, I know you will be reasonable, but do not forget that you are the heir to the Uchiha
clan. You will have to show it with your skills.”

“Yes, father.”

━━━━━━━━━━

The weeks went by quickly. Ryoko trained with her sensei day in and out mastering her new
weapon. It was… something. Definitely a statement piece. It was also not complete but
would have to do for now.

Ryoko found herself in the Nara compound on the last day of the three weeks training. She
leisurely moved her shogi piece without much care in her mind.

“I win,” Shikaku said as he took her piece.

“Hn. Looks like it,” she smiled at the young jonin commander not too upset about her loss.

“So, are you ready for tomorrow, kid?”

“Obviously,” she snarled, crossing arms over her chest.

“Listen, I know you’re a smart cookie, but you don’t have to fight.”

“Oh, I most certainly do, old man!”

“Oy! I mean… listen, do you think you can win?”

Ryoko grinned at that statement. People had so little faith in her that it was now amusing her.
“Of course I can. I know the best my brother's fighting skills. This is a perfect matchup.
Neither would be disadvantaged or overpowered because of the dojutsu we both have.”

“I see. But will you win?” damn Nara was perceptive as always. Ryoko’s smile stayed on her
face but saddened a bit.

“Shikaku-san, as a clan head, you should be well aware of an outcome my win would have.”

“Yes, I am aware.”

“So, I think you know the answer already to your question,” the girl bowed and turned to
leave.



“Get some rest girl, you look like crap,” he yelled after her, she chuckled. What an
overprotective man he was. No wonder people trusted their lives with him.

━━━━━━━━━━

The day had come. Genin buzzed with excitement much like the crowd that gathered to see
the show. There was an unusual amount of Uchiha in the stands. All identifiable by their stoic
faces, black hair, and Uchiha insignias on their clothing.

Fugaku made sure to be in the village for the fight. He sat next to his worried wife, without
showing emotions on his own face. He was beyond worried. His clan would be watching
carefully. They would judge him for the actions of his children.

One fight ended after the other. The tension was building and culminated when two small
figures appeared in the field below. They were so small…

Ryoko stood tall and strong, with arms crossed over her chest like always, in defiance to the
whole world. Itachi stood straight and relaxed. They were almost the same height by now.
Only a year difference between the two.

Fugaku could feel people’s stares burning the back of his head. They all waited to see what
the children would do. The fight was announced and so it began.

In an instant, the crowd was surprised that neither of the kids walked away from the fight.
His clan members like one activate their sharingan. It was a sight to behold. One word -
intimidating. Dozens of red eyes glimmered in the shadows tracking the action without
blinking.

Fugaku did the same. His eyes bled red and he watched as Ryoko and Itachi leaped to engage
in a fight. His boy favored kunai and shuriken, while Ryoko played on the defensive right
now.

Clones appeared and vanished. Fireballs sored the air. It was going well so far. A warm-up
Fugaku thought as his lips pursed together into one straight line.

“This should be interesssssting. You better don’t blink,” a sly voice cooed in the back.
Fugaku didn’t have to turn around to know who was speaking. His features tensed as he
observed Ryoko start to weave hand signs after landing a kick at Itachi’s solar plexus.

Her moves were intricate and nothing he had ever seen before. The girl placed her tiny hand
on the ground sending a visible shock wave over it. Earth style? he wondered for a split
second until Ryoko yelled out the name for her technique.

“THE FLOOR IS LAVA!” he suppressed an urge to blink and watched as the ground cracked.
Slowly pieces of it sank down into… lava.

Bubbling red hot liquid now covered the whole arena. While Itachi landed on the arena wall,
hanging on with chakra infused to his feet, Ryoko stood on top of… lava.



“For Madara’s sake… lava?” Fugaku turned to send a deadly stare at the sannin who sat
behind him. The pale man chuckled, covering his mouth with one hand.

“Brilliant, issssssn’t it? My students creation,” Orochimaru bragged.

“Hn,” he scoffed and turned back to the fight. Itachi managed to use earth jutsu to create a
makeshift bridge over the deadly pool of fuckin lava!

Two figures moved quickly to fight on the tiny surface. Itachi was placed at a clear
disadvantage, as Ryoko seemed to have no trouble standing on her own creation. The heat
coming off the ground was felt in the stands. It was not an illusion. It was the real deal.

And then everything stilled. For regular people, it would look like the two kids stood in a
stalemate with their kunai engaged in a battle of strength. Who would push the other away?
That would be their question.

Every Uchiha knew better. The kids were not just standing still. With sharingan activated,
both of them were having a genjutsu match invisible to others. If simple genjutsu could be
visible to anyone, this was a more skilled method seasoned Uchiha used. Fugaku felt his
palm getting sweaty.

━━━━━━━━━━

“ROCK!”

“PAPER!”

“SCISSORS!”

Ryoko cursed aloud, dropping her hand down.

“I told you, brother, you win!” she pouted making it her third loss.

“AGAIN!” Itachi demanded.

Yes. They used sharingan to play rock, paper, scissors to determine who would win their
fight. She sighed. “We had a deal, ‘tachi.”

“But… it’s not fair, Koko.”

“Fair is fair. I pick a game to determine who would win and you won.”

“Again,” he pleaded. She sighed. Honestly, her brother was even more stubborn than herself.
What’s the point of rigging the chunin finals if he wasn’t prepared to actually do it. Ryoko
knew what had to be done. She nodded and they played once more.

In reality, people observed how her free hand shook as she went against the genjutsu to get
another kunai from her weapons pouch. For a second, every jonin thought that it was
probably over for Itachi. To their horror, Ryoko didn’t hit her brother. No. She stabbed her
own leg, breaking the genjutsu completely.



Both kids leaped away with labored breathing. Genjutsu of this level took a lot from both of
them. Itachi quickly took out his tanto, while Ryoko grabbed a scroll from her pouch.

“It has to be done, Itachi,” she smiled at him as the scroll unraveled and her new weapon
poofed into existence. It was a huge scythe. Double her tiny stature. Very similar to the one
Madara Uchiha used himself.

She didn’t hesitate with her next attack. The weapon allowed her to attack while keeping her
distance. If Itachi was so set on not winning, she would have to force his hand.

Slash to the left. Slash to the right. Another jab and she finally got him. There was a deep cut
on Itachi’s side. The boy grabbed over it, red blood staining his hands. Then it started to glow
green. Ryoko smirked with satisfaction.

That’s it, brother, show them what you can do! she thought lunging for another attack. Itachi
did not disappoint. As if he got a second breath, the next attack of his was double the speed
and force.

He skillfully got over her defenses and jabbed her pressure points. Shoulder, rib, thigh, and
one last jab to her neck.

Lights out. Ryoko fell to the ground unable to move. Looks like medical skills could rival
Hyuga's technique, she snickered to herself. But this was what it was. There was no way
Ryoko could win against Itachi when there was so much political backlash behind it.

Sensei will not be pleased with her, but Ryoko didn’t care. She swore to help her brother,
even if that meant losing. Also, to subdue Itachi was not an easy feat, she had to admit. Now
if she really wanted to kill him… That would be a different story.

She allowed the darkness to consume her. The last thing Ryoko heard was the proctor's voice
from afar.

“The winner is Itachi Uchiha.”

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 12: Angst
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ryoko woke up feeling sore all over her body. The after-effects of having your pressure
points closed were like a major hangover from a tequila night. She groaned shifting to her
side. Her whole chakra network felt stagnant from disuse.

“Koko! You’re awake!”

“Hn,” she muttered with her eyes still closed.

“Koko… are you okay?” she felt a hesitant hand on her shoulder.

“Peachy,” the girl rasped, finally opening her eyes. She wanted to close them again when she
noticed the number of people in her hospital room.

Next to her bed stood Itachi with his hand still clutching her shoulder. Behind him was Shisui
and the smile on the boy's face was strangely conspiratory. On the other side of the bed stood
her father and mother. And in the back, she could tell, was sensei's chakra. Besides them, she
could sense more people waiting outside.

“Did you weaponize medical ninjutsu?” Ryoko decided to ignore the worried stares and make
a casual conversation with Itachi instead.

“Yes,” the boy nodded with a faint smile.

“I’m jealous,” Ryoko sighed. Her head dropped back onto the pillow and she closed her eyes.
Everything went according to plan so why did she feel like shit? She could not write off her
feelings to the physical pain. It wasn’t that bad at all.

“Boys, let your sister rest,” Mikoto then said. Vaguely Ryoko guessed that there was an
intense conversation without words going on, but she just didn’t care. The frown on her face
deepened. The girl would rather have the boys in here instead of her parents or sensei. She
didn’t want to look at either of them and see the inevitable disappointment.

There were footsteps. She felt Itachi squeeze her shoulder one last time, before the boy’s
hand pulled away and he left with Shisui.

“Ryoko,” it was her father’s voice that called for her. Maybe she could just fall asleep and
avoid the conversation entirely? The girl felt his gaze and the silence was dragging on
uncomfortably long. She sighed and opened her eyes.

“Hn?”

“You… did well,” her stoic father struggled to even look at her as he forced the ‘compliment’
out. Ryoko’s chest felt constrained and it wasn’t a nice feeling. As if the Memorial Stone



itself was placed on top of her. She felt it hard to breathe.

“Hn,” that is all she could mutter averting her eyes before they started to sting and water.

━━━━━━━━━━

Two hours earlier.

Fugaku watched intently as his daughter fell to the ground struck by Itachi’s technique. It was
eerily similar to the fighting style of Hyuga. But there was a menacing and precise edge to it.
Something about the way Itachi’s hands moved screamed at him ‘danger’.

“The winner is Itachi Uchiha,” the proctor announced and the stands roared with applause.
Fugaku honestly didn’t know how to react. He was happy that Itachi won and that put the
biggest part of his mind at ease. The clan will be pleased. The council will be pleased. His
children put up quite a show for them all.

But then, his sharingan zeroed in on the limp Ryoko laid on that narrow earth bridge. Fugaku
dread the moment she would wake up and realize her loss. The girl was proud and stubborn
even more than Mikoto. She will be devastated…

“Huh. How disssssapointing,” the snake voiced something that his daughter would definitely
say herself. Fugaku turned around to stare at the golden split eyes. He wanted to berate the
man for even entertaining a thought about his daughter being disappointing.

Ryoko was many things, but a ‘disappointment’ was not one of them. Her skills alone put the
girl in at least a chunin level. The way she held herself in the fight was better than even some
jonin could muster. Yet Fugaku couldn’t find words to voice his utter displeasure in
Orochimaru’s comment.

So he stared at the sannin. Eyes slightly narrowed, lips pursed into a thin line. The snake
stared right back at him with an unreadable expression.

“Honey, let’s go check on her,” Mikoto tugged on his sleeve. Right. Quickly Orochimaru fell
to the back of his mind, replaced by the worry he had over Ryoko. The clan head stood up
and turned to leave with Mikoto in tow.

....

“Fugaku-sama, congratulations! It was a great fight.”

...

“Itachi-san, shows a lot of potential.”

....

“Congratulations, Fugaku-sama.”

…



“You know, Ryoko-chan reminded me of Madara-sama with the scythe of hers, haha! What a
coincidence?”

...

“Hn,” Fugaku heard a lot of comments from his clansmen as he left the stands with Mikoto.
Most praised Itachi and rightfully so. But Ryoko… she was a wild card that caught most of
the clan off guard. Like a new light now illuminated the girl.

If at first she was considered just another smart Uchiha with an attitude, now they saw her as
a shinobi. A formidable one too. Her fighting style clearly left an impact on those who know
a thing or two about ninjutsu.

But for people to compare his little girl to Madara-sama… The thought sent shivers down
Fugaku’s spine. No, his little angel was nothing like that maniac… And yet… The way she
stands… The way she holds herself in front of an opponent… And that ridiculous scythe!

“I didn’t know Ryoko already had her sharingan…” Mikoto whispered as they descended the
stairs down to the medical ward of the arena.

“Hn.”

“What?! You knew??” his wife stopped abruptly and stared the man down as if he just
revealed the sky to be of color green.

“Mikoto, it was a while back… I didn’t want to make a huge deal out of it,” he tried to
defend himself, but there was no reasoning with the woman. She ‘hmphed’ and turned
abruptly to walk away. He could understand Mikoto’s anger and hurt.

Unlocking one's sharingan is a big deal. Usually involving a mind-shattering trauma. A hurt
that makes your blood boil. When Itachi returned from a mission with his sharingan, Mikoto
made sure to coddle the boy, taking him to Yamanaka and overall surrounded him with
warmth.

Fugaku didn’t see much point to that. But maybe that is why a clan needed a matriarch in the
first place - to keep the balance by showing care to their clansmen. His daughter was strong.
She didn’t need to be pampered, he made sure of it by training her relentlessly.

Despite Ryoko’s loss, Fugaku was proud of her. She showed unique techniques that would
make grown men waver. Her sharingan was sharp and could stand against her brother. That
was saying something. On occasion, even Fugaku struggled to keep up with Itachi.

Yet his little daughter managed to fight back. She was like steel forged in fire. Fugaku could
hardly believe that Ryoko was only nine years old… Sure, he was born just after the First
Shinobi War, but he had time to grow up before stepping into the trenches of the Second
Shinobi War.

The man sighed as he finally reached the door where his wife was waiting for him in silence.
She was still mad, but Fugaku pushed that can of worms to the back of his mind. Sometimes



you just have to deal with one issue at a time.

He opened the door to find Ryoko in a hospital bed, a nurse healing her and Itachi with Shisui
dutifully waiting. His eyes quickly noticed another lone figure. Orochimaru. How in the name
of Madara did that snake beat us to it???

The pale man’s expression was unreadable, but he watched Ryoko with those snake-like eyes
in intensity that felt unsettling to Fugaku.

“Lord Uchiha!” the medic startled when she finally noticed their presence.

“Why is she unconscious?” he asked, stepping closer to Ryoko’s bedside.

“Well, her pressure points were… closed shut. It will take at least an hour for her body to
regain control. She is just…” the woman avoided looking directly at him or Itachi, but she
did her job and said it out loud. In the end, there was something more. She struggled to say it.

“What?” Fugaku snapped impatiently.

“She is just so young…”

Fugaku had to commend the young medic for finding some balls in her to say this to his face.
It was a simple accusation and it stung. Clearly, the medic was not thrilled by a child
enduring such trauma. He felt accused of negligence.

“Great observation skills. You are dismissed if that will be all,” Fugaku responded with a
cold tone that could freeze even the will of fire. The medic quickly bowed and left.

━━━━━━━━━━

Orochimaru could not hold down his chuckle any longer.

“What an impressssssive pair you have there, Fugaku-san,” he said eyes darting from his
student to Itachi. If either of the kids thought that he bought their performance, they will have
to be disappointed.

The sannin trained Ryoko himself! He knew of her speed and skills. This was one of the first
things he worked to improve - agility. Yet it was clear to him that the girl held back. Slightly,
but she did.

Gone was her vicious and precise killing intent. Like it never even existed. But the problem
was that Orochimaru had seen it! He felt it! He encouraged it even by allowing the kid to kill
on missions. What can he say - Ryoko had a talent. She always could find the most creative
way to kill.

Once she bet him that she could kill their target with a metal cup. He laughed at that. Until
she did it. And then he had to take the child out for dinner as a reward. So he could tell that
Ryoko didn’t seriously try to attack Itachi. Looks like incapacitating was harder for her than
killing. He could agree on that sentiment at least.



“Well done, son,” Fugaku said ignoring his earlier statement. How rude Orochimaru smirked,
but wasn’t actually offended. The clan head probably was still sour about the comment back
in the arena.

“What genjutsu wasssss that in the middle of your fight?” Orochimaru asked, disrupting the
silence again. Itachi didn’t blink twice before answering.

“Just a warped version of reality.”

Just? Orochimaru curled his eyebrow in amusement but didn’t comment further. Ah, the joy
of dealing with child geniuses. Things that are impossible for regular shinobi are a cakewalk
for young proteges.

They continued to wait in silence. Orochimaru observed the family like some science
experiment. They looked content and not at all uncomfortable by the whole predicament.
Each of them looked surprisingly innocent and nonthreatening. Ha! You wouldn’t be able to
tell that the kids in this room were cold-blooded killers.

As it stands now, they were just a concerned and loving family.

Disgusting.

“Excuse me, Orochimaru-sama,” a chunin messenger entered the room and bowed deeply.
Snake waved his hand for the boy to start speaking.

“Hokage-sama asked if maybe… well the lava is still there and we cannot continue with the
examination…”

“And you need me to take care of it? If I must,” he exhaled and left. Maybe the girl would
not wake up until he returns. The man had a feeling that he has to be there when she opens
her eyes again. Why? Not a clue.

It was that strange feeling he started getting more and more often when things concerned
Ryoko. Like that time in the cave. Or another time when some shinobi tried to poison her.
Seeing her unconscious on the ground was what triggered it… And the feeling would not go
away until he could see her eyes again.

Idiotic. Stupid. Illogical. Yet Orochimaru could not deny the cause and solution for the
strange feelings he discovered.

He quickly got rid of his student’s handy work. Secretly proud that proctors failed to do it. It
actually wasn’t that easy. First, you had to cool down the earth. Then force it to harden. And
then mix everything back together.

Steam was still coming off the flat surface when Orochimaru made the final earth jutsu. The
ground of the arena was now black like obsidian. He smirked once more and returned to the
hospital wing.

Other fights did not interest him. They were far inferior to his student, therefore deserved
none of his attention. Shortly after he returned to the silent room, Ryoko stirred. Just in time,



good girl he praised satisfied.

From what Orochimaru could observe now, Ryoko showed strange emotions. There was a
clear detachment and avoidance in every move the girl made. Orochimaru tilted his head
slightly in interest.

Is she… upset? he wondered. Sure, he had seen Ryoko frown and pout before, but this was
different. Or maybe it was still an act?

“You… did well,” Fugaku’s voice was far more strained than just a minute ago when he
praised his son. And it sounded sincere at least to Orochimaru’s ears. The woman by the clan
head’s side looked pleased too. Just your regular dotting family of professional assassins.

Still, there was something Orochimaru couldn’t grasp. Only when Fugaku with Mikoto left,
did he approach the bed. Face void of emotion, he tried to catch Ryoko’s gaze. The little devil
not at all discreetly turned her head away.

He snorted and leaned closer, so she could not squirm away. The sannin had questions. But
when their eyes finally met, the words vanished from Orochimaru’s mind. Ryoko’s deep eyes
looked sad and hurt. Something he has never seen before on this tiny human being.

“Ryoko?” he tried to say it gently without sounding too fake. Yes, his mind registered what
emotion he was feeling, what emotion the girl needed, but that does not mean that he could
produce the emotion without sounding fake. Even though he honestly wanted to be gentle
with the fragile little thing. She didn’t flinch, so that was a start.

“I… I’m sorry…” the girl whispered with those sad endless voids staring deep into his soul.

“Why arrrre you sssssorry?” he asked carefully while his mind tried to find the answer and
failed at the same time.

“I… I… lost. I am really sorry! Please still be my sensei, Orochimaru-sama,” the fearless girl
that entered his lab some months ago was completely replaced by this… this… emotional
counterpart. He would be disgusted, if not for that tang of hurt tugging at his chest.

She was upset… because she thought he would no longer be her sensei… because she lost?
Orochimaru let out a deep sigh. Nobody prepared him for this. How was he even supposed to
deal with an emotional girl that suffered her first loss?

But… it wasn’t a loss! The sannin had to remind himself that the fight most likely was pre-
planned by the two Uchiha geniuses. So the loss could not affect her this much… That leaves
only one thing…

“Sooooo, you chose to lose for your brothersssss sake even if that would result in me no
longer teaching you, isssss that about right?” Orochimaru summed it up. Praise Kami for all
the years he spent deciphering Jiraiya and Tsunade and their emotional rollercoasters. “I don’t
think you arrrrre sorry for losing,” he thought aloud without even blinking as he gouged the
girl's reaction. “So, what are you sorrrrrry about?”



“For… not being perfect… for disappointing you, Orochimaru-sama,” Ryoko said barely
audibly. It looked like she was on a brink of tears.

To be disappointed you have to care in the first place was what he wanted to say. That is what
he would have said in any other case out of pure reflex. Yet… Orochimaru was disappointed.
In a way. That was his very first reaction at the end of the battle.

Now… seeing the girl so upset… He could not even imagine another jonin getting their
hands on Ryoko. To not hear her call him ‘sensei’ again, was not a pleasant thought either.
Hell, he felt an urge to reassure the girl. Was this a feeling people get when they want to hug
someone? he wondered, still staring at the girl.

Slowly his hand raised. Orochimaru felt like he was acting completely blind in this situation.
Stumbling in the dark of acceptable social conduct. The urge was strong and he decided to
trust it. Guts never disappointed him yet.

The sannin's hand landed on Ryoko’s head and gave an awkward pat.

“Still a ‘sensei’ to you, brat,” he sneered what was supposed to be a smile curled his thin lips.
Two big obsidian circles stared right back at him. He could see his own reflection in their
depths. And there was that twinkle again!

“Thank you, sensei!” with the speed Orochimaru could now recognize as Ryoko’s actual
agility skill, the girl jumped into a sitting position and… hugged him. Her tiny hands could
not even fully wrap around his chest, reaching only to his shoulder blades in the back.

The snake stilled like caught in a trap. His heart stopped for a second until it was beating
again twice as fast. He wanted to disappear from this awkward embrace, but another part of
him wanted to explore the unknown notion called ‘a hug’.

“Mmm…” he hummed.

Only after the girl pulled away first did he speak again. “Training is ssssstill happening this
evening. Don’t be late,” Orochimaru snapped his tongue, straightening up. She gave an
enthusiastic nod.

Here you are! he thought, noticing the vicious glint back in the girl's eyes. Unintentionally,
that made the sannin smile. Or maybe it was the fact that Ryoko was no longer sulking?
Details.

He waved one last time and left to try and sort out why in the world did he allow the girl to
stay his student. Wasn’t he who said that anything less than perfection is not acceptable? Yes,
but… well, who else could handle a child like Ryoko?

No, it had to be him. Only he could hone the girl’s skills into an acceptable shinobi level.
And definitely not because the sad eyes broke his heart. Nop. Definitely not that.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter End Notes

Soooo I was feeling emotional 😂 sorry? not sorry?

Winning is not always sweet. And now everyone feels like shit, yay to that!



Chapter 13: Third Shinobi War
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

One day you’re celebrating a chunin promotion with your family and the next you’re sent off
away to the war. That’s pretty much what Ryoko expected to happen. It didn’t. She had a
sneaking suspicion that her father might have something to do with it.

She couldn’t fathom how the man physically managed to deal with everything on his plate.
Fugaku not only led the police force in Konoha, not only took care of the whole clan and
their family but somehow managed to go on regular deadly missions.

And that is not even taking into account her relentless pestering.

“But faaaaaatherrrr, pretty please!”

“No.”

“Gunbai is really coooool!”

“No.”

“But it’s traditional!”

“I said no, Ryoko, and that is final,” Fugaku was a tough nut to crack. But she would wear
him down… Eventually. Her image could not be complete without a fan after all.

“Well, I’ll just have to ask sensei…” she trailed off thoughtfully, while her father let out an
exasperated sigh. He didn’t know that the threat was a complete bluff.

For some unknown principle, it didn’t feel right for Ryoko to get a fan from anyone else but
an actual Uchiha. Plus, she already twisted sensei’s arm to give her a nice eye for Obito. So
no more big favors for a while.

The girl would have to bid her time and try the next day. Conveniently for her father, the next
day Orochimaru arrived to scoop her up for a mission. For the sannin to arrive in person it
had to be urgent. And it was.

The two of them left the village in fifteen minutes. The only thing he said to the girl was
something about some action going on in the hot zone between Iwagakure and Konoha.

THE WAR! FUCKIN FINALLY! OMG, I CANNOT WAIT! she squealed inside her mind at
that outwardly showing no excitement whatsoever.

It took them the whole day to reach the border. As the night colored the sky the pair stopped
at a forest edge. At first, Ryoko couldn’t see why they stopped at all. Only when sensei took
her hand and dragged her over some invisible barrier, the camp was revealed.



There were various tents. Like a small little village with its own designated ‘hospital’ area;
barracks; dining hall; security hub; commandment point and more. She looked around as
casually as possible, pretending that she, a nine-year-old, was completely fitting in this place.

Nobody questioned her presence as she trailed behind Orocimaru-sama like his shadow, but
there were stares. Disapproving glares even. Some tired empty eyes.

Ryoko buzzed with excitement. She smelled blood in the air and oh boy did she want to spill
it all over the mossy ground! Somehow, she managed to keep her composure. Sensei dropped
her a single questioning look with a smile. He clearly knew how she felt and wasn’t bothered
by it.

“Sensei, you’re the best!” she said starry-eyed as he allowed her into the commandment point
where he was headed. The guards looked Ryoko up and down skeptically before actually
letting her in.

“Hey there, old man,” Ryoko smiled at Shikaku who was not too happy to see her at all.
Sharp eyes darted from her to her sensei and then to other shinobi in the room. He sighed,
closing his eyes in what could be mistaken as a sign of fatigue or displeasure. In fact, anyone
who knew a Nara would know that this was their thinking face.

While Shikaku out there was birthing a bulletproof strategy, Ryoko looked around the tent.
Her gaze was met with a pair of extremely concerned deep blue eyes. She smiled sweetly and
waved at Minato, who practically winced in response.

She wondered what prompted such a reaction?

Next to the blond, stood a young teen Ryoko met before. Kakashi. He was straight as a wire
and didn’t really look around. Every fiber in his body screaming ‘focused’. And he was not
wearing the porcelain mask today. Interesting.

Then there were a couple more shinobi. One Ryoko recognized as an Akimichi. Not too
surprising to spot one in the near vicinity of a Nara. There was a 98% chance of finding a
Yamanaka in a nearby tent too.

Then there was a borderline adult-looking boy with a bandana and a senbon in his mouth.
Couple of men with dark glasses. And another man with a weird scar on his face.

“Right,” finally Shikaku opened his eyes again and they all straightened up waiting for the
commander's orders. Well, almost all. Orochimaru was barely suppressing the bored
expression on his face, while Ryoko just stood with her arms crossed pretty relaxed just like
her sensei.

“This will be a rescue mission. A number of our comrades were captured and our intel finally
cleared out the exact location they are held in.”

Ryoko frowned. A rescue mission usually would mean keeping a low profile.



“There will be two teams. Team A will head to the prison and bust out our shinobi without
being detected. Team B will cause a distraction.”

Her eyes shimmered at that last part. Now a distraction sounded more like a job for her!

“Team A will be Namikaze-san, Hatake-san, Aburame-san, lead by Orochimaru-sama,”
Ryoko had to really try to not smile. She now fully could see what Shikaku was doing! It was
a brilliant idea to split her up with sensei so that he could uphold his end of the bargain…

“Team B will be Namiashi-san, Shiranui-san, Choza, lead by… Uchiha-san,” Ryoko smirked
at that with vindictive triumph looking up at Shikaku. The man had honor to keep his words.
Just like promised, he appointed her a team leader the first time such an opportunity arose.
While his face was stoic and relaxed, she saw the reluctance in his eyes.

“Mmm… commander? She’s...a child.. Are you…?” the boy with a senbon said hesitantly,
while other adults still looked around for another Uchiha that might be hiding in the room.
Nop, it was only her. Sensei, however, gave her only a single curious glance.

“Orochimaru-sama, any objections?” Shikaku asked with a sigh clearly not in a mood to
argue.

“Oh not at alllll. Ryoko, I give you permisssssion to use that technique. It will be fitting and a
good orientation sssssignal for Team A,” the sannin added with a wink to the girl.

“Seriously, sensei?” okay, for once Ryoko couldn’t hold back a question. She had to double-
check. Orochimaru gave a solid nod of confirmation.

“Shikaku-sama, I don’t mean to be rude, but…” Minato tried to interject and stop the train.
Unfortunately, it already left the station and the blond was in the dust.

“That is final. You leave in two hours,” then he waved for Ryoko to step closer. She did.
“Here is the prison, you will be causing distraction in the nearby outpost village…” the man
pointed out various places on the map, while Ryoko committed the whole terrain to her
memory with her covertly activated sharingan eye.

“Got it. So we’re going for the Sabaki move?” she mused clearly noticing the shogi tactic
Shikaku used for the mission.

“Precisely. The outpost village is connected to this supply road and…” the man continued to
layout details that most kids would never clearly take in. Ryoko was not most kids. She
understood the deeper meaning behind what Nara was saying out loud.

The village is like a hub for the enemy's supply chain. Wreck-it. At least that’s what she got
from the little talk. An hour later they finished polishing the strategy and Ryoko turned to the
huddled group of men in the back of the tent.

Team B. She marched right to them for the inevitable introductions.

“Ryoko Uchiha,” she introduced without so much as a smile or any other comments. This
was business time and she didn’t come to play. Even though it might look like that based on



her age.

The men were still obviously confused but managed to make their own introductions in a
professional manner. Akimichi was the one who had the most faith in his friends and
commander’s decision. The man with a senbon looked borderline amused, while the scarred
one straight up bewildered.

“Alright, listen up. We’re going with Sabaki opening move. I will send a signal to Team A,
which will start the chaos in the village. From then on we just have to keep their eyes on us.
Most of that probably will fall on you, Akimichi-san,” she spoke without an ounce of doubt
or reservation, quickly making the men listen. It didn’t look like she would repeat herself.

“Others will proceed with me to cause more inconvenience to our dear enemy,” she smirked
at the end in a very ominous way that somehow reminded the men of the snake sannin.

“I feel like I'm in a fever dream,” the man named Genma whispered to the man with a scar by
his side. Ryoko didn’t pay attention to it. At least one thing she learned in the Academy - how
to ignore those who look down on her.

It probably was rather emasculating for grown men to be ordered around by a child. Ryoko
lived for this. The control felt like something she was entitled to from birth. And no age or
gender difference would stop her. You could practically hear it in her voice or see it in her
strict face.

And so they had no choice, but to listen and follow. Two groups left the camp together.
Minato tried to pull her aside and talk, but Ryoko skillfully evaded his tactics. She was not
ready to lose her chance to prove herself.

Orochimaru was far more understanding, she thought. Dare she say it, he looked amused by
the way Ryoko ordered around men twice her size.

━━━━━━━━━━

After a couple hour trek, both groups stopped. The sun was supposed to rise in three hours.
That is their time limit for the mission. Genma was still a bit shocked by the whole 'team led
by a child' situation.

Logically, a man like Shikaku Nara would not endanger Konoha shinobi. So clearly there had
to be a valid reason why the kid was chosen. Ignoring the first fact, that the girl was
Orochimaru’s spawn, she also talked with the commander like equals. There was a familiarity
in their manners.

Maybe she’s some strategist? the man wondered as he watched the little Uchiha exchange a
look with the snake sannin. There was nothing said out loud, but definitely, something agreed
upon.

And then they split to go in separate directions. Team A was headed to position, while his
team turned towards the distraction point.



“There,” he said after fifteen minutes of running. Indeed, in the distance glimmered lights.
There was the target. Village by itself wasn’t too small or too big. Little houses almost looked
like a cluster of rocks if not for gentle smoke trailing from the chimneys.

He was about to leap forward and start the party when his dutiful brain reminded him that the
team leader had not given the command yet. Genma turned to the girl, practically expecting
to see her eyes lost or confused.

Instead what he saw was a painfully familiar stoic Uchiha face. She looked cold and focused.
While her hands… she was weaving hand signs! In record speed, might he add.

“Hah, that’s quite an amount of seals,” he smirked.

“I already reduced it from 200 to 96 seals,” Ryoko said nonchalantly. Raido on the other side
caught the conversation and now too watched how the girl's hands moved. “This will send a
signal to the other team and serve as the main catalyst for the chaos,” she added while her
hands kept going with a skill no child should have at this age. Clearly, little Uchiha
performed ninjutsu so often, that she didn’t even have to call out seal names anymore.

The experience was strange. Genma watched and felt how the girl's chakra gathered to a
single point on her head and reduced in size, like a spring being pressed down before it
recoils. Then her two fingers rested below her lips. It was the last one - dragon seal.

“Katon: Homusubi no Jutsu,” Ryoko whispered before a little light like a bullet escaped her
lips and shot far up in the sky. Higher than the night's clouds. A bit underwhelming if you
would ask Genma, especially with a name like that. When a jutsu is called ‘god of fire’ you
would expect… well, fire.

At that moment an earth-shaking roar echoed over the sky. He, Raido, and Choza all turned
with alertness, but there were no enemies around. Genma glanced back and caught the sight
of Ryoko's eyes engulfed in flames. Blaze in color blue flickered and covered her dark eyes
like some shades.

“What the..” he muttered. Another roar disrupted the silence. They could see a commotion
growing in the village in the distance.

“There!” Raido yelled out pointing up to the sky. There was a strange shadow on the clouds.
Its shape was… something big. Genma watched with wide eyes as the creature descended
with clouds surrounding it like smoke.

It was a head. Of a dragon. Made completely out of fire. Explosions then thundered behind
this monster and its body was revealed with a set of wings.

“God of fire, huh?” Choza whistled, admiring the little girl's creature. Genma couldn’t really
find words for what was happening. The dragon was huge and flaming. He noticed that the
dragon's eyes were the same blue shade of flame, as Ryoko’s right now.

So she can see what the dragon sees? Phenomenal… he mused, while the beast descended on
the village. With another roar, flames spilled out of its jaws and the village was set aflame.



He noticed some Iwa nin trying water techniques on the dragon, but it evaporated as soon as
it made contact. That’s it, Genma was convinced that this little kid was a monster. At least
now it was clear why Shikaku was so confident in sending a kid with their team.

“Raido-san,” the girl spoke. Her voice was lower and somewhat ragged than before. “In 60
seconds I need you to summon a stone dome around us.”

“Why? The flames shouldn’t reach us,” his friend asked.

“Not for the flames, most likely,” Ryoko smirked just as another roar cracked in the night.
“40 seconds.”

“Ohh, I get it!” Genma didn’t take his eyes off the beast and that is why he managed to make
a guess. He noticed the dragon gaining altitude as he circled higher and higher over the
village. “What goes up, must come down,” he smirked.

“Wait! But isn’t a lake just below it? Shouldn’t you target the village?” Choza asked.

“30 seconds. You insult me, Choza-san. Do you know what happens when a superheated
mass makes contact with water?”

“No,” Akimichi replied with curiosity, where any other man would not be as calm and
collected.

“20 seconds. When a superheated mass makes contact with water… a minor thermal
explosion happens.”

The look on the little girl's face… Genma was torn between being impressed, shocked, and
honest to Kami scared. After a mention of an explosion, Raido didn’t waste any more time.
The ground below the group shifted. A dome started to rise around them as Ryoko finished
her countdown.

“10. 9. 8,” Genma watched as the fire dragon coiled and circled and then plummeted back to
earth with increasingly greater speed the closer it got to the glassy surface of the lake. “5. 4.
3. 2. 1.”

The dome closed with her last word.

“Minor explosion my ass!” Genma yelled as he barely managed to stay on his feet from the
way the ground shook. The dome cracked and at some parts got bright red from the heat it
received from the outside. But it held until the last tremor and wave of shock fizzled down.

“Well, I thought it would be funny if Iwa nin would have a taste of explosions from another
village,” the girl shrugged nonchalantly like she just didn't cause a mass catastrophe. The
flame around her eyes was gone, her hands no longer frozen in the dragon seal. She didn’t
even look tired!

“Is it safe?” Raido asked hesitantly. His friend looked far worse while he tried to keep the
crumbling dome jutsu standing. Ryoko had the nerve to shrug.



“Honestly, no idea. Not like I can practice this technique very often.”

“You… what… Hashirama please give me strength,” Genma closed his eyes and inhaled
deeply.

“Pft, I’m kidding. It’s safe, Raido-san. The ground will still be warm so be careful. Now we
need to keep them entertained for another hour. Have fun,” like with a switch the girl's face
changed back into a serious expression. His friend hesitated for a second, but then nodded
and dispelled the rock dome.

What appeared before their eyes was a completely different scenery. There were no more
trees, bushes, or grass. Everything was either reduced to ash or still burning. There were loud
screams of despair heard from the village in the distance. Genma noted Iwa shinobi and their
backup flooding the area. Fresh meat, he thought, taking out a handful of senbon.

━━━━━━━━━━

Orochimaru lurked in the darkness with his team. They had a clear view of the prison.
Strangely enough, prisons are far more secure and diligent in keeping their tenants inside and
they often fail to spot those who try to break in.

“Orochimaru-sama. We have located our shinobi. We are ready to move in on your
command,” A tall Aburame man announced after a couple of bugs reported back to him.

“Gooood. Now we wait for the signal,” the snake said, looking up in the direction of the
village. You could not see it from here, but you didn’t have to.

Minato was fidgeting in place and worry was clear in his face. The sannin didn’t share the
man’s sentiments. The boy was still young and naive. He had not seen what Orochimaru had.
The flame in Ryoko’s eyes was something of a wonder.

Five minutes later a loud yet distant screech reached their ears.

“Is that it?” Minato asked, while his eyes darted around for movement.

“Not yet,” Orochimaru smirked. He honestly would rather witness the work of his student,
but alas he was needed here. Their comrades counted on him to come to their rescue.

Only two minutes passed when a vibration shook the land. There was a blimp of orange light
in the distance. Then there was silence before the chaos unfolded. They carefully watched as
Iwa nin scattered leaving minimal troops behind.

“Nooow,” he hissed the order and they moved as one. Minato and little brat moved with
stealth and assassinated their enemies with precision. Orochimaru could swear that he saw a
shadow of Sakumo in the little brat. Just like his father.. he mused.

With Aburame by his side, Orochimaru had no trouble finding the cells. Pesky seals were
broken, traps defused. All in minutes work.



Twenty leaf shinobi. That’s how many they recovered. All alive with minor injuries. Those
who were too weak to move, Minato teleported with his technique. The rest followed
Orochimaru back to their camp.

It was clear that they would be back way before Team B. And yet Orochimaru hardly could
stay still as he waited for Ryoko’s return. He stood just outside the barrier gazing into the
distance.

There! his eyes narrowed spotting figures in the trees. Even before he saw them, the man
sensed their chakra. All four were there.

“Sensei,” the girl gasped, stopping right in front of him. She looked scratched in a couple of
places, but overall just fine.

“Report to the commander and then we depart,” he said coldly to squish any ideas the girl
had of staying in the dangerous war zone a minute longer. Ryoko sighed but nodded
obediently. She knew better than to argue.

An hour later they were on the move again. He would glance often at the little girl trailing
behind him. The report… he wished again to have been there to witness her carnage.
Orochimaru was truly one proud sensei at the moment.

Sharp eyes noticed the girl's step falter and in a blink, he was beside her.

“Tck! You used too much chakra, silly child,” he chastised, but Ryoko’s eyes were already
glazing over. Gently he scooped up the girl and leaped away double the speed. His heart felt
warm despite the concern still lingering there. My student! This is my student.. he thought
fondly as Ryoko fell completely unconscious in his grasp. She was safe now.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

My inspiration for Ryoko's technique:






Chapter 14: New Beginnings
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Orochimaru returned home with Ryoko still in his arms. He placed the girl carefully on his
sofa. She didn’t need a hospital, but taking her to the Uchiha compound didn’t seem right
either, so here they are.

That is how Ryoko woke up. Well rested and groggy on sensei’s couch. She looked around in
surprise. Damn. For him to bring her here while she was so filthy… covered in blood and
whatnot… On one mission he actually dropped her in the river so she wouldn’t look like she
just survived a massacre.

The girl looked around, but Orochimaru was nowhere to be found. Probably working, she
guessed. Carefully Ryoko stood up and found the kitchen. She washed her hands and made a
cup of tea.

With a steaming beverage in hand, she went to the man’s study. As predicted, sannin was
there. It looked like he was sleeping while seated by his desk.

“Tea,” Ryoko whispered, placing the cup on his desk. One eye opened to glance at her.

“Mhmmm,” Orochimaru hummed and closed his eye again.

Without saying anything else, she left to finally go home. Just as Ryoko was about to open
her house door, it swung open before her to reveal Fugaku who was stepping out probably to
work. He stopped and looked at her head to toe.

“Welcome back, Ryoko,” he said. “Have you been to the hospital yet?”

“Nop. Not injured, just tired, father,” she smiled at the man who seemed to be relieved by her
statement. It would not be clear to anyone else, but she noticed the way his shoulders relaxed.

“Did the mission go well? You returned fast,” he remarked as Ryoko stepped inside.

“Mhm. Sensei didn’t want us to stay there more than necessary,” the girl pouted taking off
her bloody shoes.

“Hn.”

“Have a good day at work, dad,” she glanced back with a smile before retreating to the
bathroom. Fugaku didn’t say anything and only nodded in response.

Good to be home… Even though the war was fun…

━━━━━━━━━━



Business as usual from then on. Ryoko was in Orochimaru’s lab when she heard a door open
and close behind her. She didn’t feel the chakra of a person who entered, but she wasn’t too
concerned about it. After all, not many dared to walk into Orochimaru’s lab besides the two
of them.

“Sensei, I just finished…” she turned to report on her research and stopped mid-sentence. It
wasn’t her sensei who just entered the room.

“Young Lady Uchiha, what a pleasure to finally meet you,” an old man with bandages on his
face and a cane spoke in a sickly sweet tone. She straightened up with a frown.

“Elder Shimura, sensei is not here,” Ryoko said, crossing arms over her chest. They have not
met before, but she read enough about the political structure of her village. The man smiled at
her.

“Ah, you are familiar with me? How refreshing to meet such… bright youth,” he spoke,
stepping closer to her. Danzo leaned in to be more on her level as he spoke. “Now, how
fortunate it is that we have finally met. I have heard a lot about you.”

“Hn,” obviously he should have heard about her. If not for her early graduation, then most
likely due to her chunin exam or the rumors going around about the mission in Iwagakure.

“You’re a great asset for Konoha, young lady. And I believe you could serve the village even
more if you joined my shadow ranks,” he specifically said ‘my’ instead of ‘Konoha’s’. That
got a raised eyebrow from Ryoko. She felt hairs on the back of her neck stand. That only
happened when she met others like her… Killers. Psychopaths. Predators.

Thankfully, his demeanor did not intimidate the girl. She smiled back with the innocence of a
child.

“Oh? I have not considered ANBU already,” she said nonchalantly.

“Oh no, not ANBU specifically. There is another division under ANBU. I think you would fit
in just fine,” he said calmly as his hand raised towards her face and dared to cup her cheek.
Ryoko froze in place completely. Wow. She had to give it to him. The man was bold.

“You have a very strong sharingan, I can tell,” he whispered, leaning even closer, while his
finger absentmindedly brushed just below her eye. CREEPY! alarm bells were ringing loud in
her head, but what was she supposed to do? It would not go well, if she attacked an esteemed
Konoha elder. Yet Madara probably would not hesitate to rip the man’s hand off, she guessed.

Ryoko blinked and the moment her eyes opened again, there was another tall figure next to
them with an iron grip holding onto Danzo’s wrist.

“Tsk. Tsk. We musssstn't touch what isn’t ours, Lord Danzo,” Orochimaru hissed without any
pleasantries or even a fake smile. Ryoko was surprised to see such expression on her sensei’s
face. He very rarely got this serious and this was a good indication proving Ryoko’s intuition
right. Danzo was bad news.



The old man straightened up with a scowl. Eyes narrowed looking up at Orochimaru. He
looked annoyed over the interruption.

“Of course, my apologies,” Danzo sneered, plucking his hand back only because Orochimaru
let him. Ryoko smirked amused. The old man gave her one last look. “Till the next time,
Lady Uchiha.”

It sounded positively ominous. She had to wonder what those words would mean. Would the
man try to corner her again when sensei is not around? Or will he approach in a nondirect
way? At least now she knew his goal - recruitment.

“What did he say to you?” Orochimaru turned to the girl with the same serious expression on
his face. Slit eyes looked her over as if expecting to see an injury.

“Recruitment? Hn. To some section of ANBU?”

“Root,” the sannin’s lips shut tight until only a fine line was left.

“Sooooo, that’s a no-no-place I assume?” Ryoko dared to smirk. For some reason, serious
situations in this world made her smile. Hey, how bad could it be?

“Ryoko, do not even think about it! You arrrre not to make any deals or agreements with that
man, am I clear?”

“Yes, sensei. I kinda felt he was… odd,” she said gently, while both of them knew what she
meant. Danzo was clearly a creepy old man with a perverted interest in her sharingan eyes.
Father had already warned her about such people.

“Good. Now if he ever approachesssss you again, you will tell me,” it was not a question, but
a statement.

“Sensei, you know I can protect myself, right?”

Orochimaru’s expression softened, while his eyes still kept the steel cold to them. The man
crouched in front of her to look her straight in the eyes.

“I know exactly how sssstrong you are, but Danzo is not to be taken lightly. He fights dirty
and covertly. Do not ever underessssstimate him. Ryoko, I am serious. He is a person you
should avoid.”

“I understand, sensei,” she nodded slowly. It didn’t feel right to avoid when she could fight,
but if it was Orochimaru asking… Well, Ryoko trusted the sannin and she would do as he
asked. “Sensei, what is the difference between ANBU and that Root part of them? How can I
tell them apart?”

“You can sensssse chakra pretty well, child. You will feel the difference. They are cold and
void of emotion and… do you remember that time you found your cousssssin Obito-kun?”

“Yesss?”



“You felt something was wrong with him, right? Well, Root will be the ssssame. Most of
them hold a seal on their body. Look for that,” Orochimaru explained patiently, like never
before. This was definitely the most serious talk they ever had.

━━━━━━━━━━

Sooooo, the war ended. Ryoko heard rumors that their little mission was the last straw for
Iwagakure to concede. She was pleased. And she got even more pleased when Hokage
himself gave the girl a ‘field promotion’ after he heard their mission report.

It was rather surreal to think that so quickly, Ryoko climbed from chunin to jonin rank.
Almost unheard of. Almost. She would sometimes catch gossip of her being compared to
another child prodigy.

Kakashi. That annoying stuck-up stick in his ass… grrrr. Even thinking about the boy Ryoko
got annoyed. She didn’t want to be compared to anyone. But to achieve that, it seems she
would have to surpass Hatake.

“Darling, how is it?” Mikoto called for her, while extremely annoyed Ryoko struggled to fit
in her kimono. Listen, she wasn’t chubby by all means. Her body had mostly toned muscle as
a result of grueling training sessions.

Yet, puberty was banging on her door and two little mounds peeked on her chest making any
old clothing too tight. Also, minor curves started to take shape. She grunted with frustration
and tore the kimono off. The girl dressed in her usual attire and stepped into the kitchen
where her mother was waiting.

“Mother, I am afraid I have outgrown my kimono,” Ryoko announced coldly. At that moment
she knew she said something wrong. Mikoto’s eyes sparkled as the woman stilled in place. A
wide smile stretched on her face.

“Ohh? Is that so? Well, we cannot have you wearing an ill-fitting kimono for the
inauguration, can we?” the sweet voice sent shivers down Ryoko’s spine.

“Hn,” she opted for the usually safe and ambiguous response. New Hokage’s inauguration
was a big deal, so she guessed that formal wear was important too.

“Greeeeaat. Honey, I’m taking Ryoko shopping!!” Mikoto chirped to her husband who was
working somewhere in the house. It was time for Ryoko to freeze in place.

Oh no. Oh no no no… she thought silently mourning her whole day. Shopping with Mikoto
was torture. It always took at least one day and you could not even reason with the woman.

An hour later the two of them were strolling down the shopping district. Ryoko was dragged
from one store to the other. Kimono after kimono was tried and fitted until Mikoto spent a
small fortune.

“Mother, please… enough.. We already got enough…” Ryoko protested weakly as she trailed
behind her mother.



“Nonsense! There is that clan get-together soon, right? And then we have to celebrate your
promotion and…” at some point Ryoko stopped listening. Mikoto had a talent to find
reasonable explanations. At this moment, the girl could only commend how her father
managed to deal with her mother's antics.

“Good day, Mikoto-sama,” a tall man greeted her mother as they stepped out from yet
another clothing store. Ryoko needed only a single glance to know who that man was. Hyuga.
White eyes and long hair were a dead giveaway.

“Oh! Hizashi-sama! Is that..?” Mikoto was already stepping closer to coo over the little
bundle in the man’s arms.

“Ah yes, this is Neji,” the stoic man smiled with an unusual for a Hyuga warmth.

Someone, please kill me now… Ryoko sighed. She was certain that this day would never end.

“And this young lady is Ryoko, right?” the man glanced at her and was greeted with a stern
expression.

“Hn. Hyuga-sama,” Ryoko inclined her head in greeting.

“Yes, this is my darling daughter. She was just promoted to jonin rank,” Mikoto chirped
while still poking at the little baby. The woman missed the shadow of surprise that came over
the man for a second. Ryoko smiled at him.

Yes old man, gouge your pretty little eyes and choke on them. I am a fuckin jonin! she cackled
in her mind. Sometimes she was grateful to have proud parents who were not shy to brag
about their children. It would be rather distasteful for her to say it herself.

“I see. Congratulations, Ryoko-hime,” Hyuga gave her one last nod, but his eyes even
without pupils seemed like they were studying her with curiosity.

━━━━━━━━━━

Fugaku didn’t look any different from usual. Except for the festive kimono he wore. His face
was still the same - covered in a perfect mask of indifference with a shade of stern. Unlike
him, the whole clan was getting restless after the news was broken about Minato being the
next Hokage.

Uchiha did not hide their surprise and displeasure about it. Many believed that it was Fugaku
who should have been nominated for all the work he did during the war. At this moment,
looking up at the Hokage tower where a traditional hat was being placed on a blond head of
hair, Fugaku sighed.

His daughter was right with her guess who will be the next Hokage. She was usually right.
And while his clansmen were not happy about Namikaze's descent into power, they were
respectful and silent. They were the type to bear their pain in silence until the boiling point
was reached.



“Father, can we be excused?” Itachi asked with Ryoko and Shisui stood behind him. He
looked over his kids. The thing he feared most happened - they had seen war. Still so young,
all of them now had blood on their hands.

“Hn,” he responded with a curt nod. The ceremony was over and his heart could not allow the
kids to waste their precious time with the boring formalities that would follow. He honestly
wanted to give the little ones some freedom as their childhood was already stolen.

He watched as the three of them walked away. Presumably to get dango, if he knew his son
well enough. Mikoto next to him was also watching the kids walk away. She hooked her arm
around his elbow and pressed to his side.

“They grow up so fast,” she whispered.

“Hn.”

As expected, the meeting of clan families with the new Hokage was boring. The fake smiles
and backhanded remarks followed per usual. By the end of the evening, he felt tired. Only a
light buzz from sake relaxed his tense mind.

“Dear, let’s walk by the park?” Mikoto suggested when they finally left.

“Hn.”

Their hands intertwined, the couple leisurely walked across the village. Streets were already
silent with bundles of patrons still celebrating in a few open bars. They stepped into the park
and turned to walk by a small lake that bordered a forest. It was peaceful. The calm that
followed a war was a relief.

“Dear?”

“Hn?”

“Are you upset?” Mikoto asked carefully. He didn’t look at his wife wondering about the
question. What prompted it? What should he be upset about?

“Hn?”

“Well… I think you would have been a great Hokage, my love,” she pressed that much closer
to his side. Fugaku sighed. This again. But it was not a comment made by Uchiha elders or
other clansmen. This was his wife. He decided to be honest for once.

“Mikoto, I am not upset,” he said as they stopped. There were no lights in this part of the
park, only the moon illuminated their surroundings. But obviously, no Uchiha ever was afraid
of the dark. It was no match for sharingan.

“But…” she looked at him with those big beautiful eyes with all the concern and worry. He
smiled in response.



“Mikoto, I am content with my life as it is. I do not wish to be Hokage. I am actually glad I
was not nominated. That is not my ambition.”

“Really?”

“Yes, really. I’d rather see our daughter there one day,” he admitted looking up at the stars.
The day Ryoko shared her goal with the family… well, Fugaku was impressed, touched,
proud, and confident all at the same time. If any Uchiha could do it, it was his daughter.

“Oh, Fugaku…” Mikoto whispered and then her lips crashed with his. Just like that, a switch
was flipped and he was already wrapping Mikoto with his arms and pressing their bodies
together. Kami, how he missed his wife.

With all the stress and work, he felt like their personal life was a bit neglected. And now all
the frustration found a point of release. He wanted to take his wife right here and now.
Actually, Fukagu was about to scoop Mikoto into his arms and return home, when she pulled
away. And oh… the smirk on her lips was saying things to him…

His wide eyes met her flaming gaze. “Miko?” he whispered questioning that twinkle in her
eyes. The woman smirked and oh… wow... the next moment she was on her knees before
him.

“Mikoto!” he hissed, but there was no place to run away. Her skilled shinobi hands were
already on him and weaving between the fabric of his kimono that she herself dressed him in.
“Not here!” he whispered urgently as his sharingan activated to look around.

There was not a single soul around. No chakra signatures either. They were alone… Still, it
felt rather mischievous to do things like this in public. But the rational part of Fugaku knew
by now that there was no stopping his wife at this point.

The next moment he felt her lips wrap around his erection. Fugaku hissed again, while his
eyes darted from the woman to the surrounding. Blood in his veins was boiling like never
before. The thrill stirred new levels of passion within him.

“Oh… Mi...Mikoto..” he stuttered, not daring to close his eyes for a second. It didn’t take
long for him to reach the pique. Maybe five minutes tops. But those minutes felt like an
eternity for him. By the end of it, Fugaku breathed heavily and his hand was laced in
Mikoto’s hair as her head bobbed at a steady yet increasing pace.

“Kami..” he rasped as the release made his whole body shiver. Mikoto rose up like nothing
ever happened. She licked her lips with a deviant smile.

“Kami-sama to you, dear,” she snickered, but Fugaku was not having any this! One part of
him was enraged by how easy this woman handled him. The other part of him… it wanted
more.

He quickly turned Mikoto around and pressed her into a nearby tree.

“Miko, that was… it was… very naughty of you,” he whispered into her ear.



“Oh? And what are you going to do about it, Wicked Eyed Fugaku?” she chirped sweetly as
her backside rubbed at his crotch not at all apologetically. Fugaku nipped at her neck while
his hands urgently gathered the fabric of her kimono up. He froze when his fingers brushed
over her delicate skin.

“Kami, woman, you are not wearing any underwear!”

“What can I say, I missed you, husband.”

The way she said it… it was so sultry and drove him positively mad. She didn’t have to say it
though. Fugaku’s erection had already returned two minutes ago. He gingerly traced her
lower lips and felt moisture coat his fingers.

“You are drenched, my love,” he whispered pleased by her eagerness.

“Ahh, Fugaku, please! I want you! I need you!”

Mikoto didn’t have to ask twice. He aligned his member with her entrance and teasingly
slowly pushed inside. She leaned forward arching her back more. The view from his point
was mesmerizing. Fugaku had to still for a moment and admire it.

His fingers grabbed tighter into Mikoto’s hips and he pushed to the hilt. His woman moaned
out unconcerned if anyone would hear. For moments like these, Fugaku was really thankful
for the sharingan. He would cherish the memory of this evening till the day he dies.

“Hush, Miko. Or I will have to stop,” he smirked teasingly as he made another pull and push
rocking his hips into hers. Mikoto got the hint and bit into her own hand just in time to muffle
another moan.

“Fuck…” he hissed upon seeing that little action. To know that your woman has to bite down
on her hand to muffle the moans… He would harden more if that was even possible.

That night he was milked for everything he had. Fugaku was spent and returned with Mikoto
back to the compound slowly. They walked enjoying the silence and the shivers of the
aftersex. Not even a blush showed on their faces by now.

Only he knew that under that kimono, Mikoto was bare and his seed spilled out as she
walked. He could clearly remember the white liquid trickling down her leg as he pulled her
kimono back down after they finished the little sexcapade.

“I love you, Mikoto,” he said as they stepped through the compound gates.

“I love you, Fugaku,” she squeezed his hand tighter and smiled so innocently that he knew he
could never resist this woman. All deviance forgiven but never forgotten. He was a lucky
man. His life was perfection.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter End Notes

Did somebody say Mikoto and Ryoko bonding time? ^^

Also, I really believe that all those clan heads are just regular people with deviant needs
and desires. I like to believe that Mikoto and Fugaku have to resort to such measures
because of two skilled shinobi children in their home xDD sorry not sorry! Let there be
smut!



Chapter 15: Baby Boom

“Obito!” Ryoko yelped seeing her dear cousin in the compound. She ran up to him and
jumped for a hug. With all the missions and after-war fuss, it has been way too long since
they saw each other.

“Hey there, princess,” the boy hugged her back. He was now fully out of the hospital. And
bandages no longer covered his scared half of the face.

“So, how is it?” she eagerly asked, looking up into Obito’s new eye. It was of deep blue
color, you would think it is just a normal eye, but sensei mentioned that there might be
something special about it…

“I can see just fine. Thank you again, Ryoko-hime, for it,” he let go of the girl and squeezed
her little hand with gratitude.

“Soo… cousin, what will you do now?” Ryoko carefully asked as they leisurely strolled out
to the buzzing city. He knew exactly what she was asking about. She wanted to know about
his future as a shinobi.

“Well… they said I could continue with my rank...”

“But?”

The boy exhaled as he looked up at the Hokage mountain. “You know, I always wanted to be
the Hokage, but now… When I thought I was about to die… It really didn’t seem to matter
anymore.”

“Hn,” she scrunched her face looking up at the stone faces too. She knew that feeling. That
time in her past life, before she got the final shot, Ryoko felt that nothing mattered anymore.
Her work didn’t matter. The victims she killed didn’t matter. It all seemed so irrelevant.

“I was thinking… I want to help other children, so they would not have to go through what I
did…”

“Oh? You’ll be a sensei?!”

“Yup. Just sent my application. Fugaku-sama already approved,” the boy smiled gently at her
surprised expression. At least he smiled despite all the looks and comments he got.

The clan wanted him to get his eye back. Other shinobi looked at him with suspicion of being
some brainwashed enemy now. It was as if Obito could not win no matter what he chose to
do.

“Well, if that will make you happy, Obi,” Ryoko nodded sternly. In the end, she wanted him
to be happy. Even though she thought his skills as a shinobi were too great to be wasted in the
academy.



“So, where are you headed?” he asked.

“Oh, I was about to visit big brother at the hospital.”

“Do you want to have a bite before that?” he knew the road to her heart. Food was something
she would never refuse. The girl gave another serious nod. That is how they ended up in
some ramen shop Ryoko didn’t bother to catch the name of.

“Kushina-san! Kakashi! Hope you don’t mind? My cousin will join,” Obito said as he took a
place by the table with his team member. Ryoko didn’t hesitate to take a seat next to him. She
honestly didn’t care even if they would have said no.

“Oh, not at all, Obito-kun. Nice to see you again, Ryoko-chan,” the redhead woman smiled
brightly just as she finished what looked like her third bowl of ramen. The masked boy next
to her said nothing.

“Uzumaki-san, Hatake-san,” Ryoko inclined her head slightly in greeting.

“Kushina-san, how is Rin doing?” Obito asked after they placed their order.

“Well… she is learning, but it will take time to… deal with her… new friend,” the woman
smiled. Her answer was cryptic and made Ryoko think why such secrecy was needed? On the
other hand, she could care less about the weakling girl.

“I see,” Obito muttered, but quickly his expression changed into a familiar easy-going smile.
“How is sensei doing? I heard he finally made the move?” he teased making the redhead
blush almost to the color of her hair.

“Ah, yes. The ceremony will be held in few months so we could prepare everything, ya’
know!” she said with a bright smile of her own. Marriage. Ryoko didn’t think too much about
the concept. Part of her was surprised that shinobi even bothered to make such ties.

Another part of her deliberated if her parents were planning to sell her ‘hand’ to someone.
And if they were, she would have to give them a rude awakening. Because Ryoko wasn’t
going to marry just any low life. No. It would have to be someone at least as strong as her.

The girl nibbled on her noodles thinking what could be her strategy on this subject. She
decided that more research will have to be done to filter out potential candidates. And when
her parents will inevitably breach the subject, she will be ready.

“Congratulations, Uzumaki-san,” Ryoko added to keep up with the polite conversation.

“Aww, just call me Kushina, darling,” the woman smiled.

“Hn.”

The conversation continued between Uzumaki and Obito, while she and Kakashi ate in
silence. The boy didn’t lower his mask once but somehow managed to finish his meal.
Hmmm he has skills she thought critically evaluating the silent boy.



“So, Ryoko-chan, I heard you are a jonin now?” Kushina asked.

“Hn.”

Kakashi scoffed at her answer. “You have a problem?” she narrowed her eyes at him.

“Not at all, Uchiha,” he remarked in a completely calm and fake manner with his eyes
crinkled as if taunting her.

“Oy, Bakashi, be nice to my little cousin!” Obito piped up. “Princess, he is just intimidated
by another prodigy,” he smiled more kindly at her and even poked her forehead for good
measure.

“I am not!” the masked boy practically growled.

“You wanna spar against me then?” Ryoko smiled sweetly at him with the same fake smile he
showed only moments ago with his eye alone.

“Oy oy, kids let’s not fight, yeah?” Kushina gave them both a chastising stare.

“Hn.”

“Whatever,” Kakashi murmured.

Oh, that was it. Now Ryoko had to make it her mission to stomp this little brat into the
ground for the disrespect he showed! One look at his eye and she knew he was thinking along
the same lines. Good.

“Alright, I have to go see ‘Tachi,” Ryoko stood up after finishing what was left in her bowl.
“Obi, talk to you later. Kushina-san. Bakashi,” she smiled at the other two like a little angel
with a devil's tail. The lack of honorifics and the nickname was enough to make the masked
boy send daggers with his visible eye.

Ryoko by all means was not above taunting and playing with her targets. She would make
him lose that air of cool he had. But first things first. Itachi was waiting for her.

In ten minutes Ryoko was in the hospital headed to the intern room, where her brother should
be working at this time. She flared her chakra slightly before entering.

“Koko,” a gentle smile greeted her.

“Big brother!” she could not resist running up to the boy who was already at least a head
taller than her. “I heard the news!”

“Hn. It will be in a month,” Itachi said after they hugged.

“Hn,” they didn’t need many words to share the excitement. Even without talking, they
understood each other perfectly. “Are you ready?”



“Yes. The examination should not be a big deal,” he smiled again as his hands tidied up some
papers he was working on before. Then there was a knock on the door.

“Oh, sorry, Uchiha-sama, I can come back later,” a small boy with round glasses and grey
hair said.

“It’s fine, Kabuto-kun. Actually, I would like you to meet my sister - Ryoko.”

She looked the boy over. He seemed younger than herself. But just like her brother, the boy
had a badge and clipboard. So another intern she guessed.

“It is very nice to meet you, Ryoko-hime,” the boy bowed politely.

“Koko, this is Kabuto Yakushi. He is our new intern. The boy has very good chakra control,”
Itachi introduced sparing no compliments. Coming from him, it was a big deal. Ryoko knew
that her brother was polite, but he would not say such things if they were not true. Meaning
that the boy was really talented.

“Hn. Kabuto-kun, nice to meet you,” she inclined her head slightly.

“Pleasure is all mine! I am very grateful to your brother for giving me this chance,” the boy
smiled up at the two Uchiha siblings. Ryoko curved her eyebrow in a questioning manner
directed at Itachi.

“Ah. Well, when we were visiting the orphanage, I noticed Kabuto-kun’s skills and offered to
join the internship program.”

There was a lot to unpack there. Suggesting a program was one thing. But for an orphan to
actually attend it was completely different. It actually costs money and Ryoko guessed that
Itachi became a benefactor in this case. She quirked her eyebrow again at Itachi.

Her brother sent her a very familiar smile that meant ‘don’t tell father about this’. Ryoko
smiled right back at him meaning ‘sure thing, bro’. Two conspirators both nodded and turned
their attention back at the boy who studied them in silence.

“Oh, by the way, brother, I noticed mother has been acting weird, maybe you could drag her
to the hospital to be checked out?” she voiced the main reason for her visit.

After the war ended and she was officially a jonin, Ryoko spent surprisingly much time in the
village. She didn’t have a genin team to go on missions with. And no other chunin or genin
would willingly follow her as a team leader because of her age. Sensei would occasionally
take her on some missions, but as it was now, Ryoko had to bid her time.

That meant that the girl was home and actually could catch the difference in Mikoto’s
behavior. While Itachi spent most of his time either on missions or in the hospital or with clan
business, he was like a ghost of Christmas past spotted only on special occasions. He
wouldn’t notice the small changes.

Their mother was paler than usual. Once Ryoko even heard her throw up. And it would be
nothing of concern, but a gut feeling was bothering the girl… Something was up.



“Hn. Let’s bring the subject during dinner? Father will agree with us,” Itachi suggested.

“Hn,” Ryoko gave a nod and turned to leave. “Nice meeting you, Kabuto-kun. Study well,”
she waved at the boy and sent a warm smile to her brother.

That evening the dinner was tense. Itachi would glance at her obviously taken note of their
mother's tired appearance. Just a few months ago she looked completely fine, back during the
Hokage inauguration.

“Mother, I and Ryoko are concerned about your health. Would you go to the hospital with me
tomorrow?” Itachi finally said just as the dessert was being served.

“Oh, my darlings,” Mikoto smiled warmly and shared a look with their father. Ryoko
narrowed her eyes slightly. Were they hiding something from them? Fugaku cleared his
throat.

“That will not be necessary, Itachi. Your mother is completely fine,” he said, convincing no
one.

“But…” Itachi tried to protest before Mikoto cut him off.

“Darling, what your father wanted to say is that we have something to tell you both…” the
woman sat down next to Fugaku and shared another look with him.

“Hn. You will have another sibling,” their father said with a pointed look first at Itachi than to
Ryoko as if hoping they are old enough to know about where the babies come from and will
not force him to explain things.

“Oh…” they both said in surprise. Now it all started to make sense to Ryoko. She relaxed in
her seat and nodded.

“Congratulations, father, mother,” the girl said officially and continued to eat her sweet dango
like nothing happened. Her nonchalance was something Fugaku secretly was grateful for.

“I see. Have you been at the hospital yet?” Itachi asked instead.

“Well, no, not yet,” Mikoto waved him off unsuccessfully. Her brother already had the
trademark 'serious medic' look on his face.

“Hn. I am taking you to the hospital first thing tomorrow, mother,” Itachi nodded with
unwavering determination in his tone.

“Darling,” in a second Mikoto was hugging her son tight with some happy tears rolling down
her cheeks. The woman was clearly touched by Itachi’s care.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko was already ten and a half when her mother started to very obviously show. It turned
out that they will have a brother. She didn’t know how to feel about it. While Itachi will
forever be the number one in Ryoko’s life, a possible little brother sounded like something



she will have to protect with everything she has. Unlike Itachi, who by now was a skilled
jonin like herself, could stand on his own.

One night, while they read together in Itachi’s room, Ryoko thought about it. A little
defenceless baby brother, huh?

“Itachi, let’s make a pact!” she closed her book and turned to the boy.

“Hn?”

“We’ll protect our little brother no matter what!” she declared. Her face was serious. Both of
them knew just how dangerous the outside world could be. They were children of war. Itachi
also closed his book and had the same serious expression as Ryoko.

“Yes,” he said only a single word and they both nodded in agreement. That’s all it took to
make this unbreakable promise.

“By the way, what are you reading?” Itachi asked after a while when they continued with the
reading.

“Oh, about how Madara-sama dealt with those advisors who opposed him or were rude
during meetings.”

“Hn? And what did he do?”

“He would cut their head off!” Ryoko chuckled darkly. Her vivid imagination supplied the
concept in great detail.

“Ryoko! No!” Itachi looked slightly horrified. She rolled her eyes.

“Oh, brother, tell me you never wanted to do that during one of the clan meetings?”

He was silent. “That’s what I thought,” Ryoko nodded, taking her win. As time went by,
Itachi had to learn more and more about the clan and how to lead it. Ryoko was allowed only
in a few meetings, unfortunately. But that was enough for her to start contemplating murder.

“I would like to see you as the heir...” Itachi sighed silently but still with a timid smile.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Come on.”

“Why do we have to do it there?”

“Because! We need supervision.”

“Aww, does a little child need a guardian?” he smirked with malice.

“NO! But if we want to go full out, do you think your sensei will approve if it gets out of
control?” Ryoko shot back, crossing arms over her chest.



“Pft.”

“Oh, or is it that you’re now scared of a little girl, Bakashi?”

“Bring it on, Uchiha!” the masked boy shot her a glance and they continued the rest of the
walk in silence. Kami, it took Ryoko way too long to hunt him down. As Kakashi was
ANBU, he often was hidden in the shadows.

Fortunately, one day she met him and offered to spar. They had unresolved business. She had
a thing or two to prove. Kami knows the boy had to be brought down a notch from his high
pedestal.

So that is how they ended up walking together to Orochimaru’s training ground. Ryoko
smirked.

“You know, Orochimaru sensei is probably the only one who will allow us to fight seriously.
I dare you to disagree.”

He didn’t respond.

As they entered the secluded grounds, Orochimaru greeted both kids with an amused
expression. He didn’t question the girl when she came to him with this odd request. He was
the best.

“Alright, kiddosssss. Try not to kill each other,” he waved them off retreating to the sidelines.

“You’ll lose,” Kakashi deadpanned as he took a fighting stance across from Ryoko.

“Don’t think that I’m not strong! We are of the same rank. I’m the one taking you on.”

“Pft, we’ll see about that,” with those words he leaped forward and their fight began. Quickly
they exchanged blows at high speed. Neither using their sharingan just yet. She could see that
the Kakashi was not taking her seriously.

“Don’t underestimate me, boy!” she yelled out weaving an intricate genjutsu around them.
“I’ll make you sorry you were born,” her voice echoed enhanced in the delusion of torture.

“You. Don’t. Know. Me!” Kakashi yelled back dispersing layer after layer of genjutsu.
Finally, he became serious and started to use more complex jutsu.

Water and earth mixed around as walls and whatnot were summoned in the attacks. At one
point he tried to drag her down from below the ground. She barely managed to jump away in
time. Unfortunately, that turned out to be a clone.

The real Kakashi was waiting behind Ryoko and grabbed her by the neck. Together they fell
to the ground. She flipped them around after bucking her hips. The next moment a kunai was
in her hand aiming for his neck.

The bastard was fast. He quickly replaced his body with a nearby branch. Ryoko growled in
frustration and swiveled around to deflect shuriken aimed at her.



The next moment they were trading taijutsu blows. He was just a bit faster and managed to
hit her a few times. The pain was nothing really, although her eyes prickled with involuntary
tears from one particular blow that hit right in the nerve.

“Baby,” he scoffed, sending another well-aimed hit.

“Don’t call me baby!” she sneered and summoned a whip of fire that barely missed Kakashi’s
torso.

Ryoko didn’t know how long ago it was since they started to fight. Each passing minute their
attacks got harsher and harder. Neither of them showed signs of fatigue. While their chakra
reserves allowed them to use countless ninjutsu.

Slowly things escalated until the moment Ryoko was waiting for. She heard it before she saw
it. A distinctive sound of chirping birds. The next moment Kakashi was already running at
her full speed.

He probably expected the girl to leap away or dodge, but Ryoko smirked and took a better
stance as she prepared to embrace the blow that Kakashi could no longer stop. The
momentum of his attack was reached. He wouldn’t be able to stop even if he wanted to.

She noticed the moment Kakashi realized that she’s not moving anywhere. The boy’s eye
widened with panic. Ryoko smiled viciously as she met the Chidori with her left hand. This
was it. The technique she wanted to try for so long.

Focusing chakra and elemental energy, Ryoko absorbed the jutsu with her palm, her right
hand made a motion going down from her left arm, through her stomach, and then to the right
side, and… the chirping noise was heard again!

Kakashi was shocked as he tried to pull away, but Ryoko held his hand tightly, with their
fingers intertwined, while her other hand held his lightning.

“Uno reverse jutsu, bitch!” she yelled and was about to slam the stolen Chidori in the ground
between them when she lost control. The lightning took shape and cracked around both of
them sending the kids with a shock wave into opposite sides of the field.

Then everything faded to black. Ryoko only felt strong hands catch her before she slammed
into a tree.

━━━━━━━━━━

The next time Kakashi opened his eye, he found himself in a hospital room with a seriously
frowning Obito by his bed.

“Seriously?” the boy said with a disappointment of a seasoned parent.

“She called me a bitch,” Kakashi sighed, closing his eye again.

“Yeah, no. Ryoko’s ten! Kakashi, why would you fight her?”



“She asked for it,” he sighed again and tried to sit up. Kami, he hated the hospital smell. His
whole body felt sluggish. It was a feeling he almost had forgotten. The last time he was
zapped by lightning this bad, was when he developed the Chidori all those years back.

“You aimed Chidori at her! You could have killed her!”

Kakashi scoffed. Clearly, Obito has not seen his cousin fight before. The brat actually
managed to keep up with him at times during the fight.

“Yeah, as if. She stole it,” he deadpanned looking again at Obito.

“Sharingan cannot steal an elemental transformation jutsu!”

“She was not using sharingan.”

That made Obito shut up alright for once. “What happened?” Kakashi sighed, getting out of
the bed. Obito didn’t even try to stop him.

“Orochimaru-sama brought you two here. Said you knocked each other in a spar.”

That sounded about right. As far as he remembered. Honestly, Kakashi was reluctant to
accept the offer of a spar at first. But something about the smug look that little Uchiha girl
had just got under his skin.

He was ANBU for Kami’s sake! And yet this little girl thought she could beat him??? What
pissed him off the most, was that not even once did she use her dojutsu in their fight. Maybe
if she did, he could explain why Ryoko could even fight back.

Now, he had nothing to blame on the result of the fight. It was not a win, even though
Kakashi knew he could have won…

“Where is she?” he asked looking around, but there were no other beds there.

“Ooooh no! You are not fighting with Ryoko again!” Obito quickly said.

“Maaa, Obito-kun, I just wanted to check if she is alright?” the fake smile was not fooling his
teammate, unfortunately.

“Yeah yeah! Tell that to sensei! He was not pleased to hear that his precious ANBU was not
available because he knocked himself out in a fight with a little girl!”

“She’s a jonin, Obito,” he deadpanned again. How come no one was seeing what he saw?
The girl was a monster! She was not a genin, but a freakin' jonin! And they still considered
her a fragile glass doll. Fools! “So? Where is she?”

Obito sighed deeply as he rubbed at his temples. “Mikoto-sama went into labor. She’s with
family in the waiting area. I don’t think you would want to go there when Fugaku-sama is
present.”



Right. Kakashi exhaled pulling on his neatly folded clothing instead of the hospital gown he
was put in. At this time, a big part of the village was under baby fever. Even his sensei was
expecting.

“Alright then, see ya,” Kakashi waved before jumping out of the window. He felt an urgent
need to train.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 16: Shadow Ranks
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Sasuke, huh?” Ryoko looked down at the little baby sleeping in the crib.

“Hn,” Itachi was right next to her. She smirked leaning on the crib's rail.

“You heard, clan people are joking around that father will repopulate the clan all by himself?”

“I’d rather not hear that,” her brother sighed. He was truly adorably shy. As for Ryoko, she
had no issues with her parents having a healthy sex life. It only proved to show their
superiority. She was a tad proud of Fugaku even.

“Father is hard working with anything he does,” she snickered.

“Ryoko! Please stop,” Itachi hissed at her.

“Oh please yourself. It’s not like he’s the only one. You heard? Most of the clan heads had
offsprings recently.”

Itachi could only let out an exasperated sigh. He was painfully aware of that fact working in
the hospital and all. “Even Hokage will have a brat soon,” she added.

“Shouldn’t you be on a mission or training?” Itachi said instead of acknowledging her
statement about the sex life of their respected clans of Konoha.

“Yeah, I wish. Sensei is busy with some research so I am bound to the village for the
foreseeable future.”

“Good.”

She gasped with fake shock and hurt.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko was ready to rip the hair out of her head from boredom. It honestly sucked being an
eleven-year-old prodigy. After her birthday in September, Ryoko started to practice stealth
inside the compound to at least keep her skills sharp between the rare missions she got.

At least that is how she justified eavesdropping on clan meetings. One evening she was
hidden above the ceiling of the meeting room an hour before clan elders started to gather. She
at least learned some patience to lay there and wait.

Footsteps put her at alert. The girl quickly enhanced her hearing with the least amount of
chakra possible. Thankfully, privacy seals covered everything until the roof, giving her a
perfect spot in the attic to hear everything that was being said.



“Fugaku-sama, it was approved,” one particularly old and annoying man said as they all
gathered.

“Do not recall giving my order to send for approval or inquiry in the first place,” her father's
voice was cold, but she recognized the carefully suppressed anger. Oh oh, someone is in
trouble… she smirked.

“We have discussed this matter with the village council and they suggested that it would be a
good sign for Uchiha to nominate one of our own for the shadow ranks. It is our chance to get
more of our own in higher ranks,” another old man persisted.

“Is that so? And who do you have in mind?” Fugaku’s voice was sharp.

“Well, Itachi-sama would be the best choice of course to represent Uchiha.”

“Out of the question,” her father cut the words short and his chakra swiveled dangerously.
“Shisui-kun is just as capable.”

“Lord Fugaku, we must show an example! You cannot hold your children in a higher stand
over others. He is clearly the most skilled Uchiha.”

“Yes, Fugaku-sama, it has been decided. We agreed to send our nominee by the end of
tomorrow to Hokage,” the old geezer number one added.

Ryoko felt the blood in her veins run cold as ice. She stopped listening at this point. They
seriously were suggesting to force her big brother into the shadows? Or her dear cousin? She
had read enough about ANBU to know that it was not a place for Itachi or Shisui for that
matter.

She loved her brother dearly and to imagine that he would be forced into doing the most
dangerous and dirty work for the village… No. Ryoko could not let this happen. She knew
that he was skilled enough, but that was not the problem.

Itachi, despite his talent, was a truly gentle soul. She could not let him be tainted by the
shadows. More so, why would the village council be so interested in their clan now? A single
name popped into her head with an image of a vicious smile and a sense of a revoltingly
ominous touch.

Danzo.

That sneaky old shit… Ryoko raged in her mind. She knew that he would eventually try to do
something. But to go after her brother? That was just low.

The girl had to wait until the meeting ended before she could leave her hiding spot. It was
enough time for her to devise a plan. Actually, there was only a single thing she could do.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko left her home early in the morning. She left a little note for her father in his office,
knowing that he would go there before leaving for the Police Station. Before that, she



stopped by Sasuke’s room.

The little boy was already awake silently nibbling on his plush toy dragon. A gift from her.

“See you later, brother, be good, okay?” she leaned in to plant a kiss on his forehead. The boy
used the opportunity to grab onto her hair per usual.

“Ane…” Sasuke giggled. He was already in the age when he started using simple words and
it warmed Ryoko’s heart to hear that he recognized her.

“Yes, I’m your big sister. Now be good,” she gently pulled his little hands away and left
without making any noise.

On her way, the girl muttered pent-up curses.

“Sleazy old man…”

“Princess, who got on your bad side?” Shisui flickered right next to her with a big smile. It
looked like he just returned from a mission.

Ryoko stopped and sighed. She considered her words for a long moment. Orochimaru had
already warned her and she was on guard. But what if Danzo tries again to come after Itachi
or someone else while she is away?

“Listen, Shisui, I need you to promise me one thing,” her tone was serious and instantly got
the boy's attention. His usual smile was gone in a blink of an eye.

“Cousin? What’s the matter?”

“You know the councilman Danzo?”

“Yeah?”

“Listen, my sensei warned me that he is… that he… has an odd interest in sharingan, so
watch your back, key?”

“What are you talking about?”

“Just, be cautious, Shisui. And tell Itachi too. And Obito,” she frowned thinking that any of
her talented siblings could potentially be recruited by the creep

“Princess! What happened?” Shisui looked positively worried by now.

“Nothing. Really. He wanted to recruit me and sensei said that would be bad, so yeah. Just
don’t accept anything Danzo offers, do you promise?”

“Alright, I promise.”

“Hn. I have to go, see you later, cousin,” she gave him one last smile and left before he could
ask anything else. Not like she could tell him anything more. Ryoko just had this bad feeling



about the old man. No proof, but her gut feeling was enough to be concerned.

Ryoko reached the Hokage tower just as the village started to wake up. She knocked on the
imposing doors of the Hokage office and flared her chakra as a courtesy too.

“Come in,” the bright voice of Minato sounded from inside.

“Hokage-sama,” she bowed slightly.

“Ah, Ryoko-chan! What brings you here? I don’t think we had a mission for you,” he asked,
giving the girl his trademark ‘bright as the sun’ smile.

“First of, congratulations on your son, Hokage-sama,” she said politely. Ryoko was not
stupid. She knew for her plan to work, the man had to be buttered up a little bit with
pleasantries.

“Oh! Haha! Yes, thank you! We are truly blessed. Naruto-kun is healthy and we are truly
happy that everything went well,” the blond rubbed one hand over his neck ruffling his hair
in the process. “But that is not why you are here, Ryoko-chan, is it?” quickly, his eyes
became serious.

“Correct, Hokage-sama. I was sent here as the Uchiha nominated for the ANBU ranks, sir.”

Minato’s eyebrows furrowed. Then he smiled more gently. “Ahh, that. Well… I was actually
expecting to see your brother here… it was implied that…”

“Hokage-sama,” she politely cut off the man. “My brother has too many responsibilities at
this moment with the hospital and the clan business. He is the heir to our clan and to be frank,
he is too valuable to us, knowing the mortality rate among ANBU.”

This was low. To imply that she was not as valuable that is, but Ryoko had to push it. By the
looks of a micro pained expression in Minato’s eyes, she guessed that her metaphorical kunai
was right on the mark.

“With all due respect, if my skills will not suffice and I were to fail the ANBU examination,
my brother would be reconsidered for this position, Hokage-sama.”

Minato exhaled deeply but didn’t close his eyes just yet. He couldn’t know yet that her words
were a lie. Finally, the man nodded. He looked conflicted but determined. “Alright, Ryoko-
chan. Boar, you know what to do,” ANBU agent appeared behind the girl and placed his
gloved hand on her shoulder.

The next second she was transported to the depths of ANBU headquarters.

━━━━━━━━━━

Fugaku could barely sleep that night. He had an impossible decision to make. That is if he
thought there was any room to make any choices. It felt like the decision was already made
for him.



The only solution that came to mind, was to send both Itachi and Shisui to ANBU. At least
that way, the boys would have each other and could support one other.

With a heavy heart, he walked into the study to collect some documents. That is where he
noticed a carefully placed note with his name in Ryoko’s signature. He frowned and opened
it.

“I swear if she asks for a gunbai again I…” he stopped mid-sentence when he started to read
the letter.

Father,

I know what the council asked for and I will not stand for Itachi to be shuffled into shadow
ranks. By the time you will be reading this, I will be already reporting to Hokage that I was
sent from the Uchiha clan for ANBU position.

I ask you to not interfere and trust in me to take this responsibility for our clan. Itachi is far
too valuable to be lost in the shadows. Please allow him to choose what he wants to do as he
is already bound to lead the clan one day and there is just so little left for him to decide about
his own life.

P.S. If anyone dares to mention that that ANBU spot was initially orchestrated for Itachi, and
I took it in his place, I will be upset.

P.P.S. I will probably be gone for a while for the ANBU examination and training, so please
let the family know.

Love you.

“Oh Ryoko,” Fugaku whispered, crumpling the letter in his hand as he grabbed onto the table
for support. His dear little daughter once more showed just how strong her Uchiha bond was
with her brother.

She not only sacrificed herself for Itachi but took away the decision from his hands. The
pressure on his mind was relieved only to be replaced by the worry over Ryoko.

The man took more than a few calming breaths before his mind started to work again. He had
no doubt that Ryoko meant everything in her letter. She was probably already swooped away
by ANBU. The deed was done. Now it was his duty to take the responsibility of telling the
news to the elders and his family.

And Fugaku will gladly take their displeasure and anger. That was the least he could do. As
far as they will know, he sent his own daughter there. That will be his story and the truth
when he leaves this room.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko opened her eyes in a plain-looking room. A tall man with a mask of a boar stood in
front of her. It was weird not to sense a buzzing village around her. Like being in an isolated
containment. Too quiet.



“From now on, you are ‘recruit #8’. You will report to me or the commander,” the man spoke
without any flavor in his voice. At least she could tell that it was a man.

Boar gave her a plain ANBU uniform. She didn’t think twice that they had such small sizes
on hand. Then he gave Ryoko a porcelain mask. It was white with a symbol for the number
eight on the forehead.

Without hesitation, the girl started to strip. She discarded her shirt and pants. What was left
she carefully prepared that morning in anticipation of a scenario just like this. There were
bindings on her chest, wrists, and ankles. Simple black underwear and that’s it. Not even a
weapon… In sight.

Ryoko put on a black turtleneck shirt, she was given. Same material black pants that were
carefully tucked into her leg bindings. Then a gray vest and a pair of long black gloves with
arm guards. Gloves she actually liked. It felt… formal. Like she was about to prance into one
of the banquets she used to go with her father in the past life…

The last was the mask. Ryoko brushed her fringe up just enough to slide the mask on her
face. With the help of barely any chakra, it stuck to her skin.

“Sir,” she straightened up in front of the man ready for the next command. In her little head,
it was like a game. Some live-action role playing. A challenge to be conquered while
protecting her big brother at the same time.

“Eight, you will now join other recruits. You are not to communicate with anyone, am I
clear?”

“Yes, sir,” Ryoko said calmly, but there was something stern in her voice. She wanted to
make an impression, so the girl chose to act here a little more as she used to in her past. No
emotions, no fear. Killing Intent carefully hidden, but always there ready to stun unknowing
victims.

They exited the room into a dimly lit corridor. There were no windows or any markers on the
walls. So she guessed that they had to be underground. After a couple of minutes, Ryoko was
dropped off in a bigger yet similarly plain room where already at least a dozen people waited
with the same uniforms and masks. All marked with numbers.

She felt their piercing stares even though she could not see their eyes. Everyone was at least
two heads taller than her. Ryoko was sure that she had to be the youngest one here. If not
ever.

The girl took a spot by the wall and stood calmly with her hands resting by her sides like a
good little soldier. She wanted to cross her arms, as usual but decided against it. This felt a lot
like a job interview where you have to be on your best behavior, pretend to be what they
need. And then when you actually get the job you can incorporate more of yourself.

Two hours passed and she didn’t move an inch. When Boar finally returned with the last
recruit number eighteen, Ryoko snapped back from her meditative state.



Here we go… she smirked under her mask. Let the fun begin.

━━━━━━━━━━

Boar had seen a lot over the years of service in ANBU. What he didn’t expect is to have a
recruit that was barely taller than his waist. A child… Two years ago he got Hound, but even
that boy was older than Eight.

Yet it was not Boar’s job to question their Hokage’s orders. He dutifully led the recruits
outside the village deep into the Land of Fire, where covert training grounds for shadow rank
recruits were kept. Alongside him, there were six more ANBU members to help with the
sorting process. And one ANBU medic as per regulation.

His goal was not to kill off Konoha shinobi during the examination but to pick the absolute
best for the task they needed. A dead shinobi was of no use to anyone.

“Recruits! We will start with sparing to gauge your skill level for further assignments,” he
announced to the group standing before him. “One, Two and Three will go with Hawk. Four,
Five and Six with Viper. Seven, Eight and Nine with Weasel. Ten, Eleven and Twelve with
Tiger. Thirteen, Fourteen and Fifteen with Mongoose. Sixteen, Seventeen and Eighteen with
Neko.”

Each newbie was given a single kunai and then they all split into groups. Boar walked around
watching the one on one fights. Ninjutsu was forbidden, but anything else goes. Slowly, one
by one the recruits were incapacitated as per the procedure.

Neko and Viper now trailed behind him as all six of the assigned shinobi were knocked out.
He noticed that Weasel was having a hard time with Eight. While Seven and Nine were
already out cold, Eight continued to dodge and avoid.

“Eight! You need to go for the kill,” Boar ordered as he stopped nearby to watch. The kid
nodded once in his direction. He noticed how the kunai shifted in Eight’s hand and the kid
was off.

Eight ran head on towards Weasel. It looked like the brat was about to strike, but the last
minute Eight slid on the ground between Weasels legs. In less than a second, the kid
somehow now had a second kunai in their other hand. While passing between Weasels legs
two precise slices were made to cut both tendons.

Before Weasel even got to fall down to the ground, Eight was already up on their feet behind
the ANBU. With one jump, kunai impaled both of his agents hands to the ground effectively
preventing Weasel from doing anything. The next second, the kid somehow had another
kunai in his hand!

Eight grabbed Weasel by the hair to reveal their neck and placed a kunai there. It looked like
the kid barely managed to stop mid action. Masked face tilted up to look at him as if asking
for an order to continue or not with the kill.



“Stand down, Eight! Viper, Neko, take over,” he ordered. The medic already rushed to check
on Weasels injuries.

For the love of Hashirama… Weasel is out of shape… he thought observing the fight. Soon
other ANBU finished with their recruits and there were only three figures left fighting.

Eight dodged and weaved, but no longer as defensively as with Weasel. It was getting
ridiculous. How could two of his seasoned ANBU not manage to subdue a single kid? Boar
felt like he already saw everything he needed to.

With a well timed flicker, he appeared behind Eight and triggered the pressure point in their
neck. The kid somehow managed to land a kunai on his hand before collapsing unconscious.
Fortunately his arm plate protected from any injury.

“For fucks sake…” Viper panted crouching.

“Who.. the hell... Taught this kid?” Neko looked tired as well. Boar exhaled deeply.

“Orochimaru-sama,” he said. There was no point in hiding the fact from the ANBU by his
side. The masks and anonymity was more for the recruits in case they don’t make the cut.

“That actually explains a lot,” Tiger said.

“Shit,” Neko cursed again, while the medic inspected her injuries.

“Hmm, maybe I should ask Lord Orochimaru to have some training sessions with our
agents,” Boar thought aloud as he looked down at Eight.

“Alright, change of plans. Viper, take Eight. Neko, you come with us. The rest continue with
the program,” he ordered as the three of them walked away with the kid. Looks like they
would have to use the Level 2 program for this one.

After a thirty minutes run, they now perched on a cliffside of a ravine. Their presence was
masked with chakra and genjutsu of the highest level. Three ANBU waited in silence while
their eyes were trained on Eight.

Kid was in chakra suppressing cuffs handing on a long and thick ninja wire. Below them was
a long drop to sharp edged stones.

The instant Eight gained consciousness, Boar noticed how slightly the kid tensed. There was
a moment of stillness before Eight turned their head to look around. They watched as the kid
swung their legs up and hooked on the wire.

Now upside down, it looked like Eight was inspecting the cuffs. I would like to see you get
out of this one… Boar thought to himself.

Then suddenly, Eight let go of the hold his leg had on the wire. Little body dropped down
like a puppet. Caught in the momentum, their legs moved in a calculated manner so the wire
wrapped around Eight’s torso, while the little hands grabbed on to the wire so Eight would
not untangle like a jojo.



Four more calculated motions with their legs and Eight was wrapped around the torso with a
wire at least five times now. Three ANBU stilled in anticipation.

Eight took a moment and then they let go. Intensifying the unraveling motion with their legs,
the kid dropped down. With the help of gravity, weight, and inertia the cuffs broke and now
the kid was falling down into the ravine.

Clever.

Mid air Eight performed some kind of jutsu that made blue flames shoot out of their feet
propelling the kid to the side of the cliff. Now using chakra to hang on, Eight stood securely.
The kid looked around until the masked face settled on their location. They knew exactly
where the ANBU were hidden.

“Sir,” Eight straightened up waiting for the next order. At that moment Boar knew that this
would be interesting.

“Level 3,” he whispered to Viper and Neko by his side.

An hour later, the four of them were running to the next location.

“Eight, where did you learn that?” he asked the kid without looking back at them.

“Sensei dropped me off a few cliffs before, sir,” Eight responded. Well of course Orochimaru
had. Boar exhaled wondering if maybe he should hire Orochimaru full time to train his
ANBU.

Their little group stopped to rest a few times. They reached the target in two days. Still in the
Land of Fire. The kid actually managed to keep up with them.

It was three in the morning. Pitch black. Only a flicker of light in the distance. Boar turned
around to look at Eight.

“Your mission is to eliminate all targets in that building,” he said.

“Yes, sir.”

“Hand me all your weapons, Eight,” he said seriously. To be fair, he didn’t ask that before, so
no wonder a kid had a few kunai stashed on their body. Obediently just like in the
headquarters, Eight pulled one kunai after another into a neat pile.

Then Boar stepped closer and clasped a collar on Eight's neck.

“This is a chakra suppressing collar. You are not to remove it, am I clear?”

“Yes, sir.”

“Any questions?”

“Should I leave the bodies or get rid of them?”



Now that’s a first. Boar paused thinking it over. This mission was a low level. Some gang
decided to cause trouble by the border so really no need to be discrete.

“Surprise me, Eight,” he settled for that just to see what the kid would do. They nodded and
the four of them were off.

Eight went ahead, while he with Neko and Viper took a spot in the shadows of a nearby forest
to observe.

“Viper, report,” he ordered the Hyuga to activate the byakugan. In the worst case, they were
close enough to interfere.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko stopped by the little lake that bordered her target. It looked like a three stories high
house. Without chakra, she couldn’t tell just how many enemies were inside, but that didn’t
bother her.

The whole experience was rather entertaining for the girl. Finally she didn’t have to hold
back. For the most part. Back when they spared, Ryoko noticed that ANBU were not even
close to sensei’s level. That made it easier for her.

She understood well enough why the chakra suppressing was playing a big role here. They
should be aware of her ninjutsu skills based on her chunin exam alone. They clearly wanted
to see what else she had to offer without using sharingan.

“This is exactly what I have been training for,” she smirked under her mask.

The girl’s eyes didn’t notice any movement outside. What she did spot was a rain canal grate
on the bank of the lake. Her way in, that’s what it was.

Silently and without causing ripples, she stepped into the lake until the water reached her
neck. One last breath of air and she was under. She swam all the way across.

The grate on the other side was flimsy enough to open from a good shove. Inside the hole,
Ryoko paused to catch her breath. Killing with her bare hands was definitely something
Ryoko missed.

In her past life people didn’t have chakra. Sometimes even a knife was not handy. And there
was just something special about snapping one’s neck with your bare hands. She could laugh
now, but somehow managed to suppress the excitement.

Silently like a shadow, Ryoko got inside this hideout. She spotted her first targets bundled up
playing poker. Carefully she picked up a dirty piece of carton and swung it to the other
direction. One of the men stood up and went to investigate the noise.

Ryoko approached the man left behind and skillfully snapped his neck, before he even
understood what was happening. At this moment she had no time to waste. The girl grabbed a
dull knife that was on a nearby table and stalked towards the other guard.



One stab to the neck. Blood sprayed on the walls and on the ground. Bump. Then silence.
She stilled listening in for any noises. Nothing.

Ryoko proceeded to look around and found a better knife. At least this one was sharp.
Another thing caught her attention too. She smirked at the big boiler in the corner of this
basement…

Ten minutes later she was already making her way up the stairs. The first floor went pretty
much the same as the basement. Now when she reached the second floor, for some reason a
ruckus started.

It seemed like these lowlifes finally noticed that there was something wrong going on just as
she was snapping another neck.

“Fuck,” she whispered, dodging a sword that was swung at her. By the third floor, Ryoko was
heavily covered in blood. She cursed again sensing that there was not much time left to finish
things up here.

She cut one enemy, kicked another. The last one standing between her and the escape was
shaking with his sword. Ryoko scoffed and attacked. Quickly the man was disarmed. She
aimed her knife to his belly and made a long horizontal cut.

Then her arm reached inside. How reminiscent… she thought taking a hold on the man’s guts.
Ryoko pulled her hand out and turned around.

She ran full speed through the window with the guts clutched in her grasp. The glass
shattered all around her as the girl dropped down. She ran down the wall with the intestine
serving as a rope. Last meters to the ground she let go and landed on her feet.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Shit…”

“Report!”

“Eight just used the enemy's intestine as a rope, sir,” Viper said, almost not believing his own
words, but the byakugan saw what it saw. There was no mistake.

“Any survivors left?” Boar asked watching as Eight casually walked away from the building.

“Yes, I can see a couple on the third...” Viper didn’t manage to finish his sentence when a
loud explosion shook the ground. The building was engulfed in flames and started to crumble
down. “No survivors,” Viper deadpanned as they watched the flames.

The kid didn’t even turn back as they walked away! Eight simply jumped into the lake and
swam right back to them.

“Mission complete, sir,” Eight reported as water dripped from them. There was no trace of
blood left on the kid.



“What was that explosion, Eight?”

“A boiler tank, sir. An unfortunate accident it seems,” he could practically sense the kid
smiling behind that mask.

Boar didn’t comment any further. He stepped closer and took off the collar instead as Eight
was already starting to shiver from the swim in the cold water without chakra to warm up.

━━━━━━━━━━

Mikoto didn’t speak with him for a whole week. Itachi was colder than usual. At least the
elders took the news better. They whispered, but did not object. After all, their suggestion
about sending his kid to ANBU was met. Fugaku was grim and no one dared to object his
decision. Almost no one.

“Where issss my student?” Orochimaru cornered him one day as Fugaku returned home from
the Police Station.

“She has been recruited to ANBU,” the man didn’t see a point to lie to the sannin.
Orochimaru was high enough rank to figure this out himself in time.

“By whoooo?” there was a dangerous tone in the snake’s voice. Fugaku narrowed his eyes.

“By me. I have suggested her,” he said, keeping up with the tale he concocted. Orochimaru’s
reaction was rather odd to be completely honest. Looks like the sannin was more concerned
by whose idea it was rather than that it happened in the first place.

It made Fugaku second guess. Where did this idea come from? he wondered in silence
observing the pale man in front of him.

“I seeeee,” Orochimaru whispered and disappeared in a cloud of smoke.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

I used a lot of references from movies in this one ^^

The ravine part was a mix from "Chronicles of Riddick":




And Azula's fall from AtLA:


The gut part was from movie "Machete":




Chapter 17: Foxy Lady
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Commander read over the reports from Boar with complete focus. New recruit could mean
life or death for other agents working with them. Some showed potential and were passed.
Some failed. Out of eighteen candidates, only eight were moved to the last stage.

Talking about eight… Recruit Eight. He understood why Boar moved with the Level 3
program only after reading the detailed account of what happened. This child showed
potential. They would fit in the ranks just like fish to water.

No, not they - she. Commander was pretty certain that no matter the results from the last
stage, the girl would pass, so anonymity was no longer enforced inside the ranks.

“Commander! Recruits are ready,” Boar reported after stepping into his office.

“Understood. I will be taking Eight,” he said standing up. As usual, when it came to kids
below age fourteen, he personally conducted the last stage of the examination.

It has been two weeks now since the process began. They thoroughly checked all the known
skills of the candidates and all the unknown talents too. From taijutsu, ninjutsu, genjutsu,
intellect to psychology. Every detail had to be noted and accounted for.

Commander shunshinned to T&I basement and walked to the cell reserved for ANBU
training. This was necessary and had to be done with great care. While other ANBU agents
tested the older recruits, he stepped into the room where Eight was already sitting strapped to
the chair.

He stopped and watched the girl. Kami, her feet didn’t even reach the ground. She wasn’t
moving or showing any other reaction to his presence.

Commander had a family and kids. That is why he personally tortured young candidates. As
a parent himself, the man would know when to stop.

“Eight, do you have any questions?” he asked as the seals activated when the door closed
behind him. Privacy seals would contain any screams. There were no windows. Not even a
two-way mirror.

“No, commander.”

The girl was given a scroll beforehand with a code phrase. Now his job was to make her
crack. To see how far an enemy would have to go to break his agent. The chakra suppressing
collar was already on the girl.

Her being an Uchiha, they could not allow any chakra. She would break his genjutsu in an
instant. That much she already proved during genjutsu spars.



“Let us begin.”

Commander weaved a genjutsu as he stood behind the girl, just in case she would recognize
the hand signs. The room around them started to melt. His appearance took another shape.
That of an enemy he once killed.

He leaned to the girl’s ear. “What is the code word?”

Silence. He proceeded with the usual. His hand landed a slap to Eight’s face. “Talk!” In
reality, Commander has not moved an inch. The simulation of pain was all in Eight’s head.
But that didn’t mean it felt any less real.

Silence. She didn’t yelp or make a single sound. For a while, that was the only thing echoing
around the two - the sound of flesh hitting flesh. He grabbed onto her neck and squeezed just
enough to make her choke.

“Code. Word,” he growled staring into the dark eyes no longer covered by the mask. She
looked resigned and void of any emotion, despite her gasping for air.

Silence. The room melted around them again. Images of fire and war appeared. Konoha
shinobi skewered like meat on long speers. Commander put even a few Uchiha in the mix of
the fake bodies.

Silence. Not even a flinch. This lasted for hours. Horrible images of torture and literal
nightmares.

He appeared again as yet another fallen enemy. His hand reached towards her face slowly.
The girl didn’t shy away like most would after the hours of beating he did just now.

“You leave me no choice…” he said as the hand trailed down from her chin to the neck and
lower. It was repulsive, but it had to be done. He expected to get a response at this stage, but
Commander just didn’t expect… this!

Eight started to laugh. His hand stilled on her thigh.

“Something funny, bitch?”

“Maaaa, I didn’t peg you for a pervert. What is it? Unbound women are not giving you any?”
she dared to taunt him. Sometimes this happened, but her voice lacked the usual despair other
recruits showed.

He hit her hard in the stomach. She gasped and then laughed even harder. “Ooooh? Did I hit a
nerve, big guy? You like little girls?” she cocked a crooked smile at him as the imaginary
blood trailed from her mouth.

Commander stilled again. He was impressed with her lack of fear and tolerance to pain. She
was promising. The surroundings again started to shift and melt. It changed from one
nightmare to the other. His killing intent filled the room.



The man expected the girl to at least shiver by now. Instead, she continued to smirk bathing
in the deathly aura around them as if it was sunshine.

Her psychological stability was impressive. Too healthy, if you would ask him, especially
knowing that her sensei was Orochimaru-sama of all people. That would explain her
tolerance to KI at least.

They were almost done. Commander would have finished already, but he just had this urge to
try something more… He had to know what was her breaking point.

It looked like the room changed back to its original shape and form. He made fake hand signs
pretending to release the genjutsu in front of her. Then the door opened and two 'ANBU
agents' brought inside a person with a bag over their head.

ANBU left. Commander stepped closer to the person and took the bag off to reveal none
other than Itachi Uchiha himself. It was a genjutsu, but for the girl, without chakra, he was as
good as the real deal.

Now he noticed a change. Despite her leisurely smirk, the corners around her eyes twitched.
Commander suspected as much. Uchiha were well known for their crazy obsession with their
family. It wasn’t a bad thing until you are caught by the enemy.

He forced ‘Itachi’ to kneel on the ground in front of Eight. With a knife in his hand, he
grabbed a fistful of hair.

“Codeword.”

The girl’s mouth twitched. She was struggling to keep her silence now. No more taunts. Her
eyes just bore into her blindfolded brother. He slowly pressed the blade to ‘Itachi’s’ neck.
Usually, he would make illusions speak or beg, but he imagined that the Uchiha heir would
do no such thing.

“Last chance.”

Silence. Commander made a quick slash. Blood sprayed onto the bound girl. ‘Itachi’ dropped
limply to the floor gargling something incoherent and twitching. He observed as Eight’s eyes
widened. She was shivering.

She didn’t look away or couldn’t by now he guessed. He dispersed the illusion for real this
time, but the girl was still staring at the spot her brother was laying dead just a moment ago.

Shit… he cursed noticing a single tear roll down her cheek. He stepped over a line.

Yes, tears were common in this stage, but not like this… He knew now that he went too far.
She was still a child after all. Looks like he forgot that little detail. A careless mistake...

“Eight!” he called for the girl who was now shaking. She didn’t respond. Commander
stepped closer and undid the bounds. Then he removed the collar. “Eight! The session is over.
It was a genjutsu,” he said sternly, but it seemed like she didn’t even notice him.



Yamanaka will have his head if he just broke the child with his stupid curiosity. Scratch that.
Fugaku-sama will have his head. And probably share it with Orochimaru-sama. He cursed
again inside his head and crouched next to her.

“Ryoko, you are in Konoha. Itachi is alive and well, understand?” he said carefully. Only the
mention of her brother got the girl to look up at him. She was teary-eyed.

For a moment there he really thought that this child was made out of stone. That was what
prompted him to use this technique in the first place. Obviously, he was wrong. She gasped
for air as the iron hold she had over her emotions crumbled.

The man scooped the girl up into his arms and hugged her. One hand brushed calming circles
on her back, just like he would do to his own children when they got nightmares.

“Breath in. And out. In. And out,” he couched patiently until her breathing was steady again.
After a couple more minutes, he let go. Eight now stood before him calm again, eyes slightly
red.

“Did… I fail, commander?” she asked carefully.

“You did not give up the code word. You pass,” he said the verdict. She was young and
needed to learn how to deal with experiences like this. It is good to locate the triggers in the
safe environment of their village.

Commander looked deep into her eyes from behind his mask. When I’m done with her,
nothing will break her again… he vowed.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko walked along the corridor of the headquarters slightly dazed. The whole experience in
T&I shook her up. Genjutsu she could deal with. The pain she could endure. Seeing her
brother hurt… she thought she could handle it.

Her mind screamed that it had to be fake. But the blood on her face felt warm. The smell was
of copper felt real. The sounds… Somehow everything put together overwhelmed Ryoko.
She blamed it on her growing hormonal body.

“What are you doing here?” a cold voice made Ryoko stop and lookup. She blinked at the
boy blocking her way.

“Sightseeing,” she deadpanned. Next moment a kunai was placed on her neck. Ryoko didn’t
have it in her to react so she gave a blank stare at that one annoying eye peering at her from
above.

“Bullshit.”

“Maaa, you really are a genius, Bakashi,” she smirked with sarcasm.

“Hound! Stand down!” Boar’s voice ordered a few steps away. Reluctantly, the boy pulled
back from her.



“I was just showing my new kunai, to my friend here,” he said.

“Yup, it’s really cool,” Ryoko nodded. She didn’t hear it but could feel Boar sigh.

“Don’t be late,” the older man only said before he left. She nodded, taking out a mask from
inside her vest and putting it on her face.

Kakashi growled at her and did the same. His eye lingered on the mask she wore. No longer
was it plain porcelain. She was now an ‘animal’ just like him.

Ten minutes later, Ryoko stood on a stage next to other new agents. There were seven in total.
All wearing new masks. In front of them stood the rest of ANBU.

“These are the new recruits. Teams will be assigned in the next forty-eight hours,”
Commander announced after voicing each of their code names.

Fox. That is how Ryoko will be known from now on. Personally, she thought it funny to even
have a code name, when it was abundantly clear who she was. Her height, hair, and stance
alone screamed Uchiha.

━━━━━━━━━━

She returned home after debriefing. Her uniform and mask were left in her new locker at the
ANBU HQ. By her count, it was a bit more than two weeks since she left for the Hokage’s
tower.

Ryoko yawned as she stepped inside. All new members were given a single day off and she
planned on sleeping the whole time. Her footsteps were silent as she made her way to her
room. Tired eyes closed as soon as she dropped on the bed.

Sweet and soft bed. How she missed it. No wonder, she woke up only after someone started
violently shaking her shoulder a few hours later. Her eyes opened up lazily to see Itachi’s face
inches away.

“Hey, bro,” she yawned. The boy didn’t lose time in hugging her tightly.

“You’re back!” he whisper yelled into her ear. She felt like a rag doll, but it was nice to see
Itachi again. Ryoko hugged the boy back, inhaling his scent. He was there, alive and well.

Somehow, he managed to drag her out of bed and into the dining room. Itachi’s hold was
replaced by Mikoto’s bone-crushing hug. Ryoko sighed. At this moment, she would probably
choose to endure more T&I.

“Welcome back,” her father said from his seat at the head of the table. She gave a wave in his
direction after mother let her go. He looked serious as usual.

“ANE!” a little bundle tackled her side. She smiled at Sasuke and ruffled his hair. So much
affection! As if they thought she wasn’t coming back.



After a hefty breakfast, father asked to speak with her in his study. As much as Ryoko wanted
to return back to her bed, she followed him inside. The door closed and she felt privacy seals
activate.

“Yes, father?” she asked curiously with her head tilted to the side slightly. Fugaku frowned
and she couldn’t pinpoint what emotion was that on his face.

“Ryoko, don’t ever do that again.”

“Hn?”

“Go behind my back,” he clarified. She had almost forgotten about that little part of her plan.
Ups. Ryoko didn’t have a chance to answer, as Fugaku now smothered her in a hug. He didn't
show affection like this often and it really left Ryoko stunned.

“I love you, child, but why were you so reckless? What were you thinking?” he chastised
after pulling away to look directly into her eyes.

“That I have to protect Itachi?” Ryoko offered.

“Ah, Ryoko. Don’t you think your brother can protect himself?”

“He can… but… ANBU would not be good for him! You know how he is… Itachi wants to
save lives, not take them,” she frowned.

Fugaku exhaled deeply but didn’t argue. Who else if not close family would know the truth
about Itachi. “What is done is done. As far as anyone is concerned, I ordered you,” he then
said.

“Thank you, dad,” she smiled at him and hugged the man for good measure. It was somewhat
exciting to conspire together with Fugaku. Felt like old times.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Sensei, are you still mad at me?” Ryoko pouted trailing behind Orochimaru.

“I am not mad. I am dissssappointed,” he snapped back. Ryoko thought that the sannin was
overreacting. She joined ANBU, not Root. So technically she didn’t break any promises.

“Sensei! ANBU is fun! I like it there,” Ryoko spent two weeks in the ranks officially now.
She had about seven missions during that time with her new team. It was refreshing to work
with someone consistently.

Of course, the agents looked at her with skepticism, but steadily she earned their respect one
kill at a time. While other ANBU still gave her odd looks, whenever Ryoko walked the
corridors of the shadow ranks.

Female agents were cold too the first few days she encountered them in the locker rooms.
The first time, they openly gaped and scoffed when Ryoko entered. The cold wavered when
she was assigned to the team specializing in assassinations. It completely melted after she



successfully finished her first missions. Ryoko proved herself slowly but surely. They could
not deny her competence for too long.

“Ohh, issss that so? So working with me was not fun?” Orochimaru raised an eyebrow as he
placed a book back to the shelf of his laboratory.

“Sensei! Don’t say that!” the man was acting like a jealous lover. Ryoko swears that the
whole village had a grave misconception about Orochimaru being colder than the Land of
Frost. “I am not going anywhere. We can still train and go on missions. You won’t get rid of
me that easily,” she frowned, crossing arms over her chest.

“Tsk!” he scoffed, but a small smile tugged on his thin lips.

“Sensei! You will always be my favorite teacher. Please don’t be upset with me,” she pushed
with a fake pout. Although her words were no lie. Orochimaru exhaled.

“I’m not taking you on any missssssions for at least a month,” he said, narrowing his eyes.
“Now hand me that scalpel,” he motioned casually.

Ryoko perked up with a smile. This was a start. She would coax the snake again. Orochimaru
didn’t look as upset anymore at least.

━━━━━━━━━━

Commander usually could enjoy the calm of the ANBU headquarters. A great benefit to
leading underground and secret ranks. Nobody bothered him, unlike the more public Jonin
commander or head of T&I.

So imagine his surprise when someone ambushed him walking home. Commander was not
wearing his mask or cloak. He looked like any other civilian. Incredibly bland and
nondescript. Yet Fugaku Uchiha himself now casually walked by his side.

“Uchiha-sama. What brings you down here?” he asked respectfully. Commander would be
more concerned if it weren’t the clan head. They tended to have access others didn’t. They
knew things others didn’t. As for the polite question… It wasn’t hard to guess why Fugaku
was here.

“Hn. My daughter. I would like to hear your assessment of her progress.”

“Uchiha-sama, with all due respect, you should be aware that our missions are highly
classified.”

“Not mission progress. Ryoko’s progress.”

Commander stopped and looked at the man next to him. He gets it. He really does. That need
to find out if your children are doing alright. The worry you have to carry hidden from the
public. He gave one nod and motioned towards a civilian bar.

They settled in the back. Commander got himself a glass of beer, while Fugaku settled for
sake. He proceeded to share some of his observations about the girl's skills, intelligence, and



endurance. He also mentioned her deep concern for her family. Fugaku didn’t look surprised.

“She is doing well, Fugaku-sama. You needn’t worry.”

“Hn. Please let me know if that changes.”

“Of course.”

━━━━━━━━━━

If the commander understood Fugaku’s worry, then Orochimaru was a complete mystery.
When Boar first presented his idea of involving the sannin with ANBU training, he could
understand the agent's reasoning. Yet he was not that naive to think that Orochimaru would
agree with it.

He was wrong. Snake sannin offered to discreetly review ANBU agent statistics and prepare
a personalized regiment for each of them! Why was secrecy needed, the commander didn’t
ask. He accepted the arrangement.

Only the Hokage, Boar, and himself knew about the sannin’s involvement. Commander
looked over the paperwork Orochimaru presented him and was right away impressed. The
insight into his agent’s skills was sharp as a kunai. Each ANBU now had a couple of pages of
instructions and regiments listed for them.

Except for Fox. She got at least ten pages. “Of course. That’s why he agreed,” commander
sighed looking over the report for the child in question. Now it was clear where the sannin’s
generosity came from.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko sat in a small meeting room with her ANBU team. It consisted of the Viper she met
during her first week as a recruit. Then there was a woman with a mask of a Cheetah. Their
captain was another man with a Wolf mask.

As usual, while in the HQ they weren’t wearing their masks. Ryoko made sure to remember
her team's appearance in great detail along with the feel of their chakra. She was relieved not
to sense anything off about them.

Viper turned out to be a stoic Hyuga with a very sarcastic tongue. She liked him. Cheetah was
a tall beautiful woman with bleach-blond hair. Very deceivingly fragile looking. While Wolf
looked like everything you would imagine a captain to look like. Tall, broad shoulders,
serious face, dark brown hair, and cold calculating eyes. A perfect team of predators, Ryoko
often mused.

“Alright, team, here are your new personal regiments from the commander to improve your
skills,” Wolf announced giving out pieces of paper to each. Ryoko noticed right away that she
had the most. She pursed her lips but managed to suppress a scoff.

Did the commander really think so little of her skills? It was a natural and logical thought. It
was also quickly discarded when the girl actually flipped through the pages. Her eyebrows



narrowed.

“Anything the matter, Fox?” the captain asked noticing her reaction.

“The commander prepared these?”

“I am at no liberty to say. But it was given out by the commander, yes.”

“Hn.”

“Care to elaborate?” one thing she didn’t quite like, was the captain's need to make her talk.
He was not very accepting of the Uchiha kind of language or the lack of it.

Ryoko sighed. “I am pretty sure I know who prepared these… That paranoid old…” she
muttered reading over her regiment. “Yeah, I am almost certain that Orochimaru sensei
prepared these, Taicho,” Ryoko deducted with a nod. She would know after training with the
sannin for so long.

“REALLY? No shit!” Cheetah cackled. Ryoko liked her language, while Viper sent a
disapproving stare. “Mine too?” the woman passed her own pages to Ryoko.

“Yes,” she confirmed.

“Alright. No matter who prepared this, your task will be to abide by the regiment, am I
clear?”

“Yes, Taicho,” they all answered in chorus.

“Now, our next mission…”

━━━━━━━━━━

Wolf had his reservations at first when the new ANBU members were sorted into teams. He
couldn’t understand why a child was placed into his care. The missions his team ‘Ko’ did
were less than savory or fitting for the young.

He proceeded with caution the first few missions. After a week, he felt comfortable enough to
test Fox in the field. Now he understood exactly what the commander was thinking.

As Fox was slicing one neck after the other, Wolf nodded with approval. Yes, she will fit in
just fine.

Another thing that worried him was having a Hyuga and an Uchiha in the same team. He
expected to have to diffuse any conflicts, or for there to be at least tension. There was none.
Viper had a sharp tongue, but the girl would only smirk at his remarks without getting
provoked.

Wolf had a sense that the girl was still holding back in front of them. Like she was still
testing the waters before she opened up. He didn’t mind it as long as she did her work and
eventually gave into the team dynamic.



“Are you ready?” he asked Cheetah.

Team Ko got a mission to seduce the target before killing him. It was needed, so, to leave a
tarnished reputation for the target. Killed by a whore was the assignment.

“Yes, Captain,” the blond responded, adjusting her short and provocative kimono. She would
be the bait to lure the target into the reserved room upstairs. He gave her a tiny almost
invisible earpiece for communication and then the woman left.

Wolf, Viper, and Fox stayed in the room waiting. Viper activated his eyes to track the actions
downstairs.

“Alright, our intel was that he likes sweet ones,” Wolf talked into the radio connected to
Cheetah’s earpiece. “What’s the situation?” he turned to Viper.

“The target is seated with a girl on each side. He has shown no interest in Cheetah yet.”

Thirty minutes passed with no progress. Viper reported back every five minutes about how
the target drank, laughed, dropped money left and right. He was a powerful businessman. It
was rather odd that he showed no interest in the blond. Their intel was very clear…

“Taicho, may I?” Fox extended her hand towards the radio. He thought for a second before
nodding. The girl took the device and spoke into it.

“Cheetah. Listen carefully and do exactly as I say,” little minx mimicked his voice so that
Cheetah would not be caught off guard from the change. “Walk straight to him. Look him
dead in the eyes as you straddle his lap with confidence.”

“She’s doing it,” Viper added with a scrunched face looking somewhere down below them.
“The target looks interested!”

“Good,” Fox continued. “Now grab him by the hair, pull his head back, and slowly spit in his
mouth. Then walk away upstairs.”

Viper’s head snapped at Fox at such speed, that a loud crack could be heard. He didn’t have
enough time to comment, because it looked like something was happening below.

“Shit… the target.. He’s following Cheetah!” Hyuga reported back mildly shocked. Wolf just
observed in silence. This was… something. He didn’t recall any kunoichi handbook having
such instructions…

“They are close!” Viper then said and the three of them scattered into the shadows of the
room. After that, the mission ended just as planned - with their target dead in a brothel
bedroom.

“Fox, why... Did you suggest… that?” Wolf asked as they were heading back to Konoha.

“WAIT! That was FOX?” Cheetah almost stumbled from the revelation.



“Hn,” the little girl gave a half shrug. He kept staring as their unspoken indication for the
Uchiha to elaborate. “Well, the target seemed like a powerful man. People like that often
want to be treated like the trash they truly are. I mean, if a girl did that to you, wouldn’t you
be curious and follow her?”

She had a point... But still! Wolf was sure that he would never let a woman spit in his mouth.
That was just nasty. Although… He might not be that against it if ANBU agent Mantis did
that… The man shook his head slightly and chose not to question Fox further. He didn’t want
to know where she got such ideas.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

There were some comments questioning how Ryoko looks, so here you go ^^

 



Art Reference



 



Art Reference

 

This is how Ryoko looks like by the end of the chapter when she is not in ANBU
uniform. Plus a jonin vest:






Art Reference

Any and all fanart is very welcome :)



Chapter 18: Calm Before the Storm
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Pts! Someone’s following you!” Anko murmured to Ryoko’s ear as they stopped by a food
stall in Konoha’s market.

“I know. Some creep,” she shrugged casually and picked up a sweet to purchase.

“Let’s fuck ‘im up!” her friend’s eyes positively shimmered. Ryoko thought for a second.
Well, she was a bit curious to see who exactly found the nerve to trail her around.

“Sure, why not, it’s my birthday after all,” young Uchiha smirked at Anko. The two giggled
and walked away towards one of the training grounds. He would have to come out sooner or
later. Because it of course had to be a ‘he’ to have the audacity to track the two of them.

“Alright, you there, come out!” Ryoko abruptly stopped and turned around with hands tightly
crossed over her chest. She is now twelve years old and Kami help them if people will
continue to treat her like a baby by spying on her.

There was a sound in the bushes and then a blob of green assaulted her vision. She was
repulsed and impressed by the audacity of this boy. Spandex suit? Really?

“AH! I would expect nothing less from the rival of my eternal rival!”

“Who are you?” she demanded.

“I am Maito Gai, but people call me the Leaf's Noble Gentleman!” the boy made obnoxious
thumbs up with the widest smile she has ever seen.

“Oh Kami, Gai…” Anko rolled her eyes. She was obviously familiar with this teen.

“Why are you following me?” Ryoko narrowed her eyes. She didn’t sense anything sinister
about the boy, yet he still gave her the creeps.

“FIGHT ME!” his eyes were big and sparkling. Ryoko swears that an illusion of chirping
birds took shape behind the teen.

“Why should I?”

“If I ever want to beat my Eternal Rival, I must conquer his rival as well! Rival of a rival! Let
the power of youth explode by us trading our fists!”

“Eternal Rival?” she raised an eyebrow.

“YES. Kakashi of course. He is my eternal rival!”



“Hn. Well, I hate to disappoint you, Gai-san, but I and Kakashi are not rivals.”

“Oh?” the teen blinked dumbfounded.

“Oh yes. We are just very good friends,” Ryoko said sarcastically. It all started with that one
meeting in the ANBU HQ when Kakashi jokingly called her his friend. From then on, Ryoko
too called him that with no less sarcasm behind the words.

Somehow their running joke born from animosity to each other spiraled into people actually
believing that they are friends. It’s not like that was true… They only ever made fun of each
other… Or spared… Or tried to sabotage each other without the other noticing…

So clearly they were nowhere near the zone of friendship.

“Ah! What a grave mistake I made!” Gai brushed off a tear and got even closer to Ryoko
grasping her gloved hands into his. “Look deep into my eyes and accept my sincere apology!
Also, notice my handsome manly features.”

A real shiver went down Ryoko’s spine from the smile he gave her. It was so… genuine!
Creepy.

“No problem, honest mistake. Hn,” she muttered.

“I will do four hundred laps around the village to repent for my insinuation! I never wanted
to disrespect Kakashi’s dearest of friends.”

Before Ryoko or Anko could say anything else, the boy was gone, leaving only a trail of dust
cloud behind.

“Ooookay,” Ryoko nodded at that. She really hoped never to see the boy again.

“Don’t mind him. He’s always like this,” Anko laughed. Ryoko gave her a suspicious glance.

“Why are you laughing, Red?”

“I didn’t know you and the stuck-up Kakashi were besties.”

“We’re not,” Ryoko deadpanned.

“Hmm. Alright. Soooo, what are you doing later today?”

“Training,” she shrugged.

“With who?”

“Sensei…”

“Aaaaand?”

“...”



“Aaaaaaaaaaaand?”

“Bakashi.”

“You are besties!”

“I’ll make you eat your words!” Ryoko growled as she quickly unsealed her scythe and
attacked her friend. Anko laughed as she drew her senbon to defend herself.

“Koko, even your birthdays are the same month!”

Ryoko stopped mid-swing. “Bullshit.”

“You’re both September babies!”

“How do you even know when his birthday is?” she narrowed her eyes even more at Anko.
Ryoko’s lips turned into a smirk. “OH myyyy! You like the idiot!”

“NO!”

“You want to kissssss him… You want to huuuuug him... You want to looooove him... You
want to smooooooch him... You want to…” Ryoko cackled in a sing-song voice as Anko tried
her best to land a hit on the Uchiha.

“I stalked him only ONCE! ONCE!” her little friend panted.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko stepped into Orochimaru’s home a couple of hours before the spar. She found her
sensei sitting by the kitchen table and staring without blinking at a pile of parcels on it.

“Sensei?” she called out stepping closer.

“Ryoko, have you noticed anything ssssstrange going on with your colleagues?” he was
obviously referring to ANBU. She considered the question for a moment.

“No more than usual. Some oddballs as expected,” meaning ‘there are a couple of Root
agents, but nothing concerning’.

“Hmmmm.”

“Sensei? Is something the matter?”

“Most definitely yesssss! I have been getting gifts from sssssome of your friends with thank
you notes!” she smirked. Indeed, how appalling.

“Well, that makes sense,” the girl shrugged, reaching to inspect one parcel only for
Orochimaru to grab her wrist.

“They could be poissssssoned! Or with paper bombs!” he hissed at her.



“No, I don’t think so,” she shrugged nonchalantly. Orochimaru narrowed his eyes and tugged
the girl closer.

“What. Do. You. Know.”

“Well, everyone was really impressed and grateful for your training regimen. Many noticed
improvements already,” she explained. And indeed, no matter how secretive the Commander
was, all ANBU somehow knew who was behind their new training schedule. She heard more
praise towards her sensei in these past months than over the four years he had been her
teacher.

Orochimaru sighed, let her go, and started to rub his temples. “I don’t like thisssss,” he
muttered.

“Why?”

“Remember what we talked before, Ryoko? About the councilman Dannnnnzo?” she gave a
nod. “Has he approached you recently?”

“Nop.”

“Hmmm, sssstrange…”

“Why do you ask, sensei?”

“I have noticed him being in a rather fowl mooooood these past months...”

“Oh?” Ryoko blinked innocently. This reaction didn’t slip through Orochimaru. He looked
down at the girl with suspicion.

“Do I even want to know?”

“Nop,” she smiled brightly at the man. It’s not like Ryoko was blind herself. She kept track
and tried to remember each ANBU who felt like he was from Root. She also kept a very
close sense of Danzo’s chakra.

Indeed, even she noticed the air around the old creep change. He was fuming about
something. Ryoko guessed that it might have something to do with the Uchiha giving him
odd stares and overall rumors going on about him being creepy. What in turn made civilians
and other clans take a closer eye at Danzo even though Uchiha were not the kind to gossip
outside the clan. People just had eyes.

She noted that the man steered clear of the orphanages now. Good she thought to herself. Her
father in the past life always hated child abusers. Danzo definitely felt like a prominent
pedophile at least.

“You’ll be the end offfff me,” Orochimaru let an exasperated sigh as he brushed the silky hair
out of his face.



“I love you too, sensei,” Ryoko chirped and went to the training grounds, to allow the sannin
a moment of peace to take in her words. He was still very awkward when it came to
expressing emotions. She didn’t mind. For psychopaths like them, emotions took years of
practice to perfect and be able to express.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Do I have to go?”

“Are you part of the clan?”

“Yes…”

“Then you have your answer,” Mikoto was grinning from ear to ear as she shoved a kimono
into Ryoko’s hands. She sighed silently accepting her fate.

An hour later, their family was in the clan’s families gathering. There were a lot of people, all
with the children running around like maniacs. Ryoko reminisced about the previous events,
which were far more peaceful.

Then her eyes spotted the color gray. She smirked and approached her target with stealth.

“Huh, what do they have on you to force you into this event, Bakashi?” she jabbed him with
her elbow. The teen scoffed at her.

“Maaa, I see you’re looking like a decent girl for once.”

“Ah! Rude! But you still didn’t answer my question, scarecrow,” the urge to show her tongue
at Kakashi was great.

“Sensei asked...” he grumbled.

“Hmm, I would still kick your ass even wearing a kimono,” she remarked casually.

Kakashi glanced at her a couple of times. She could swear there was a tiny smile behind his
mask.

“Training ground seven,” was all he said before walking away.

Ryoko smirked. The boy was way too easy to manipulate around. But he was also a good
opponent to fight against. Thirty minutes later, Ryoko managed to duck out of the premises
and stepped into the training grounds where Kakashi was already waiting for her.

She felt like she just stepped into an old movie about samurai fights. The wind blews making
the fabric of their kimono’s shimmer. Their standoff began.

“Why don’t you ever use sharingan in our fights?” Kakashi asked out of the blue.

“That would be an unfair advantage over you,” Ryoko replied simply. The boy raised his
hand and lifted his headband to reveal the forever active eye of his.



“I don’t see anything unfair here.”

“Hmmm,” she hummed considering the chances. “Pft, you dare to show that eye to me?” the
mood shifted quicker than Kushina devoured her bowl of ramen. A chill went down their
bodies.

“It was a gift,” he spat out.

“Is that so?” she smirked. “If that’s such a precious gift to you, how dare you to neglect it
like this? Don’t insult me.”

“What?”

“Your eye is barely more advanced than that of a sharingan novice! Have some respect.”

“Bitch.”

Ryoko laughed at that. “Maaaa, based on our masks, you’re the bitch here.”

That was the last straw. Both launched at each other in sync. They didn’t have their usual
weapons or mobility of their usual uniforms, but their actions were no less graceful as they
both were seasoned shinobi.

Ryoko heard her kimono rip from one particular kick. It revealed her naked skin to the
moonlight. But that didn’t stop either of them to continue with the fight. It was a brutal yet
elegant encounter.

They could barely stand by the sunrise.

“I hate you!” Kakashi panted brushing blood from his cheek.

“Feeling's mutual,” she nodded adjusting her sprained ankle.

They turned away from each other settling for the tie. There was silence.

“...”

“Same time next Friday?” Kakashi whispered.

“Hn,” Ryoko exhaled and vanished in a gentle swirl of smoke and flames like a suppressed
explosion being sucked into the void.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Fox, are you ready?” Wolf asked looking over the team. They were on another delicate
assassination mission. This time Cheetah's expertise would not cut it, so he made the decision
to test the girl’s skills instead.

“Yes, Taicho,” Fox responded with an uncanny sweetness to her voice. She was already in
character. The girl was wearing a delicate yukata of pastel colors. She looked nothing like the



cold-blooded killer he grew to know.

“Target is approaching!” Viper announced.

They all scattered with their own disguises in place, while Fox walked slowly into the market
with wide innocent eyes as you would expect for a lone child.

He watched as Fox looked lost. Looking around with her face getting more alarmed by the
second. Their target took note of the girl instantly and approached.

“Hey there, little one, are you lost?” the sleazy fat man leaned closer. Fox startled and
stepped back on cue. She looked around frantically, her lip trembled just a bit. “Hey, hey,
don't be scared. Where are your parents?”

“I...I… don’t know,” she trembled and shied away. The man stepped closer extending his
hand with a warm smile.

“Ohh? It is dangerous for a little girl like yourself to wander around. Let me help you,” he
smiled and smiled. Fox looked hesitant. The man lost his patience and grabbed her hand.
“Come, I’ll help you,” he cooed.

Fox looked around one more time and gave a hesitant nod.

The two walked away. Woolf followed discreetly. So far, everything went by the plan.
Usually, clan kids would not be forced into positions like that, but they were ANBU. There
were no exceptions, no matter who you were behind that mask.

Very quickly, the man took Fox into a shabby inn, where very few questions would be asked.
It wasn’t hard for Wolf to find the room their target booked. As he perched on the tree outside
the window, Viper and Cheetah joined him.

“There’s the signal,” Viper whispered and they went inside.

Fox was seated on a chair, while… their target was humping a pillow on the bed. Completely
ignorant of their intrusion.

“What the…” Cheetah scoffed.

“Genjutsu,” was all that Fox said.

“Sssh ssssh, baby, I’m your daddy now,” the target cooed to the pillow, making them all very
uncomfortable to understand exactly what kind of genjutsu he was in.

“Let’s get this over with,” Wolf ordered. He probably will have to ask Fox to visit a
Yamanaka after this...

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter End Notes

Events of this chapter are spread over around six months time.



Chapter 19: Trouble in the Clouds

Ryoko hadn’t played with Shikaku for a while. So his invite was welcome and she stopped by
Nara compound the same evening. The girl noticed their little boy sprawled on the tatami
floor sleeping without a care in the world.

“Ryoko, come,” Shikaku called from the inner garden where they usually played on the
porch. To her surprise, the man was not alone. Next to him was the same redhead Akimichi
clan head and a blond pale-eyed Yamanaka. The holy trinity.

“Good evening,” Ryoko bowed her head slightly before taking a seat in front of Shikaku with
a shogi board between them.

“I think we have not met before. I am Inoichi Yamanaka,” the blond introduced with a kind
smile.

“Ryoko,” she said, minding her manners as the game started.

“Sooo,” Inoichi glanced between the girl and his friends. “I hear you have been doing well on
your missions?”

“Hn.”

“Chem. Well, if you ever want to talk about… anything… mission-related or not… you are
welcome to find me,” Yamanaka said, not at all smooth.

She glanced at him with suspicion. The man was acting weird. “Missions are classified,
Yamanaka-san,” she deadpanned.

“Haha! Yes, of course. I mean… if anything troubles you..” she raised one eyebrow.
Seriously? Ryoko had to wonder if the man was scared of her or simply awkward with
children.

“Hn.”

“You look concerned, Ryoko,” Shikaku retored casually as he made another move to get her
piece from the board.

“Hn. My brother’s birthday is coming. I am not sure what to gift him,” she said honestly,
turning her full attention back to the game.

“Ah, Itachi-san, right?” Akimichi man smiled. She couldn’t recall his name at the moment as
it was not significant to her.

“Hn,” she frowned.

The conversation flowed casually with minor effort from her side. For Ryoko, it felt like there
was a hidden agenda behind this invitation, but she could not yet say what exactly. Nor did



she care too much about their concerns.

Eventually, it looked like the Yamanaka head gave up on making her talk more than a few
words. Shikaku won both games that night. Just as Ryoko was about to leave, Inoichi joined
her with an excuse of leaving as well.

Ryoko walked in silence with no interest in starting another awkward conversation. Inoichi
thought differently.

“So, Ryoko-chan. Would you mind stopping by my office tomorrow?”

She glanced at him with slightly narrowed eyes. “Why?”

“Just to talk,” he responded with a kind smile.

“If I must,” she sighed unaware of the psychological warfare that awaited her. From that
point on Ryoko avoided Yamanaka at all costs. The man failed miserably at concealing his
actual intent in their meeting.

From the first sentence that came out of his mouth, she realized that he tried to psychoanalyze
her. He was looking for trauma or any other issues. Unfortunately for him, Ryoko was far too
knowledgeable about psychology to actually fall for it.

The only thing she did wonder was who exactly put up the Yamanaka to this task. That
person will pay dearly.

━━━━━━━━━━

Obito stirred in his sleep with unease. Something prompted him to wake up and the teen was
instantly startled by the figure perched on his window sill.

“KAKASHI! What the… what are you doing here???”

“Maaa, you should be more alert, Obito,” the boy said casually. Obito was not amused.

“What do you want?” he yawned shuffling out of his bed.

“...”

“I swear… if you are still paranoid… Listen, I am still here, you don’t have to stalk me,” he
sighed pulling on a shirt. Somehow he sensed that there would be no more sleep this night.

“I’m not stalking,” Obito gave a judgemental glance at his friend.

“Yeah, sure you’re not. So what are you doing here?”

“Hmmm… teach me how to use sharingan.”

Obito stopped mid pulling his led into one pant hole. A genuine smile pulled on his face. Not
in a million years did he expect the great Kakashi to ask for help from him.



“Before I actually agreed to this, what prompted you to want to advance your eye?” Obito
was honestly curious.

“Ahh, there is this pesky fox that I cannot get a read on. I think sharingan would help in
dealing with it…”

“A fox, huh?” he wasn’t buying it, but this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, so Obito
nodded. “Fine. Keep your secrets.”

He laughed and then both of the young teens left for a nearby training grounds. Obito
suspected that Kakashi actually wanted to improve because of his position in the Hokage’s
guard squad.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko flipped another page trying her best to concentrate on the text instead of the yelling
and squealing of children around her. For once mother persuaded her to take Sasuke to the
park. Even if her eyes were on the book, she never lost track of her little brother, who now
chased around some other kid.

Her concentration was momentarily disrupted when she sensed two ANBU appear
somewhere in a nearby tree. She looked around and noticed the cause. A little blond toddler
with the widest smile she has ever seen.

Hokage’s brat, she could tell by the hair alone. The little boy was like a mini copy of his
father. Behind him was Kushina. The redhead spotted her as well and waved. Ryoko sighed
with a short nod.

“Ryoko-chan! Nice to see you again!” the woman perched next to her, while her child joined
in the game of catch.

“Hn. Kushina-san.”

“You’re here with little Sasuke-kun?”

“Hn.”

Ryoko would rather join the ANBU in the tree instead of the mundane conversation she was
stuck in. On second thought… no, she wouldn’t want to join them. Her senses recognized one
of the chakra signatures. Kakashi undoubtedly was one of the guards stationed to watch over
Naruto.

Kushina managed to fill the silence with endless talk. She clearly had experience in handling
Uchiha and their manner of not speaking.

“Kushina-san, may I ask you a question?” Ryoko finally interrupted some story about ramen.

“Oh! Believe it! What’s up?”

“You are knowledgeable in fuinjutsu, is that correct?”



“Oh yes! We Uzumaki always prided ourselves in creating seals.”

“Could you explain to me how one would get started in learning this craft?” Ryoko wasn’t
particularly interested in the subject. But now at least she could lean back and listen to
something useful instead of plain gossip.

An hour later, a chunin messenger approached them. “Lady Uchiha, Hokage-sama has
summoned you,” he announced and left just as quickly. Ryoko closed her book and stood up
gladly ready to leave. She waved at Sasuke to come.

“Oh, Ryoko-chan, you can leave Sasuke-kun with me, I’ll look after the boy,” Kushina
offered with no bad intentions. Ryoko shook her head.

“Thank you, Kushina-san, but that would not feel right. You are welcome to bring Naruto-
kun for a playdate if you would like. I think my mother would enjoy your company,” she said
hoping to get two birds with one stone. Mikoto really needed to socialize more and stop
dragging her out on any possible occasion.

“Oh! That’s great! We will come!” redhead nodded just as Sasuke ran back with Naruto in
toe.

“Home?” the boy asked with sad eyes.

“Hn. Come, I’ll take you the ‘ninja way’,” she smiled at him and crouched to pick the boy up.
Sasuke no longer pouted, seemingly excited for her suggestion.

She sent one last nod towards the Uzumaki pair and then leaped away with her brother tightly
held in her arms. He aww’ed and ohh’ed as they leaped from one roof to the other. Shortly,
the boy was left home with Mikoto. While Ryoko left for the Hokage Tower in hope that the
mission will not take long. After all, Itachi's birthday was tomorrow.

She didn’t change into ANBU uniform as she guessed it was a regular mission she was
summoned for. Whenever Hokage needed his agents, he would call them via the tattoo.

“Hokage-sama,” she bowed slightly after entering the round office. There were already a few
other shinobi gathered. Among them, was even her brother. She stopped by his side and
waited.

“You’re going for an escort mission,” Minato announced reading from a mission scroll. “You
will leave today to Kumogakure border. There you will take over escorting Daimyo’s sister's
entourage back safely to the Land of Fire capitol. Keito will be the team leader.”

Ryoko glanced at the person in question. It had to be a Nara, she guessed by his appearance
and stance. Besides herself and Itachi there were four other shinobi she did not recognize.
What caught her attention, was three of them. Specifically, their chakra. It was cold as ice.
Still and unmoving.

Root… she instantly recognised. But they were never in ANBU from what she could tell. She
frowned sensing something bad in the air. She didn’t like it. Something about this mission



rubbed her the wrong way.

Thirty minutes later, their group met up again by the gates. She was wearing her usual dark
pants, dark long sleeve shirt with Uchiha crest, and a jonin vest on top. Ryoko adjusted her
gloves and looked around. The chakra of the three men felt exactly the same as back in the
Hokage tower.

“Something’s wrong, Koko?” Itachi whispered to her ear.

“Hn. It’s nothing,” she shook her head. The last thing she wanted was to involve her brother.
So when Team Leader suggested a diamond formation for their trip, Ryoko took dibs for the
back position. This way, she could keep her eyes on the whole team. Itachi took the front
position alongside Keito Nara.

They ran quickly over the familiar land. In two more hours, they crossed the Land of
Hotsprings and the Land of Frost. Ryoko was starting to think that her paranoia was
unwarranted when everything went to shit.

An explosion appeared from nowhere in the front of their group catching both Itachi and
Keiko off guard. They would have landed without much trouble, if not for the Root Asshole
#1 and #2 jamming senbon into their necks.

Ryoko barely had any time to react, but somehow evaded Root Asshole #3. Their last
comrade was caught in the blast and now laid motionless on the ground with blood pooling
around him. Her sharingan activated instantly and helped to evade the traitors.

She managed to kill one of them. The second one took some time, but also fell to the ground
from her fist engulfed in flames. The third one was gone. Ryoko stopped and looked around.
She could not sense him anywhere.

“Bitch,” the girl cursed leaping towards the limp body of her brother. She plucked the senbon
out of Itachi’s neck. Hesitantly her hands tried to use the medical diagnostic technique.

“You’re using too much chakra, Koko,” Itachi rasped, slowly opening his eyes.

“Itachi!” she yelped.

“Paralysing poison. Thankfully, my chakra is already taking care of it, but it will take time,”
the boy said, but he clearly could not move just yet.

Ryoko wanted to praise Kami for his medical ninjutsu skills when something came into her
sensory field. She counted at least twenty shinobi heading their way from the Lightning
Country direction.

Shit… No matter how skilled she was, Ryoko would not be able to defend against all of them
while protecting her comrades. Quickly, she dragged Itachi towards a tree. Then placed limp
Keiko next to him. And lastly the third fallen shinobi.

Time was running out. With a help of a clone, she tied up the fallen traitors and got their
bodies close by too.



“Itachi, listen,” she quickly shook her brother to get his fading attention back.

“Hn?”

“There are shinobi approaching. I will hide you all with a genjutsu and distract them until I
know if they are a threat or not. Do you hear me?”

“No… Koko.. don’t…” he croaked out, but she was already weaving hand signs for a
complicated concealment jutsu. One layer for smell. One for visual camouflage. Another for
sound. Then one more for visuals just in case.

Without wasting any more time, Ryoko leaped away and started to run in the opposite
direction, making sure that her chakra is noticed by the forces closing in. They followed her
without hesitation.

As the shinobi cleared the distance, Ryoko now could tell that at least ten of them were jonin
rank. Their chakra was bright and strong. She cursed aloud while taking off her vest on the
run. Couple jonin she could manage, but ten… and ten more chunin? That would be
troublesome.

Preparing for the worst, Ryoko took off her shirt with the Uchiha crest. From a single touch,
the Uchiha symbol burned away. She flung the ruined shirt to some bushes and leaped away
at the same time putting her vest back on. Underneath she was left only with bandages over
her chest and a mesh top. Not ideal, but a passable look. At least her ANBU tattoo was
hidden by a protective seal.

At this moment, her father's warning rang loud in her head. If you get caught, never let them
know that you are Uchiha… She didn’t want to get caught by some low lives, but taking
chances was not her way of life.

As she ran ahead. Her left leg faltered a step. Quickly her eyes noticed a senbon tip
glimmering from her thigh. Son of a whore! Ryoko cursed loudly as she took the needle out.
With adrenaline running high in her system, she didn’t even notice being hit until now.

The girl’s pace slowed significantly. Paralysis was slowly spreading through her system. She
felt them closing in… Ryoko hoped that she was far away because her legs could barely
move any further. She breathed heavily coming to a stop.

In a few seconds, she was surrounded by Kumo nin. Their headbands looked like the real
deal. Their chakra also felt normal. Ryoko widened her eyes in fake surprise and staggered
back.

“Get her!” one man ordered. Ryoko stepped back on instinct and stumbled. The next moment
chains erupted from the ground and wrapped around her.

Fan-fucking-tastic! she yelped, hitting hard the ground as she fell. Then another man hit her
on the head and Ryoko was out like a light.

━━━━━━━━━━



Ryoko came in and out of consciousness in waves. Her body felt cold as she realized that
someone was undressing her. Another waking moment she felt something being put on her.
Fabric… And… metal restraints? Another time a gust of ice-cold water was poured on her
causing the girl to gasp for air and wake completely.

She looked around to see only darkness. Her eyes had a hard time adjusting without the help
of chakra. Ryoko quickly took note of chakra suppressing cuffs on her wrists and a plain
white yukata covering her body.

Her eyes teared up as she imagined her brother dead. That is the only thought that could force
tears into her eyes. And tears were a girl's best friend in captivity. She let out a pathetic sob
unsure if anyone was there to listen.

“Please.. Where am I?” she whispered with a greatly exaggerated tremble.

Someone from behind grabbed her by the hair and pulled her head up. She heard a husky
voice. “Is this one of the shinobi who attacked the outpost?”

“Hmmm, not sure. They had masks,” another voice said. She only saw the shape of a person
hidden in the shadows.

The man behind her sent a kick to her gut. Ryoko forced a well-timed yelp and a choke as she
tried to curl up whimpering from ‘pain’. The hand in her hair only tugged harder to stop her.

“Why were you by our border, shinobi?” the man growled.

“Mission! Please… I just had to meet Daimyo’s entourage,” she said the truth, curious if the
whole mission was fake or only her so-called teammates.

“Then why did you run?” he whispered close to her ear. Ryoko shivered in response.

“I wa-wa-was scared… I-I-I didn’t know who you were…” she stuttered. In her mind what
Ryoko heard was …and the Oscar goes to…

“Let the Raikage deal with her,” another man said. Ryoko felt a pinch to her neck and down
she goes to the land of darkness.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko woke up the next time in a cell. She was still bound by her wrists. Still wearing the
same white yukata and nothing else. Still alive! She carefully looked around her ‘quarters’
and had to suppress a scoff.

Her acting paid off. They put her in a room with a window. It had thick bars, but an escape
route was an escape route. She would take it. There were three walls and bars served as the
fourth wall to her confinement.

Kumo nin obviously didn’t think much of her. With her chakra being suppressed, her genuine
stumbling and overall appearance of a young genin worked great together to build an image
of a novice.



If only they knew better, they would not have put only cuffs on her. She let a tiny smirk on
her lips appear as her thick black hair covered half of her face.

Without moving a muscle, not even breathing, she listened. She inhaled. She sensed. Most
shinobi would be lost without their chakra enhanced senses. But she was not most shinobi.
Ryoko was a born predator and could smell her prey from afar.

There were clearly some guards nearby as the smell of alcohol and tobacco was fresh in the
air. She shuffled off the metal bed she was on and stilled. Nothing. Nobody noticed her
waking up yet. The girl took this opportunity to jump up and grabbed on the metal bars.

She pulled herself up and sneaked a look outside. There were clouds. In the distance, she
heard the sounds of a village. But the quality of the air told her that she had to be somewhere
high up.

Her ears picked up the sound of steps. She quickly dropped down and curled back on the bed.
Ryoko turned her back to the bars and shivered. Steps got closer until they stopped a few
meters away.

Clung on the bars was a signal that someone opened them. Then there were steps again. The
girl flinched and turned around abruptly from those noises. Her wide eyes gazed at a big
imposing man. He was blond, tan, and shirtless. And he was the Raikage of Kumogakure.
Fuck.

“What do you want from me?” she whimpered pretending to hide her fear. Ah, it was an
elegant game of showing just the right emotions to fake distress. As the man stepped closer,
Ryoko scrambled to pull away as far as she could. Her back finally touched the wall. She was
very literally cornered.

“Who are you?” he asked leaning closer.

“Mi-mi-misa… Nabami,” Ryoko stuttered again, curling legs to her chest to make her look as
small and fragile as possible.

“What village are you from?”

“Konoha...” the girl whispered, dropping her eyes in shame. Shinobi knew better than to talk
in captivity, but her image as a frightened girl dictated that she would be loose-lipped. The
man hummed and reached for her wrists.

He effortlessly tugged her closer then raised her bound wrists high above Ryoko’s head. “Did
that stuck up Yellow Flash sent you?” he growled.

Ryoko blinked furiously with eyes wide. “Yes.. no… yes..” she stumbled on her words.

“So, which is it, girly?”

“I…” she choked up with fake tears while her mind coldly considered just how much she
should reveal. “I didn’t hurt anyone… I just had to meet Daimyo's sister’s entourage...” she
whispered.



“LIAR!” he gave her a sadistic smile. “Nobles left Kumo a week ago. Care to try again?”

Ryoko didn’t have to fake her surprise this time. “No! I’m not lying!” she said in a weak
voice. He chuckled as a shadow came over his face. Something or better yet someone really
fucked Konoha over with the intel, Ryoko considered.

Raikage leaned even closer and then… lowered her bound hands around his neck. It would
almost look like she was hugging him on her own violation if not for the cuffs. His forehead
was practically touching hers with their proximity.

“Last chance to come clean,” he whispered looking straight into her eyes. His hands now free
from holding her wrists landed on her tights and pushed them apart. Ryoko made an audible
gulp, while her insides were reeling with disgust and anger.

Calm.. Mind clear… No thoughts… she ordered herself to shy away from the murderous
ideas that came to her. Killing a shinobi would be one thing, but a Raikage… Even in a
situation like this, she had to escape discreetly. “Please… don’t…” the girl begged, forcing a
few tears to roll down her cheeks.

“Gooood, girl. I like when they beg,” he said and leaned to her neck.

Well, this is not how Ryoko imagined her first encounter with men in a shinobi world to be.
At least he didn’t go straight for her lips, because if he would have stolen her first kiss…
well, let’s just say Ryoko would reconsider caring about the political fallout from Raikage’s
death.

As it goes now, she dropped her head back, with pretend sobs and gasps as the man trailed
her neck with open mouth kisses. “Please.. Please..” she muttered waiting for her moment.

There! Ryoko gasped loudly when his hand reached between her legs. The sound she made
perfectly covered the noise of her thumb being dislocated right behind Raikage’s head. The
idiot… she laughed in her mind while squirming under him.

“Give up! You’re my bitch now,” he smirked and pushed the lapel of her yukata aside to
reveal her prepubescent breasts. Ryoko knew that she would have to make her move soon if
she wanted to avoid any further disgrace and violation.

As carefully as possible, her hand slipped front the cuff, as her thumb no longer was in the
way. One more. She needed one more chance. Ryoko inhaled deeply as the man started to
grope her tiny body.

“Please!! I am… I have never… please,” she whimpered implying her innocents. The creep
growled at her with obvious arousal. Men. Yet again so easy to manipulate and bend to her
will. He was quickly engulfed with lust and harshly squeezed her nipple between his fingers
to get another reaction from her.

Ryoko moaned out a startled scream. At the same time, her other thumb was dislocated. She
slid the handcuff off and… chakra returned to her like air. It was a brilliant feeling. She could
not dwell on it. The girl's eyes found the man’s gaze and then her sharingan activated.



Everything happened so quickly, that Raikage didn’t even have time to make a sound. He
slumped over her unconscious. Using a bit of chakra, Ryoko pushed him away and winced.
Right, her thumbs.

She inhaled and carefully set one finger after the other back in place. Not the most pleasant
experience, but it worked. It is said that predators like wolves if captured, would rather bite
off their paw than stay bound. She felt like a wolf.

Her predatory nature was in full swing. No longer was she trembling or crying. Face void of
emotion, eyes cold and calculating as she looked around.

Ryoko adjusted the darn yukata to cover herself again. Then she looked at the slumped man.
He would be an easy kill. Her hand trembled as she considered her options.

Death would be an easy way out for scum like this… she thought and smirked. A plan took
shape in her mind. Ryoko carefully clasped the cuffs on his wrists. Using chakra it was easy
to pick the lock.

Ryoko leaned to his face and carefully opened his eyelid to make eye contact with her
sharingan. The illusion in his head stemmed from his own memories of a regular day in
Kumogakure. She watched him walk around and ingrained the map of the city in her own
head. She could not go blind if she actually wanted to escape.

Quickly, Ryoko took note of some key buildings. First the prison tower she was in. Then the
ways out of the village. And then some buildings she could use for a distraction. The girl
pulled away after ten minutes of exploration. She left the man to live his day in the genjutsu.

She stood up and inhaled. There were many guards that she could sense around. And they
will come to check… Her hands already moved to create a genjutsu on the bars. Anyone
walking past this cell would witness their esteemed Raikage in a very provocative sexual
exchange. She added sounds and smells too for good measure. She imagined that he was a
loud moaner.

Then the girl turned around and looked outside through the window, as much as she could see
there were only clouds. Ryoko took another breath and shunshinned outside on the wall. With
help of chakra, she stuck to the wall instead of taking the long drop down.

Ryoko’s chakra was completely suppressed and she used the smallest amount for her jutsu.
With a complex genjutsu on top for camouflage. Careful but quick, that’s how she had to
move. And she did. The girl found her way down from the prison tower. Thankfully, the
guards were too laid back to notice her.

The idiots felt safe with the Raikage here. She took her chance and ducked into an alley.
There she put on a henge of a local woman from Raikage’s memory and walked away
cautiously. With all her efforts, Ryoko still managed to get unlucky.

As she turned the corner, the girl bumped into someone.



“Shit,” she cursed and activated her eyes again. It just had to be the same woman whose
appearance she took. Genjutsu was sometimes very handy to brainwash those with weak
minds. Ryoko convinced the woman that they were twin sisters…

“Misa! Long time no see!” the woman chirped, hugging her.

“Yeah..” Ryoko cringed but allowed it. This would be her cover, she decided. “Listen, sister,
did you hear?”

“Oh? What?” the woman blinked dubiously.

“Well, Reina-chan said that Hitomi-san said to her that Fen-chan heard that our Raikage…”
Ryoko made a dramatic pause and looked around as if making sure that no one was listening
in. ”Our Raikage has an innie weeny teeny weeny shriveled little penis! The smallest she has
ever seen!” her ‘twin’ gasped.

“NO WAY!”

“Yeah. Apparently, he is compensating with all those muscles,” Ryoko added sagely.

“OHhh! That would make sense,” her ‘twin’ agreed. Now the girl only had to put the last and
final piece to her petty plan of revenge.

“But sister, don’t tell anyone!”

Ah, simple and obvious ask, when said makes you think of nothing else but sharing the
secret. Ryoko already could see how the woman’s eyes sparkled and lips twitched to do the
opposite of what she asked.

Next twenty minutes, this innocent woman, led Ryoko around Kumogakure. It looked like
two women just went shopping… In reality, Ryoko managed to steal some paper bomb tags
of a distracted chunin and then proceeded to place them around some more prominent
buildings. Like food storage. Armory. Shopping district. Hospital.

Finally, Ryoko and her ‘twin’ stopped by a cliff and leaned on the railing admiring the setting
sun. It was about time for her escape… The girl smirked and hopped on the railing.

“MISA! WHAT ARE YOU….” the woman yelled and tried to grab onto her.

Ryoko smirked, gave a salute, and jumped. As she fell over the clouds, her henge faded and
she heard loud blasts trigger all around the village. Let the chaos begin.

Kumo shinobi will never again dare to mess with an Uchiha.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 20: MIA

Itachi grit his teeth as he watched Ryoko leap away. There was nothing he could do. Hands
and legs were still paralyzed. If not for his healing chakra and medical knowledge, the effects
probably would have lasted for hours.

He didn’t have hours! His sister needed him now! Itachi wanted to yell and scream and burn
something down. But he was helpless.

As it stands now, his hand trembled with movement only after forty-six minutes. Young heir
inhaled and pushed further. Wiggled one finger, then another. Then a toe. Then elbow. Then
ankle. The process was painfully slow.

He shifted and slumped on the side. Another deep inhale, trembling hands forced him up.
Itachi was so concentrated on healing, that he didn’t even have the capacity to think what to
do next. Ryoko wasn’t back yet…

Itachi managed to stand up on shaky legs and looked around. He wasn’t as good of a sensor
as his sister, but he could feel enemies well enough. It looked like they were alone here. He
then summoned two crows. The birds fluttered away with one single task - to find Ryoko.

Then he summoned a clone and started to heal both of the fallen comrades. The team leader
had the same paralyzing poison in his system, while the other guy had internal injuries from
the blast. Itachi noticed two others dead.

What happened?... he tried hard to remember anything after the blast, but his eyes were
blinded and then he felt a stab to his neck.

Nara under his glowing hands shifted.

“Team Leader!” he pulled back to allow the man to sit up. Keiko rubbed at his head and
looked around. His eyes quickly took in the surroundings.

“How is he?” Keiko asked, nodding towards the still unconscious man.

“Concussion, broken ribs, some internal injuries. He needs a hospital,” Itachi reported trying
very hard to stay calm. His shinobi training kicked in, but the teen shifted in his place eager
to run.

“Where is Ryoko-san?” Keiko then asked. He clearly noticed how Itachi tensed.

“She sensed shinobi approaching us. She placed a genjutsu over us and set off to be a decoy
and confirm if they were enemy shinobi or not,” Itachi’s voice was cold and efficient despite
the fire burning in his gut. He couldn’t just abandon comrades Ryoko tried to protect. He
couldn’t act without an order either.

“How long ago?”



“Almost two hours, sir.”

Nara shifted into a crouch and closed his eyes. Itachi’s clone disappeared and the boy leaned
on the tree from exhaustion that washed over his body. Chakra he had plenty, but stamina…
His body far too often struggled to keep up with the jutsu he used. Medical ninjutsu always
left him weaker than actual fights with shinobi.

“Mission aborted, we cannot continue,” Nara announced, opening his eyes. “ We must report
back to Konoha.”

“Captain! MY SISTER IS OUT THERE!” Itachi instantly pushed the fatigue aside. His
hands were clenched into fists.

“He needs a hospital. You are exhausted. We have two more dead bodies. Even if we find her,
we would be of no help,” Keiko reasoned, but Itachi could not accept it. For once, he
struggled to comply with an order.

“I. Will. Not. Leave. Ryoko. Behind,” Itachi said and his killing intent filled the air. Nara
sighed.

“None of us are trackers. We won’t be able to find her even if we wanted to,” the man
reasoned and Itachi heard him. He understood the words. But that does not mean he would
agree with them. Just as Itachi opened his mouth to say something, his crows returned. One
of them carried something.

Itachi grabbed the fabric from his pet and inspected it. His hand shivered as he recognized
Ryoko’s shirt. He brushed over the hole where the Uchiha crest would be.

“What is this?” Keiko asked.

“Ryoko’s… shirt… She took it off so those shinobi would not recognize her as an Uchiha…”

“Ahh,” Nara was smart and caught on the insinuation quickly. Dojutsu theft was something
they all were familiar with. “Then we have to assume that she was captured,” the man
deducted to Itachi’s horror.

“I must find her,” Itachi squared his shoulders and was about to step away when Nara
grabbed his shoulder.

“No. We are returning to Konoha. And that is an order. Am I clear, Uchiha?”

“...”

“Listen, the quicker we get back, the quicker we can send help,” Nara said trying to be the
voice of reason. Every cell in Itachi’s body wanted to ignore the voices in his head and just
run. But his mind won.

“Hn,” he nodded slowly clutching the fabric harder in his hand.

━━━━━━━━━━



Kakashi just finished his third round of katas, but she still hadn’t shown up. It was odd,
considering that Fox was never late. Maybe she had a mission, he wondered while stretching.
This was their usual sparring time. Sometimes one or the other would miss it if a mission
came up. But even then, a message would be left behind…

The sixteen-year-old boy looked up at the darkening sky. He couldn’t wait any longer. His
rotation in Hokage’s guard was about to start. What a shame. Kakashi was almost excited to
try out his newly improved sharingan. Next time.

The teen quickly changed into his ANBU uniform and appeared in the Hokage Tower. Other
members of his Team Ro were already there. They all nodded to each other in greeting and
replaced other ANBU in the rafters of the room.

Minato sensei was working on some paperwork as usual, when suddenly a messenger chunin
rushed in. “Hokage-sama! The team you sent for Daimyo’s mission just returned. They were
ambushed before reaching the Lightning Country border.”

Kakashi tensed. Sometimes he wished to rather be on missions than listen in on the reports
about their comrades getting injured. His hands itched to do something about it.

The chakra coming from Minato felt electric and dangerous. If Kakashi had to guess, his
sensei used his sensory skills to locate the team in question. And the answer he got was not at
all pleasing, by the way, Minato stilled.

Not even a full minute later, two figures entered the office. They looked battered. Kakashi’s
nose picked up a scent of burnt clothing, blood, and dirt. He recognized the figures as Keiko
Nara and Itachi Uchiha.

“REPORT!” Minato ordered in his most stern Hokage voice.

“Yes, Hokage-sama!” Nara straightened up, while Itachi looked completely detached. “Just
after we entered the Land of Frost, a blast happened in front of us. Then someone poisoned
us with a paralyzing substance.”

“Others?” Minato inhaled. The whole room tensed as Nara took out two scrolls.

“One in the hospital. Two unaccounted for,” Keiko added after placing the sealed bodies on
Hokage’s desk.

“Who?”

“Toro Hitsumoto and Ryoko Uchiha, Hokage-sama.”

The temperature in the room dropped more than a few degrees. Kakashi couldn’t blink. His
emotions were instantly locked away before they even had a chance to bloom.

“Did you see who took them?” Minato said after a heartbeat.

“No. We were incapacitated. Ryoko sensed a shinobi group approaching our location. She
placed a genjutsu over us and acted as a decoy,” Itachi reported. Then a boy took out a dark



piece of fabric and placed it on the table. Kakashi’s nose zeroed in on the object.

It had a mixture of the burnt smell he sensed before and undoubtedly the smell of Ryoko
herself. “I believe she was captured by the group,” Nara concluded.

“Team Ro,” as Minato spoke, ANBU appeared before him kneeling on one knee. “Trace the
scent to the last location. Do not cross the border to the Lightning Country. Send me a
message the usual way.”

“Yes, Hokage,” they said as one and disappeared.

Kakashi led the way for his team. Just as they crossed the gates, he summoned his ninken and
gave them the shirt to sniff. He too inhaled deeply the scent over his mask.

They moved in silence covering the distance at great speed.

“Boss,” Pakkun said ten minutes after they crossed into the Land of Frost. The group stopped
on the clearing. There were still visible signs of a battle. Blood. Burn marks.

“How many marks?” Kakashi asked. His dogs sniffed around before answering.

“Six.”

He frowned. There were six people on the team. It was highly unlikely that the ones who
attacked would not leave a trace of their own.

“What direction did they go?”

“Three back to Konoha,” Bull said.

“One to the West.”

“The owner of the shirt to the North.”

Kakashi considered their options before giving the order. He sent three of his dogs to the
West. Team Ro followed the sent to the North.

“Trail ends here!” Pakkun announced. Kakashi didn’t have to be told twice. He sensed it too.
After looking around they noticed signs of disturbed earth. There were a great number of
other smells too. Other shinobi.

“Let’s go!” he ordered coldly and so ANBU followed the trail of this group straight to the
border. They only barely stopped before crossing it.

“What now, Taicho?” Neko asked.

“I’ll notify Hokage-sama,” Kakashi said, taking out a kunai sensei had given to him. It had a
special hirashin seal on it. With a chakra tap code, he could send a message back to Konoha.
And now they wait.



━━━━━━━━━━

Back in Konoha Minato paced his office. He just received the message that indeed, Ryoko
was taken by shinobi to Kumo territory. Nothing made sense. They had signed the treaty so
why would Kumo kidnap one of Konoha shinobi?

“Minato-san,” the old woman said as she entered his office with two other councilmen.

“We heard what happened,” Danzo said.

Minato glanced at the elders. News sure traveled fast. He was sure that only a few knew
about what happened. So how would they know about it so fast?

“What are you going to do, Hokage-sama?” Danzo’s tone was rather disrespectful despite the
formality.

He wanted to curse aloud. After disbanding the Foundation Danzo became rather annoying.
Medling on every step. It also did not go unnoticed by Minato that two former members of
Root were killed. So that probably is how Danzo found out about what happened.

“We must retrieve the Sharingan,” the old woman chastised. “This is unacceptable!”

“Yes, Kumogakure is obviously provoking us. We must show our strength. You have been
too lenient on them, Hokage-sama,” Danzo added.

Not a moment too late a knock came on his door.

“ENTER!” Minato said, going back to sit behind his desk. He would need every ounce of
self-control for what awaited him.

“Hokage-sama,” Orochimaru said casually glancing between him and the elders.

“Orochimaru-sama, I need you to go with a diplomatic mission to Kumogakure,” he said,
noticing how Danzo frowned just a tiny bit. This proved to show that his decision to summon
snake sannin was the right one.

“Ohh?” the sannin raised an eyebrow. The implication of sending a shinobi of his caliber for
a diplomatic visit spoke louder than words.

“Yes. They have captured one of our shinobi. You must find out why exactly that happened
and get them back home. This is a message for the Raikage,” he extended a scroll with a kage
seal.

“I sssssee. And who was captured?” the man asked, taking the scroll.

Minato inhaled. “Uchiha Ryoko.”

Nothing else had to be said. Orochimaru disappeared in a blink of an eye. Only his KI
lingered in the air. Minato exhaled. “You are no longer needed here,” he said coldly to the
elders and proceeded to send a message with his chakra pulse to Kakashi.



━━━━━━━━━━

Okay, so maybe dropping off the cliff without seeing the ground was not one of her brightest
ideas, but Ryoko liked the dramatic aspect of the action. Also, she wanted to see the sky lit up
by her explosions.

She managed to grasp on the cliffside with chakra and the rest of the way down she ran
vertically. Without stopping, she darted to the forest below and ran for dear life. It was hard
to say just how fast Kumo nin will track her so she had to make as much distance as possible.

After a while, she created a couple of clones and sent them in opposite directions to scatter
her tracks. She ran all through the night. Ryoko couldn’t tell how long she was held in
Kumogakure. Maybe a day or two. Hunger was creeping in alongside general exhaustion,
despite her chakra reserves being close to full capacity. Also, running with her bare feet was
no fun activity.

She needed to take a break. Otherwise, she won’t make it out of the Land of Lightning. By
the sunrise, she spotted a couple of trails of smoke in the sky. Civilization!

Ryoko took a risk and approached. It looked like a small town. Villagers were already
buzzing around with their everyday work. She had no money or things to trade. Stealing
might also draw unnecessary attention.

After wandering for a bit, she stopped by a public well. Water. That was free. Ryoko scooped
some into her cupped hands and drank greedily. Worst case, she could take a nap in the forest.

“You okay, hun?” a sweet voice called from behind. Ryoko turned around slowly. Before her
stood a very beautiful lady with long pink hair and a kimono. She held a bucket for the water.
The lady of the night, Ryoko deducted.

She nodded slowly stepping aside from the well.

“Hmmm,” the woman hummed looking her over. “Are you hungry, child?”

Kami, Ryoko probably looked quite disheveled to prompt such a question. She thought for a
moment. The woman was not a shinobi, so in the worst case, Ryoko could fight back. The
girl gave a hesitant nod.

After getting her water, the woman led a way to what looked like a brothel. “Call me Cherry,”
the woman said with a gentle smile letting her inside.

Ryoko sensed only a few others inside. Probably the business was closing down after the
night of work. She looked around carefully, but could not spot any danger.

“It’s okay, hun, you’re safe here,” Cherry said, getting some bread from a cupboard.

“How… how did you…” Ryoko asked hesitantly without actually implying anything. Being
vague would force the target to reveal what exactly they knew.



The woman sighed. There was a sad smile on her face. “The bastard left marks on your
neck.”

Ryoko raised her hand and brushed fingers gently where she remembered A nibbling on her
skin. “Oh..” she said and nodded with thanks for the bread.

“Who’s this?” another incredibly pretty woman stepped into the room. Her kimono was far
more revealing. It showed her… sculpted chest… Oh. Ryoko blinked as she realized that
these women were actually men.

“What’s your name, hun?” Cherry asked.

“Miko,” Ryoko said another false name. “Can I ask where am I?”

The men shared a look. “This is a village of Tane. Are you lost?” the second man asked.

“I… I just ran… I didn’t look where I was going…” Ryoko admitted averting her eyes. Then
she bowed. “Thank you for the bread. I will leave now.”

“Listen, you can wash up here, it's fine. You are safe with us,” Cherry said again.

A bath sounded divine. Ryoko hesitated. Her better judgment said to leave and not try her
luck. But her tired feet asked for a break. Fuck it. Even in her past life gay men,
crossdressers, and prostitutes were some of the kindest people she met. It could not be too
different in this world.

“Yes, please,” she bowed again. Cherry led her to the back and prepared a bath.

“Let me know if you need anything, kid,” he winked.

“Emm… maybe… you could… mmm.. Do you have any… underwear and bandages I could
borrow?” the man frowned. Yet his face still looked like a piece of art.

“Sure, I’ll find something for you,” Cherry nodded and left. The next time he returned with
said items when Ryoko was already washed clean and wrapped in a towel.

She urgently put on the underwear behind a folding screen. After bandaging up her breasts,
Ryoko stepped out to put on the damn yukata. Only it was no longer where she left it before
the bath. Just then Cherry entered with clothing in his hands.

“I found...ohh… Kami…” the woman gaped at her. Ryoko blinked in response. She looked
down at herself. Right… Now that she was almost naked, the bruises were clearly visible.
There was a nasty mark on her abdomen. Cuff marks on her wrists. Marks left on her arms,
neck, and chest from Raikage’s ministrations.

In silence, Cherry handed her a far nicer kimono-like dress. And, praise the lord, shoes!
Ryoko had to bow her head once more in gratitude. She did not expect to get this kind of
generosity from strangers.



“Miko-chan, who did this to you?” the second man she saw before stepped inside. His eyes
were serious.

“I… cannot say…”

“You know, we know of the yukata’s like the one you wore,” Cherry said then. Ryoko stilled.
“You escaped Kumogakure, didn’t you?”

She stayed silent, prepared to activate her sharingan if necessary although she did not want to
harm these kind men. “Did you notify them?” she asked carefully.

The second man laughed. “As if! They abuse their power. We know first hand,” there was
bitterness in his voice.

“I’m sorry,” Ryoko whispered.

“You know, you are lucky you escaped, kid. Not many do,” Cherry said.

“I… there was commotion… I took the chance and just ran…” it wasn’t a lie what Ryoko
said.

“How old are you, Miko?” the second man asked.

“Twelve.”

“Scum…” Cherry pouted.

“You can stay the night here, child,” the second man said. “My name is Tsuki.”

“Nice to meet you both. And thank you! I will repay you!” Ryoko bowed again.

“Pfft, stop it, hun. That’s the least we can do after what you went through.”

That night Ryoko finally slept. She was still alert, but her body welcomed the moment of
peace She rose as the last patrons left the brothel. Ryoko planned to leave without making a
fuss, but Cherry was already waiting for her downstairs.

“Aww, not even saying goodbye?” he smirked.

“Apologies, but I must go. I cannot stay here any longer…” she trailed off.

“Where will you go, Miko-chan?”

“I have to find my brother… he’s probably already looking for me,” Ryoko said the truth
again. Cherry nodded.

“Alright. Be safe.”

Ryoko stopped by the door and turned around. “I promise, I will repay your generosity,
Cherry. I am in your debt.”



“Ahaha! Stop it, hun, or I might just take you on that,” he winked one last time before Ryoko
left.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 21: Fallout

Itachi left the hospital with his mind in a haze. Hokage had forbidden him from leaving the
village. He had to obey… But how could he return home without Ryoko? The boy’s legs took
him on autopilot. He opened the doors slowly and mechanically.

It was silent. He sensed that his mother was already asleep as well as Sasuke. Father… he
was in the living room. Itachi inhaled and stepped inside.

“Welcome back,” Fugaku said, raising his eyes from the scroll he was reading. “Where is
your sister?” he asked. Itachi was silent. His eyes stared down at the ground.

“Where is Ryoko?” Fugaku repeated slowly.

“She… is MIA.”

Father appeared before him with shinobi speed. “You were on a mission together!”

“Yes,” Itachi whispered even if it wasn’t a question.

Then a slap echoed over the room. Itachi’s cheek burned from the force behind his father's
hit. Itachi could have avoided it, but he felt like he deserved it. This was the first time ever
Fugaku had raised his hand, not in a spar.

“How could you let this happen?!” Fugaku’s voice was not raised, but it felt that much
scarier.

“I… I’m sorry father…” tears that he held back so long prickled at his eyes. Itachi really
wanted to be hit again. Kami knows he deserved it for failing to protect Ryoko.

Then… Fugaku engulfed him in a bone-crushing embrace. “Itachi… son! You returned, and I
am grateful for that… your sister will be fine too…”

“Father… so-sorry.. I am sooo sorry,” the boy whispered as the tears now flowed freely out of
his eyes and onto his father's robes.

“Shh… shh, boy, it will be alright…” Fugaku cooed with gentleness Itachi had never heard
before.

“Itachi, I had a sister once too. I know what you are feeling now, but Ryoko will return. She
is strong.”

“Wha-what?” the boy hiccuped. His whole chest shook from the sobs he tried to control.

“It doesn’t matter. Now tell me all that happened during your mission,” Fugaku led the boy to
the kitchen and they talked the whole night.

━━━━━━━━━━



Orochimaru barely stopped when he reached Kumogakure. He suppressed the growl and just
showed the scroll with Hokage seal on it. As he waited for the messenger to come back from
announcing to Raikage of his visit, the man looked around.

He noticed dark smoke coming from some parts of the village. Shinobi by the gates looked
extremely on edge.Interesting.

After more time than he liked, Orochimaru was finally taken to see the Raikage. A looked red
with fury. But he was not foolish enough to attack a sannin.

“What is the meaning of this?” A waved the scroll he just read.

“That issss what Konoha would like to know. I came to retrieve our sssshinobi you captured.”

“That spawn of the devil already fled!” Raikage smashed his fist into the wall. “AND
DESTROYED HALF OF MY VILLAGE!”

Orochimaru smirked. That’s my girl. “Well, you will think twice before capturing Konoha nin
without any reasssson again.”

“ANY REASON!??? Konoha attacked our outpost!”

Orochimaru hummed. This didn’t sound like something Minato would order. They spoke for
another hour. Raikage was reluctant to share any details. Eventually, they did come to a
compromise - kage meeting.

Sannin left slowly. His sharp eyes soaked in the damage left by his student. It was strategic.
A distraction, he guessed knowing Ryoko better than anyone else. But now she was stranded
in the Land of Lightning all alone.

At this point, nothing would stop Orochimaru from finding her. He summoned a couple of
snakes to trace her scent. And then he left with a message for Minato securely tucked inside
his guts.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko left the little village and stopped in the forest before going any further. She took out
some extra bandages and started to wrap them around her wrists, neck, and chest. There was
no bleeding injury, but the shame of having those marks made her resort to conceal them.

Finally, she was ready to return home. It helped that Cherry pointed out the direction of the
border. With her fully rested it would not take long to reach it. Kimono was not the best
choice for a full-fledged shinobi run, but it would serve as a good cover.

In a few hours, she reached her goal and had to completely slow down. With chakra
suppressed as much as possible, she proceeded with caution. There were very few patrols,
making it easy to sneak by.

Land of Frost sent a shiver down her spine. It was cold and covered in snow. But it was a step
closer to Konoha. Soon she will be back home.



The girl tensed after sensing a presence coming her way. It was small, but the movement of it
spoke of her being their destination. Ryoko stopped completely and waited. Then a little pug
emerged from the bushes. With a headband. Huh.

“There you are, pup. Were looking for you all over,” he barked in human language.

She cocked her head with suspicion. Her eye hidden behind the fringe activated and she
could not detect a henge or illusion. This had to be a summon then. Only one person she
knew used dogs as their summon. Just her luck.

“Lead the way,” she nodded and they were off.

In thirty minutes they arrived in a clearing, where a camp was already packed up leaving four
shinobi standing in wait for her. Ryoko stopped just a bit away from the masked ANBU. Her
hesitation was noted. Could they blame her if only they knew about the betrayal she
witnessed?

Quickly, Ryoko scanned the chakra signatures of the familiar mask owners. Two of them
were suspicious.

“I’ll show you mine if you show me yours,” she said to the one with a dog’s mask crossing
arms over her chest.

His hand rose slowly and shifted the mask slightly to the side to reveal the forever active
sharingan eye. Ryoko did the same by activating her eyes. She used more chakra than needed
and the ground around her cracked.

Why? Maybe a part of her wanted to send a message to the masked ANBU that felt like
traitors. Or maybe she was still irritated from the whole experience. Details.

“Are they alive?” she asked as her eyes deactivated and Ryoko stepped closer.

“Yes. They are back in the village,” female voice of Neko said.

“Hn,” Ryoko gave a nod. “Could I get a kunai?”

Hound took one out from his pouch, stepped closer, and handed it directly. Ryoko proceeded
to make two slits on her kimono for better mobility.

“Are you injured?” Kakashi asked.

“Pft,” she scoffed, pocketing the knife in her sleeve. “Don’t insult me. Let’s go.”

She was itching to report on possible spies in Konoha. But as they leaped away, her mind
worked hard to make a plan. They probably would not believe her. So Ryoko would have to
act very cautiously with her accusations.

“Did you meet Orochimaru-sama?” Hound asked.

“Hn? No?” Ryoko smirked. “Don’t tell me he went to Kumo?”



“Yes, he did. Yesterday afternoon,” another mask said.

Ryoko snickered. She could imagine his reaction to the carnage she left. Ups. But they
couldn’t stop now. There was a high chance for Ryoko to be hunted down by Kumo nin.

She was relieved to see the gates of her village in the distance. There was a lone man
standing. Waiting for them to return. Ryoko stopped in front of him.

“Father,” she said. Fugaku looked her over. The girl could tell his hands tensed as he
restrained from hugging her publicly.

“Come. Let’s go home,” at least he didn’t ask if she was hurt.

“No. I have to go to T&I for debriefing,” she shook her head slightly. Fugaku frowned.

“No, you don't.”

“Father, you know the protocol in these cases. Now if you’ll excuse us,” she nodded to
ANBU behind her and they went on ahead. She still felt his eyes on the back of her head.

Ryoko walked first, straight to the interrogation part of the building. Down the stairs to the
basement and towards the familiar cells. Young looking boy was waiting for them. He
motioned with his hand for Ryoko to step through the open door.

ANBU disappeared. She was left alone no more than a minute. Minato was the one to enter
the room next, where she sat on a chair. The teen was leaning on the wall. He wore the T&I
uniform so probably an intern or a full-time worker here.

“Ryoko-chan! So glad to see you. But we don’t have to do this here. You can make your
report in my office,” Minato smiled gently.

“No, Hokage-sama. I insist we do it here. There are less… walls with ears in here,” she said
cryptically. Minato’s expression sobered up and he nodded. “I also request a Yamanaka to
facilitate the interview. I’d rather not speak anything else.”

Minato hesitated, but then nodded and motioned for the silent teen to get a Yamanaka out
here. It of course had to be Inoichi. After she gave another vocal agreement for the mind
walking technique, it began.

━━━━━━━━━━

Inoichi needed a minute to stop gaping. When his technique activated, he and Minato
appeared inside Ryoko’s mind which turned out to be an enormous hall with high ceilings.
Extravagant stone sculptures and paintings lined the walls. He noticed that each art piece had
a small card with strange symbols.

It had to be some code that only Ryoko could decipher. He had never seen anything like this.
But it all made sense. Her mind was complex and far more advanced than he ever could
imagine. Usually, he would face a dark void with abstract details, but this… Everything was
precise and meticulous. Probably a result of having sharingan.



“Welcome to my mind palace,” the girl said. She was seated on a red velvet armchair sipping
tea. “Shall we?” she said standing up.

Minato nodded silently. They followed Ryoko over corridors of her mind space until they
reached a metal door without a handle. It opened from her touch. Behind it were stairs
leading to the basement.

“This.. is extraordinary…” Inoichi muttered noticing the detail of every stone lining the
walls.

“Thank you. I believe I have photographic memory greatly aided by sharingan.”

“Where are we going?” Minato asked then as they reached the dimly lit basement.

“As a user of genjutsu and a wielder of sharingan, I know first hand just how dangerous
memories could be. So I make sure my mind is completely protected from any invasions.
Here I keep more sensitive thoughts. Mission related mostly,” she explained taking them
further down the labyrinth that was her memory palace.

They stopped by one similar-looking metal door. It faded out of existence and they entered
inside the small room. Everything faded as memory took shape around them.

It was Konoha. They saw what Ryoko saw. The gates, her teammates. Then… they felt the
people's chakra signatures.

“Can you feel what is off about their chakra?” Ryoko next to them said.

Minato only hummed, Inoicihi was not yet sure what to make of it. The memory faded into
another one. The vision was moving as Ryoko jumped from branch to branch. Then an
explosion happened. The blinding light lasted only a second before the world around them
was crisp again.

Inoichi inhaled sharply as his senses were overwhelmed by the details sharingan presented.
This was one of a kind opportunity to see what Uchiha saw. He couldn’t comprehend how
they managed to deal with the amount of information their eyes gathered in a blink.

There was no time to contemplate and aww as the action happened all around. They saw how
the team members with strange chakra attacked Keiko and Itachi. Then they turned on
Ryoko. Inoicihi was lost for words. This… this was treason!

“As you can see, I believe Konoha has an infestation. I smell rats,” the girl said coldly.

“That is why you requested for T&I and the secrecy?” Minato muttered.

“Hn.”

“What happened next?”

The memory changed again. They saw how Ryoko was captured.



“From what they said, I assume that an attack happened and naturally they thought I was
either the cause or culprit,” Ryoko deducted as they saw and felt her being bound and
knocked out.

What followed was far less pleasant. Inoicihi cringed at the feelings manifested in the girl's
mind from the memories. Of course, he knew that Kumo nin were following the procedure,
just like Konoha’s nin would. But it still made his blood boil.

“How did you escape? I assume that happened before Orochimaru-sama got there,” Minato
asked, giving the girl ‘a look’. She smirked.

“Ah, yes… about that… I hope you will understand that I had no other option… I will accept
any repercussions that will follow from the political mess that will follow my actions,” said
as true professional, as any high-level jonin.

The memory changed one last time. She was now bound in a cell. Raikage appeared.

“Kami…” Inoichi gasped from what he witnessed next. He was even more shocked to feel
how calm and cold Ryoko was while A touched her. Minato didn’t say anything.

“I assume that me attacking the Raikage will not go down well, but…” Ryoko sighed, just
like Shikaku would when faced with a bunch of paperwork. He couldn’t understand how this
little girl could be so nonchalant.

“NO! Your actions are justified. I as the Hokage of the Leaf fully approve your actions and
you will face no backlash,” Minato sounded angry. His chakra shimmered dangerously,
almost disrupting Inoichi’s technique.

“Thank you, Hokage-sama. If I may also ask, can… this part be left confidential? I would
rather my family was left unaware of what happened in Kumogakure. It is unfitting for
Uchiha to be captured like this.”

Inoichi opened and closed his mouth a few times. He wanted to object and assure the girl that
this was nothing to be ashamed of. But he couldn’t honestly say it. She was part of a noble
clan. This would be considered a weakness and something that would shame any woman.

“Understood. As far as the reports will say, you escaped after placing Raikage under a
genjutsu,” Minato nodded with clear distaste in his tone.

Finally, Inocihi released his technique. They again stood in the cell. It was very small
compared to Ryoko’s mind space.

“Ryoko-chan, please remove your bandages,” Minato then said. The girl hesitated for a
second but nodded. White bandages fell on the ground revealing marks on her arms and neck.
Inoichi was again disgusted.

Hokage took her small hand and turned it around inspecting. As if committing to memory
those marks. His lips were pursed together into a fine line.



“Hound, take Ryoko-chan to the ANBU medical sector,” Minato said just as the masked
agent appeared by his side. Inocihi spotted the small falter in Hound’s step before the boy
placed a hand on Ryoko’s shoulder. The two disappeared.

“Inoichi, nothing leaves this room, am I clear?” Minato turned to him. Blue eyes were cold as
steel.

“Yes, Hokage-sama.”

“Ibiki, I need you to sweep all of your agents. Thoroughly. Look for you know what.”

Inoichi blinked between the two. Something was going on. Something he really didn’t like
the sound of.

“Inoichi, I will need you to vet each and every agent. You know what to look for?”

“Yes, Hokage-sama.”

Rats. They are looking for the infestation.

━━━━━━━━━━

Orochimaru tracked Ryoko’s scent out of Kumogakure and into a small village. His dear
student probably was already near the border if not crossed it. But he was not about to leave
anything to chance.

Finally, a scent led him to a building. He heard laughter inside. The smell told him exactly
what it was. The sannin walked inside like he owned the place.

“Well hello there, handsome, looking for a good time?” a man with long pink hair instantly
was by his side. Orochimaru narrowed his eyes and scoffed.

“I am looking for a girrrrl.”

“Ohhh? I’ll be anything you want, darling, for the right price,” the man dared to hook his arm
around Orochimaru’s. The snake had to wonder that maybe he was losing the intimidation
factor or the delusion from Konoha shinobi spread even to here.

“Ssssshe was here yesterday or today morning. Dark hair, ssssmall child,” Orochimaru took
note of how the man next to his side stood still for a microsecond. His eyes were golden and
darted from the sannin's face to the headband on his head.

“Mmmm, there are no children here,” the pink-haired man hummed.

“I can sssssee as much,” Orochimaru smirked and sighed. “Was she alright, can you tell me
that much?” he asked then. This man didn’t look threatening and Orochimaru thought to
better avoid killing or torturing civilians considering all that happened in Kumo.

“Hmmm, as much as one would after what she went through,” the man responded far more
seriously.



“What did sssshe went through?” Orochimaru narrowed his eyes.

The pink-haired man tugged him away. Orochimaru allowed it. They ended up in a dimly lit
bedroom. The man plopped on a big bed and leaned in a provocative pose obviously
completely comfortable with everything.

“Call me Cherry,” the man said brushing a pink strand of hair behind his ear.

“Sssso? What happened to her?” Orochimaru asked again as his patience dwindled. He
stepped closer.

“First, who are you to her? Did Kumo send you?”

“Obviousssssly not,” Orochimaru scoffed. He sighed again and pulled out a picture from his
inner pocket. Kami knows why he carried it, but it proved to be useful at this moment. In the
picture, it was him with Ryoko standing by a temple after one of their missions. She showed
one of her rare smiles. They were both wearing festive kimonos.

“Hmm that’s her alright.”

“So? Sssspeak before I lose my patience,” there was a dangerous glint in Orochimaru's eyes.

“Oh, what will happen if I don’t, gorgeous? Will you spank me for misbehaving?” Cherry
snickered after licking his lips.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 22: Danzo is Done'zo
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Oh Kami…”

Orochimaru ignored Cherry’s sighs and simply put on his flak vest again. He usually didn’t
resort to such tactics. They were far more befitting his former teammate Jiraiya. He also
hated the sweat that lingered afterward on his skin.

“Noooowww, Cherry, talk,” the sannin glanced back at the man sprawled on the bed. Pink
hair was scattered on the white pillow like a halo. Orochimaru proceeded to tie his headband
back to its rightful place on his forehead.

Then he took the picture that was placed the right side down on the nearby bedside table. It
was securely tucked in his pocket again. Orochimaru leaned closer to Cherry as the man only
stared and didn’t speak.

“Oh, did I overdid it?” he chuckled, raising one elegant eyebrow.

“I swear,” Cherry sighed, “You are not a regular shinobi, are you? Kami… that was… ahhh…
I think I’ll have to pay you,” the man smirked in the end, one hand extended to cup
Orochimaru’s cheek. Sannin grabbed Cherry’s wrist and narrowed his eyes.

“Games are overrrrrr. Tell me what you know,” his voice usually would render victims
motionless, but Cherry only smirked wider. That’s it. He really lost it now. The aura of a
pristine murderer. The power to put fear into people is gone.

“Oh, don’t tempt me, handsome,” Cherry leaned closer taking advantage of his hand being
clutched by Orochimaru’s iron grip. “Listen, I just wanted to give the girly a bit more time
just in case you are not who you say you are.”

“Riiight. That’s all you wanted,” Orochimaru scoffed. Cherry could spin his tale any way he
wanted, but in the end, Cherry was the one who moaned with pleasure all night long.

“Fine! You got me. I wanted to bang you just as much as I wanted to help the girly,” Cherry
actually showed his tongue what would be a rather juvenile action if not for the way it
moved, reminding Orochimaru vividly of what happened last night.

“I’m waiting, Cherrrrrrry.”

“Well, if you ask me, some scum from Kumo did quite a number on her. We do a lot of things
here, but I despise pedos.”

Orochimaru stilled. His eyes widened a fraction. And then he vanished leaving only a small
poof of smoke behind.



━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi stood silently in the small closed room in a distant and secure wing of Konoha
hospital. It was reserved for ANBU and other high-profile people. Mostly for their identity
security reasons.

“ANBU, I need you to leave,” the medic said to him.

“No. Hokage’s orders,” he responded, not entirely truthful. He was only instructed to take
Ryoko here. But he had to make sure she was actually healed and not ran off. Like he would
do in her place. Kakashi could say he knows Ryoko quite well by now and she hated
hospitals just as much as he did.

“It’s fine, he can stay. Let’s just get this over with,” Ryoko frowned. The medic reluctantly
started their diagnostics. Kakashi watched as the glowing hands shifted from the girl's neck to
her hands, then chest, and then stopped on her abdomen.

His mind was blissfully blank, but the sharingan eye made sure to remember every bruise that
he could see. Kakashi was on duty and had no luxury to break down and pity his comrade.
That would come later.

Usually, he didn’t get as worked up, but the idea of how those bruises came to be on Ryoko…
it was self-explanatory. Most kunoichi would rather die than this. And he would gladly kill
their abusers.

“Alright, that’s it,” the medic said, pulling their hands away. “Now I will give you medication
for… to take care of possible pregnancy.”

Kakashi already figured as much, but it took a medic to say it, for him to tense involuntarily.
Ryoko was like a little sister to him. Annoying and rude, but still someone he grew used to
spending time with. To see her hurt was equal to seeing one of his pups hurt.

“That will not be needed. Things did not get to escalate that much,” Ryoko shook her head
completely unmoved by the medic’s concern.

“Ah, I see,” the medic exhaled easier. Kakashi didn’t notice, but he also relaxed in his stance.
“Then, you are free to go.”

They left in silence. Kakashi didn’t quite understand why he followed Ryoko, but it felt
familiar. Yes, he followed Obito just like this when his teammate returned. Strange how
Kakashi found himself surrounded by another Uchiha that got kidnapped by the enemy.

“Bakashi, I can find my compound just fine,” the girl deadpanned as they jumped to the
roofs.

He would usually snapback for Ryoko using his name or nickname while he is in ANBU
uniform. Not today. Kakashi stayed silent and followed her. He stayed behind only when the
girl entered her home.

━━━━━━━━━━



Ryoko stepped right into Fugaku’s arms.

“Father, I’m fine,” she whispered halfheartedly. The warmth from his hug felt nice and
calming. Ryoko relaxed slowly as if all her worries were washed away. The tension and
frustration that plagued her mind was gone.

“I know,” Fugaku replied, finally letting her go. He looked deep into her eyes in silence.
There was no need to use words to express the worry he had. She saw it in the way he took in
her appearance. The way his hands clasped on her shoulders.

“Really. I’m fine, dad. Where is Itachi?” Ryoko gently pulled Fugaku’s hands away.

“He’s waiting for you in your room.”

“Hn. Good night,” she nodded last time before going to find Itachi. Just like Fugaku said, the
boy was sitting in her room in complete darkness. His red eyes glimmered with quickly
spinning tomoe.

“Itachi…” Ryoko sighed, activating her own eyes to see him better. Itachi looked terrible.
Dark bags under his eyes. His face was puffy. Was he crying? She appeared before him and
hugged the boy. “You’re alright,” Ryoko muttered into his neck more for herself than a
question to him.

“I’m sorry, Koko…” his voice was ragged.

Ryoko pulled away and narrowed her eyes. “Itachi Uchiha! You’re the most stupid smart
person I know. Don’t you dare apologize to me!”

“But I didn’t protect you,” his voice broke. Ryoko was so not having this attitude of his! She
tsk’ed her tongue and poked his forehead like cousin Shisui would.

“Brother, do you really think I am that easily beaten?”

“Koko… I… was so scared that I lost you…” the poor heir was pouring his soul for once.
Maybe it was the darkness engulfing her room that allowed him to speak his mind freely. Or
maybe her actions and choices broke him.

“Itachi… I am sorry.”

Clearly, they were both idiots. Blinded by the love for their family and siblings. Ignorant of
the destructive power each of them had. They were lost causes. The boy smiled gently at her.

“You’re the idiot,” he said, poking her forehead in return. Ryoko pouted, but shortly she
smiled again. They settled to sleep in her bed that night. Neither wanted to be alone after
what happened.

“Itachi, I’m actually sorry,” Ryoko repeated as they laid next to each other. Brother held her
tight to his chest like he was afraid of losing Ryoko again.

“What for?” he asked.



“For missing your birthday… Happy birthday, big brother.”

“Hn.”

This was not the celebration they planned, but it was a blessing to be together again. Ryoko
slept soundly that night. She didn’t have nightmares or things like that. Everything was
finally back to normal.

The next day, just as Ryoko walked outside and towards training grounds, a hand grabbed her
shoulder and spun her around.

“Morning, sensei,” she greeted Orochimaru calmly. He looked on edge so Ryoko didn’t risk
provoking the sannin with sarcasm or jokes.

His hands started to glow green and go over her in a diagnostic, just like the medic yesterday.
“Aww, sensei, were you worried about me? I can assure you, I am completely fine,” Ryoko
smirked. Orochimaru scoffed at her, pulling his hands away. The man looked calmer now.

“I was under the impresssssssion that something happened in Kumo,” he said and Kami
knows who told him. She didn’t think that Minato would be as suicidal to do it himself. It
could also be Inoicihi or Kakashi. The snitching bastards! she cursed with a long sigh.

“Almost happened. I got away just before he raped me,” there was only a single person Ryoko
could be so blunt with. At least that’s what she thought before. Now the expression on
Orochimaru’s face begged to differ. He looked appalled. “Sensei! Don’t look at me like that!”

“Who.”

“Uh-uh. I’d rather not say. He only managed to touch before I knocked him out. And kiss…
And bruise... But I swear nothing else happened.”

“Ryoko, you are going to tell me exxxxxactly what happened and who dared to touch you!”
his voice sounded extremely strict. Like that one time, she fell into a tank with poison. The
man was livid with her excuse about it being an accident, just like now.

“Oh, sensei! Did you hear that? Someone just called my name right there! Have to go!
BYE!” she chuckled, jumping away from him. If Orochimaru was serious, he would not
allow her to escape. And it looked like he was about to jank her right back down to the
ground. Plan B she decided, evading his reaching hand. “You should ask Hokage-sama what
happened. He mind walked my memories!”

Ryoko was not sorry at all for sacrificing Minato to the hungry snake. Honestly, it was his job
to deal with other villages and stop any possible political nightmares before they happened.
Orochimaru killing a Raikage sounded exactly like something a Hokage should take care of.

━━━━━━━━━━

A month passed by quickly for Ryoko. She was doing her work like nothing had happened,
even if Mikoto insisted on codling her. Even if Itachi got her to go out with him more often.



Even if Kakashi practically hunted her down for their regular spars instead of patiently
waiting like before.

She felt slightly insulted and choked by their insistent attention. Of course, Kakashi denied,
when she brought it up. The teen clearly had a severe case of delusion. Ryoko was sure of it.
Itachi on the other hand openly said that he was watching over her. She loved her brother to
bits. He was impossible and yet the best person in the world.

At least Orochimaru-sensei preferred to keep her training and busy at all times of the day
instead of invading her privacy. He simply didn’t leave any free time for her to have privacy.

“Hey there, princess,” a sweet voice appeared behind Ryoko as she stepped out of a dango
shop. She turned around quickly and smiled at the boy.

“Shisui! Where have you been??” Ryoko hurried to hug him.

“Oh, here and there. You’ll know soon,” Shisui winked at her in a mischievous manner. She
narrowed her eyes with a deep scowl. Her eyes looked the boy up and down. If it were a
mission, he would have said so and he was gone for almost a month now.

Ryoko’s lips curled into a devilish grin. She reached out and grabbed his arm on the bicep.
Shisui winced. “Welcome to the ranks, cousin,” she whispered. Her suspicion of a tattoo
being hidden under the boy's clothing was confirmed.

“Awww, and here I wanted to surprise you in HQ, hime,” his pout was adorable. Ryoko was
somewhat glad to know that she will not be alone anymore in ANBU. On the other hand,
Shisui could get killed there… There was a thing she could do to help him stay alive...

“Ah, I just remembered something, Shisui. I must run,” Ryoko said, but the teen grabbed her
arm.

“Hime, I heard what happened… I am really glad you are okay… and that Itachi is okay too,”
he said without the usual aloofness.

“Hn,” what else could she respond?

“Oh and here,” he took out a box with a ribbon tied around it. “Happy birthday, princess. I
know it’s only next month, but I will have a long mission, so I might miss it.”

Ryoko’s gloved finger brushed over the intricate pattern of the box. She nodded to Shisui
with gratitude and opened it. Inside were two foldable fans. They had each thirteen tomoe,
just as the number of years she will be celebrating.

They seemed to be made of metal, but pretty lightweight. Her eyes drank in the sight. They
most definitely were not just your regular fans. “Are they… chakra conductive?” her big eyes
looked up at Shisui.

“Yup!” he smirked satisfied with her reaction.



Ryoko leaped at the teen and smothered him in a hug. This was perfect! Exactly what she
needed. Especially for the delicate work in the ANBU corps. Her usual scythe turned out to
be too distinct...

“You’re the best, Shisui!”

“Yeah, yeah, I’ve heard that before,” he laughed and poked her in the forehead for good
measure. Life was finally settling back to its tracks.

━━━━━━━━━━

It was a nice and quiet morning in the Uchiha household. Ryoko just finished her third bowl
of rice, when Sasuke started tugging on her long hair.

“ANE! Play!” the little raven head boy demanded.

“Hn. Later, Sasu,” she winked at the boy. He was a smart one and already understood most of
the words. Undoubtedly, he would be the next prodigy of their family. At least that is what
Ryoko believed, forgetting that she herself had an advantage starting up with a fully
developed mind.

“Father, mother, I will be leaving for the hospital,” Itachi announced after taking his plates
away to the kitchen. Unfortunately, he had a weekend shift.

“Hn. Son, could you stop by home during your lunch hour? I have some documents you must
read on for the clan business,” Fugaku said without raising his eyes from the scroll he was
reading.

“Yes, father,” Ryoko was so glad that she would not have to deal with the boring paperwork
unlike the heir of the clan. Each passing week Itachi was involved more and more in clan
dealings. She sensed that father wanted to give up the reigns of control as soon as possible.
Again, she felt lucky.

“Oh, darling, wait for me. I am taking Sasuke-kun to the park. We can walk together,”
Mikoto chimed in with a bright smile. Hearing the word ‘park’ Sasuke perked up like a
puppy hearing the word ‘walk’. Looks like her little brother started making friends.
Although, she was not hundred percent sure if Hogake’s kid was a friend or a rival, based on
how competitive the two children would get.

Both were plagued with popularity stemming from their family's status. Young Naruto was
Hokage's son and Sasuke was an Uchiha clan head son. It is safe to say that the first fan girls
started to show their alliance. They would say either ‘Team Namikaze’ or ‘Team Uchiha’.
Ryoko may or may not have been the first one to name the girls this way.

Her mother left with her brothers and Ryoko was left to sip tea with her father. They enjoyed
the comfortable silence between them. A couple of hours passed as they read in the same
room. Fugaku was sorting through scrolls, while Ryoko read her favorite book on the
Warring Era. It featured Madara’s achievements in great detail and each time she read about
it, she would find something new.



There was a knock on their door. Ryoko stood up to open it without hesitation. Just as she got
closer to the door, the girl realized that she could not sense the chakra signature of the one
behind it. Maybe it was a messenger finally summoning her for a mission? After the door
was opened, she understood exactly why the chakra was concealed.

“Danzo-san,” she frowned. The man actually dared to step into their compound? That could
not be good. After the incident with Kumo, she noticed him keeping a low profile. What she
didn’t notice, any action or suspicion directed to the old man.

Somehow, the old bastard fooled the Hokage in a false sense of security, but she would not
fall for it. As the weeks went by, Ryoko noticed how shinobi with Root's chakra signature
started to disappear. No one questioned it so she assumed it had to be Minato-san’s
investigation cleaning the house.

“Ryoko-chan, is Fugaku-sama home?” his smile made her skin crawl. She wanted nothing
more than to shut the door in Danzo’s face. But she could not. So the girl nodded and led the
man inside the dining room where her father was still working.

“Fugaku-sama,” he greeted her father without a bow.

“Hn. Danzo,” she noticed the lack of moniker and suppressed a smirk only with Kami’s help.
Ryoko took the spot to Fugaku’s left, as usual, while Danzo sat down in front of them.

Councilman being the rude piece of trash that he was, helped himself for a cup of tea. “I
came here to discuss a matter with you regarding the Uchiha clan,” Danzo said.

This could not be good, screamed every fiber of Ryoko’s body. Maybe her father didn’t know
the full extent of Danzo’s perversion, but her sensei made sure to clue her in at least on some
level. That is why Ryoko stayed alert and ready to activate her sharingan at moment's notice.

“Oh? Do tell,” Fugaku said and surprisingly didn’t dismiss Ryoko. So maybe he was on alert
too? Honestly, what could one man do against two high-ranking Uchiha in their own home?
She felt confident and waited for a moment when Danzo would be shut down and leave.

“It has been a while since malicious rumors were spread about me. And I have reason to
believe that Uchiha are behind it,” Danzo casually sipped the tea. She wanted him to choke
on it. You bet we are! She cackled in her mind. “Furthermore, I believe what happened with
your daughter in Kumo is… unacceptable.”

She blinked. Now he really lost her. What did those two things have to do with each other?
She narrowed her eyes slightly. Oh my Kami, don’t tell me the shithead will try to recruit me
to Root again??? If this was his motive, then he will be disappointed. There was not a chance
in hell that her father would make such a sacrifice to pay for the rumors.

“Hn. And you are concerned with my daughter, why exactly?” Fugaku’s voice was ice cold.

Ryoko watched as Danzo tugged on the bandages covering his arm. Maybe he will spin some
sob story about tortured shinobi, she guessed. Only behind the bandages, no scars showed up.
There were just some weird-looking slits all over his arm.



To her and Fugaku’s surprise, one of the slits opened up to reveal an activated sharingan eye.
Mangekyo patterns spun right at them. Ryoko was about to activate her eyes in defense but
realized that she was paralyzed from that single eye contact. Even her chakra was still. Like
the time stopped around them.

“You see, I have intended for at least one of your children to die there. So the outcome is
really unacceptable for me,” Danzo spoke while immune to the Mangekyo effect. He stood
up and walked towards them. Ryoko felt completely helpless and even slightly terrified from
what would come next.

Yet Danzo didn’t walk to her. No, he crouched by Fugaku instead. Her unblinking eyes
watched as a kunai appeared in the councilman's hand.

NOOOOOO! she could only yell in her mind with panic. Not a single sound came out from
her lips. The blade swished and landed directly in her father's chest. Blood sprayed on the
tatami floor.

“Don’t worry, Fugaku. I will keep an eye on your boys. I have been waiting for Itachi to be
ready to join the Foundation since he entered the Academy. Looks like he needs a final push
and you will be it. I am done waiting,” the man spoke without any emotion. Scratch that.
There was an emotion in his tone. It was a sick satisfaction.

“Oh, and Ryoko too. Her eyes will be perfect for my collection,” he hummed and stalked
towards her now. Instead of a blade, she received a needle to her neck. Her mind went dark,
but she still caught a glimpse of masked shinobi appearing in her home. Root agents.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko opened her eyes to darkness. For a second she thought that she was dead. Again. But
the smell of flowers and the feeling of fabric on her skin screamed that she was still alive.
She tried to shift, but couldn’t. Her body was not responding to her actions.

Then she heard footsteps. Light suddenly invaded her vision as a fabric was pulled off her
head.

“Finally awake, are we?” Danzo smirked at her. Ryoko felt her lips tremble as she tried to
speak. Even that was not possible. Something was really wrong… Chakra was also not
responding to her call. She was helpless even more than in Kumo.

There were no shackles she could sense on her body. No restrains, yet somehow, everything
in her body was suppressed. She could only see around the room she was in. Part of her
expected to see a cell, but it turned out to be a rather traditional room. With unbarred
windows and paper shoji doors.

“Your father is dead so are you as far as anyone is concerned,” he said simply like talking
about the weather. “You would be surprised just how well we can plant corpses to fake
death,” Danzo was practically gloating. The man probably was eager to share his evil plot.
And Ryoko had to listen.



“You can already give up. No one will ever see you again, Ryoko-chan. Ha! They would not
even think to look right under their noses,” he chuckled. It was sick the way he tried to mess
with her mind. Intimidate her. But she was not that easily broken. Someone would find her…
Ryoko hoped.

“You are in my home now and you will stay here forever. Why you might ask?” he reached
towards her eyes and brushed just under her eyelid like back in sensei's lab. “Sharingan is
very useful for me, but those eyes of yours are expendable. They eventually always degrade.”

"..."

Her mind was ringing with blankness. Ryoko still could see her father being stabbed. The
blood coming out of the wound. It didn’t really matter what would happen to her… but her
family… They were still out there. Watched and hunted down by the likes of Danzo.

“A while back I came to realize that the only way it will work is if I had an endless supply of
your kind and your eyes. That is why you are here, Ryoko.”

HELL NO!

“You are not my type, but I will make due. You are now thirteen and I can say that you have
matured to an acceptable level. You have, what we call, perfect child-bearing hips.”

No…

“I have high hopes for you, Ryoko. You will bring me many children and I will take their
eyes. Just like yours… Why would you need them if your sole purpose will be to make
Uchiha children?”

"…"

“But. Before I can collect your sharingan, there is one last thing we must do. You see, Ryoko,
I expect full compliance from my recruits no matter their purpose. Some fall under regular
conditioning techniques. Some need more extensive mind-altering. I have a feeling you are
the second type,” Danzo smiled like a vicious animal. His touch was practically burning her
cheek now.

"..."

“For that, I need you to still have visual capacity. But trust me, when I am done with you, you
will make Uchiha babies for me on your own violation and say thank you as I gouge their
eyes from their sockets.”

"..."

“Come,” he grabbed her by the arm and pulled Ryoko up. Surprisingly, her body did not
resist and stood up. What the… It was like an invisible force was in control of her. She
guessed that it could not be only the sharingan Danzo already stole. It had to be drugs
running in her system.



“I want you to meet someone. My most valuable asset. She was supposed to be in your role,
but… the silly woman managed to injure herself enough to render her incapable of
conceiving,” he said with distaste. “Her only saving grace is her eyes… The power she holds
helped me to brainwash even the most stubborn recruits.”

Ryoko was led to a corridor. She noticed Root agents with masks stationed every few meters
and art pieces between them. Danzo led her to another room… It was a bedroom. Fortunately,
he didn’t stop by the bed but dragged her to one inconspicuous wall.

A seal appeared on it. It started to glow and then the wall opened up to a secret room behind
it. It was lit by a couple of candles. There were no furniture or windows. Only hardwood
floors and cement walls.

In the middle of the room, there was a person chained to a chair. Ryoko noticed seals placed
on most parts of their body. Their hands… they were bandaged up in fists to prevent making
any hand signs.

It was a woman, Ryoko could tell by long black hair. Her eyes were covered with a dark
cloth. Yet to Ryoko, the visible part of the face looked familiar…

“Ryoko, please meet your aunt. Kyoko Uchiha. Haha! Even your names are similar, what a
coincidence?” his laugh filled the room, but the girl could barely hear him anymore. There
were not enough words to describe the turmoil in her mind.

Danzo… you will pay for this…

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Canon divergence - Fugaku has a long-lost sister ^^ He mentioned her in the last chapter
while talking to Itachi. Also, Ryoko and Kyoko names are similar not by a coincidence.
It was almost like an homage from Fugaku's POV to remember his sister.



Chapter 23: The Hokage of Konoha

Itachi stepped outside the hospital just as his break started. Usually, he would stay to help
with patients, but his father's request could not be ignored. So the boy dutifully jumped to the
roofs and headed towards the compound.

“Hey, Itachi-san!” someone called him from behind. He stopped and turned around to see
none other than the Jonin Commander headed his way.

“Nara-sama,” he bowed politely like his mother drilled him since birth.

“Is your sister home right now?” the man asked.

Itachi never truly understood Ryoko’s friendship with the older man. But he guessed that it
was an intellectual rivalry of sorts. Kami knows, he never understood why people call him a
genius when his sister is the smart one.

The man before him was slouched, eyes tired. Shikaku always had a lazy and laid-back act on
display, so to see him out and about, when a regular chunin could have delivered a message,
was odd.

“Hn. She is home,” Itachi responded with a nod. “I am going there now. Do you need me to
deliver a message?”

“Nah, I’ll walk with you,” Shikaku responded and they leaped away. The silence lasted for a
bit until the Nara clan head spoke again. “I missed her birthday last month... “ he muttered
and showed a wrapped present in his hand.

“Hn. She will be glad,” Itachi added. “May I ask what it is?” Maybe he was pushing his luck,
but curiosity got the better of him. As a big brother, he often cared too much about Koko and
who dared to approach her.

“Ahhh, well it's shogi pieces. Kami knows how she can play like she does without having her
own set to practice on,” the older man shook his head slightly.

“Ryoko likes to read strategy books…” Itachi hummed just as they landed before the Uchiha
compound gates.

“Haha! She’s an odd one. Why would a kid ever want to read boring stuff like that?” Itachi
knew that Shikaku didn’t mean to insult his sister. Ryoko really was odd, even for an Uchiha
sometimes. But other times… she was your typical Uchiha to the bone - fierce, powerful, and
devoted to her family.

“Koko wants to be like Madara Uchiha… He is known to be the best strategist,” Itachi said.
Even if his father denied the similarities, Ryoko was too stubborn and screamed 'Madara
reincarnate' with everything she did.



“Father, I’m home,” Itachi announced as he opened the door. His hand stilled on the
doorframe. There was an uncanny silence inside. And the smell of blood. And death.
Instinctively he dashed inside without even taking his shoes off. Mother would kill him…

“Father…” Itachi froze as he entered the dining room. Shikaku was right behind him and
grabbed onto the boy's shoulder.

“Breath,” Nara said calmly as they both took in the bloody carnage in front of them. Itachi
took a ragged breath, but couldn’t exhale. His eyes activated the moment he stepped inside. It
hurt. It felt like his eyes were on fire.

Then… there was movement!

“FATHER!” Itachi leaped to Fugaku’s side. The man blinked at him with dazed eyes. HE was
still alive!! Without wasting any more time, Itachi’s medical training kicked in. His hands
started to glow green as he touched the would-have-been-fatal wound on Fugaku’s chest.

Not many knew, probably only a handful of medics and their family, about Fugaku’s
condition. His heart was actually on the other side than usual. This saved his father's life a
number of times. It saved his life now.

There was a pool of blood around the two, but the injury itself was more to the lung. He
could fix this. Itachi knew he could do it. With all the concentration on Fugaku, Itachi didn’t
notice Shikaku’s movements behind him.

Nara was looking at the other body in the room. He carefully placed the present on the table
and crouched next to her. It was Ryoko. Unlike Fugaku, it was clear that she was long gone.
There was a kunai impaled deep into each of her eyes.

Shikaku took his own advice and inhaled deeply before summoning ANBU guards. He stood
up with a blank face. Five masked shinobi were already looking around without questioning.
He walked to one of them.

“Report to Hokage-sama that the Uchiha clan head was attacked. Notify the guards to track
down the intruders. Nobody leaves the village,” he ordered. Usually, he would not have the
authority to push around ANBU agents. This was an exception. Shikaku turned to another
mask.

“Take her to the morgue right away. We need to find out what happened now,” his voice left
no room for debate. Anyone who knew Ryoko would notice what was wrong with this
picture. She would have fought back. She would have left marks of destruction. That is why
it was so crucial to find out how she was neutralized.

When the two agents vanished, Shikaku inhaled again and started to look around himself. He
noticed that Itachi was still working on Fugaku.

“Kid, we need to take him to the hospital. Now,” Shikaku said in his commanding tone, not
daring to touch the boy's shoulder again so as to not disrupt Itachi's concentration.



Itachi was mute and practically unblinking. The only thing on his mind was to heal. When
Nara leaned closer, he noticed blood drops running down the boy’s cheeks. His eyes… they
were red, but the pattern was not your ordinary sharingan.

Shikaku motioned for another agent to come. “Take Fugaku-sama to the hospital, now,” he
ordered. “Itachi! Go to the hospital, that’s an order,” he felt wrong saying it like that, but the
boy was clearly miles away from reason. Thankfully, his training was still there. With
shaking hands, Itachi stood up and shunshinned with the ANBU carrying his father.

At this point, Minato appeared in a blur of yellow. “Shikaku! What happened here?”

“Fugaku-sama was attacked. He somehow survived. Ryoko… she…” damn it! He choked up,
unable to clearly say it out loud. In his mind, an image of his own son popped up. She was
just a child like Shikamaru… young and clever flicker of life that was taken from them.

Minato was looking around the room and frowned. “I sense you sent Fugaku to the hospital.
Where is Ryoko-chan?”

“I… sent her body to the morgue… so we could find out what happened… why she didn’t
fight back,” he pushed the words out with great strain.

“YOU SEND HER BODY WHERE?” this probably was the first and only time Shikaku
heard Minato raise his voice. He blinked dumbfounded.

“To.. the morgue, Hokage-sama… we need to…” he muttered unsure where the problem was.
Minato was cursing loudly. When the blond looked up, he saw blue eyes filled with worry.

“Orochimaru-sama is working in the morgue,” Minato whispered. Shikaku’s mouth opened
slightly, but he was lost for words.

“Shit…” he fucked up.

“Kami! He’ll destroy the whole village!” Minato cursed again then grabbed his shoulder.
“You’re coming with me. I’ll need you to restrain the snake,” Shikaku didn’t even inhale to
respond when both of them were gone with Minato’s trademark teleportation technique.

━━━━━━━━━━

Orochimaru sighed covering the last cadaver for the day. He wished to inspect live beings
again. It felt like so long since the last experiment he did with live subjects. It all changed
since he became a sensei.

Ryoko was right of course. With the dead ones, he could still gather enough data. Plus collect
some DNA for his… side project. And it all was still legal and even valued in Konoha.
Absurd, but legal.

The door to his lab opened and a masked agent wheeled in a table with a body covered with a
white sheet.



“Put that in the cooler,” Orochimaru waved his hand ready to retire for the rest of the day and
continue in the evening as usual.

“It’s an urgent case, Lord Orochimaru,” the mask said and left quickly. Sannin hummed
taking another look at the table. By the looks of it… It was a small corpse. Probably a child.

Taking a long breath he put on a mask of calmness. Dealing with kids was never pleasant, but
somebody had to do it. The man stepped closer and pushed the white cover aside. He blinked.
Surely he was seeing things from the long hours spent in this basement…

Then the smell of blood and jasmine tea assaulted his nostrils. She was pale as… corpse.
Dark hair around her head was like a shadow consuming her.

“Ryoko… that’ssss not funny,” he whispered. Slowly his hand reached for her wrist… It was
cold. No pulse. No chakra. Nothing.

Orochimaru pulled his hand away as if burned by the contact. The air around him started to
buzz from the amount of chakra let loose. The floors and walls creaked and cracked. Only
then he noticed the kunai stuck in her eye sockets.

His eyes were wide, looking the girl over from head to toe. “No no nononono…” he muttered
in panic. The world around him went into a spiral. Darkness clouded his mind.

This could not be true. He could not have lost another one… His student… His precious
child…

“WAKE UP!” he yelled out leaning closer and started to shake her shoulders. It felt like his
body was shaken instead. With a jittery hand, he reached for the kunai and pulled it out. Then
the other.

Empty holes stared right at him.

His hands started to glow green, but it was too late. Orochimaru felt the rigger starting to
settle in her bones and muscles. The glow faded. His hands dropped down onto her limp
body. Something was prickling at the corners of his eyes.

“Please…” Orochimaru whispered, bending over the girl. His long fingers clutched at
Ryoko’s shirt. Kami… he sobbed unable to even say her name anymore. Something in his
chest hurt. It was getting hard to breath. It felt like a knot formed in his throat.

“Pleasssse…” he said again. Hesitantly his head lifted to see Ryoko’s face again. Carefully,
his hand cupped her cheek. He could practically see those bored yet vivid eyes staring at him.
Dark and mysterious with a flame no match even for Amaterasu.

The sannin stilled and leaned closer. He was inches away from her eye sockets. Chakra
around Orochimaru finally settled. The room fell into an eerie silence.

That is how Minato found him. Just staring at her face with a blank expression. Tears already
dried. A determined expression on his face.



“Orochimaru-sama, I will find whoever did this,” Hokage said. Orochimaru felt as his body
suddenly became paralyzed.

“Releasssse the jutsu, Nara,” he hissed without raising his eyes to the arrivals.

“Do it,” Minato said to Shikaku. Orochimaru felt control again and slowly raised from the
bent position he was in. Eyes still fixed on her face.

“That’ssss not Ryoko.”

Silence.

“I know it’s hard to believe, but…”

Orochimaru’s head finally snapped at Shikaku. “That’s not her! It’s a fake corpsssse!”

The look on Minato’s face said that he didn’t believe his words. Orochimaru scoffed at that
and rolled his eyes. Slowly he placed his fingers into the eye socket and fished the little tiny
thing that caught his attention.

“Since when, does Ryoko have blue eyessss?” he said coldly, and yes, right there on his
fingertip was what was left of clearly blue iris.

Shikaku and Minato shared a look. They finally stepped closer and inspected the corpse.
“Shit..” Shikaku muttered with a long sigh.

“But I cannot feel her chakra in the village or near it,” Minato reasoned. Orochimaru clicked
his tongue with irritation.

“Ever heard of sealsssss suppressing chakra presence?” he pointed out, not amused.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko stared at the face of her relative. It felt like looking in the mirror. Was that her future?
To be bound and used as a tool. A slave for Danzo’s whims. Forever left in the darkness. If
only she could move a single finger…

Danzo pushed Ryoko down on a chair in front of Kyoko. Then went to the bound woman and
undid her eye mask. Instantly the girl was met with two vibrant red eyes… Mangekyo pattern
spun and she felt herself falling into the darkness.

“And what do we have here?” a sickly sweet voice rang all around her.

Ryoko could guess what would happen next. She would be broken into pieces and then put
back together into what Danzo wanted her to be.

“You’re niece!” she responded into the void. She would not give in, no matter how inviting
the numbness of the void felt.

“HAHAHAHA! My brother is long gone, you fool,” the woman cackled.



“NO! My father is alive!”

If only Ryoko could activate her own sharingan… Like that time with Obito… She would
have a fighting chance. But there was no chakra at her disposal. Ryoko felt only the woman's
chakra around her.

If only I… hesitant thought wavered in her mind. If she could steal Kakashi’s jutsu, then why
not someone else’s chakra? … Rationally thinking, the foreign chakra was already invading
her body for the genjutsu to work… It was in her system…

The girl focused on the feeling she had when absorbing Chidori. The way nature chakra was
consumed by her coils. The way Kakashi’s chakra was consumed…

“You will obey my will,” Kyoko whispered.

“Think again, auntie,” Ryoko felt her lips smirk as suddenly the world around her was bright
again.

“BITCH!” she heard Danzo curse and then suddenly her eyes were covered again. “WHAT
THE HELL DID YOU DO?” he roared at one of them. Kyoko laughed again.

“Shriveled man, you think an Uchiha can be so easily swayed? She got you, bastard,” her
voice was dripping with malice. As sudden as the chakra appeared in her body, it was gone.
Not enough time to do anything… but! Maybe if she had one more chance… she could…

“Shut up, slave!” Ryoko heard a slap echo in the room. The woman before her laughed even
more.

“My eyes won’t work on a real Uchiha. Good luck,” that was the last thing she heard. Ryoko
wanted to say something, but her body was still paralyzed and out of her control. She felt
Danzo tug her up. The girl stumbled as she was pushed away.

Only by the sound of their steps, could Ryoko tell that they were back in the bedroom. She
then felt another push to her back and her body fell on something soft. Ryoko was turned
over to lay on her back. The cover over her eyes was lifted.

“Well, if you are this way, we’ll have to go with option one until there is nothing left in your
mind to resist Kyoko’s technique,” Danzo looked livid. He walked away from her field of
vision only to return in a couple of minutes.

He lifted a syringe to her face. “Don’t worry, I’ll keep you healthy. This, right here, will help
to increase our chances,” he said with a sadistic smile. Then she felt Danzo lift her shirt just
enough to bare her belly.

Dickhead… Ryoko cursed feeling the syringe stab her in the guts area.

“This is a very handy concoction, you know. It will help to make you fertile almost twenty-
four seven.”

“...”



He was gone again. The next time Danzo returned, he pushed an IV into her arm. She
wondered what shit was pumped into her system now. Was it the same paralyzing drug? Or a
mixture of something even worse?

Ohhh…. Ryoko sighed as the world started to melt around her. Colors became vivid and
almost neon. Danzo’s face also changed. The man looked like a shriveled jackal to her eyes
now. This felt surprisingly similar to that one ACID trip she took in her past life.

The concept of time was lost on her. It could have been days or minutes before Jackal
returned again. Ryoko was still very much tripping, but her mind managed to register a
syringe somewhere in her vision.

The girl didn’t even feel the stab to her belly anymore. A little rational part of her mind
reasoned that it happened, but that is all. Thankfully, Ryoko was way more tolerant of drugs
than alcohol. She saw the visions, but could still think and reason their meaning.

“Danzo… what have you done…” the girl heard another voice. It sounded familiar.

“It’s the only way…” Jackal said. Then the owner of the new voice came into view.

A goat, huh? she would cock her head in surprise if she could. The goat was looking straight
at her. It was white and old-looking.

“But did you have to put her on our bed?” Goat complained.

“Oh, Hiruzen, don’t be jealous now. Nobody will look for her here,” Jackal cooed. She
watched how two animals exchanged what looked like a french kiss. It was weird, to say the
least, but hey, she was not against interspecies relationships.

“She’s looking at us…” Goat whispered.

“Don’t worry, love, she is as high as the sun. Another day or two and her mind will be ripe
for Kyoko’s taking.”

“I wish there was another way,” Goat leaned close to her face. “Know that Konoha
appreciates your service.”

Strange… what is that ‘Konoha’ he’s speaking off? Ryoko wondered for a long while. When
her attention snapped back, she realized that she was alone again. The walls and ceiling were
spinning into one colorful mass.

She heard a distant sound. Jackal was back with another syringe. Ryoko felt the prick this
time. More like a mosquito bite, really. The animal leaned to her face as if searching for
something.

“You are mine until I don’t need you anymore,” he said coldly. Huh, so she belongs to
Jackal? Is she a jackal too? The girl wondered as her wide pupils stared back at him.

“It would be much easier with Orochimaru taking care of the procedure, but you just had to
take him into your clutches,” his voice sent a shiver down the girl’s unmoving spine. White



snake? Were there more animals around?

Jackal looked angry. “I despise you. You’re like a cockroach that doesn’t die. You’re the
pebble in my shoe,” he spoke making Ryoko even more confused. So was she an insect then?
Or a stone? By the way she couldn’t move, maybe she was a stone… huh.

Then something was pulled on her eyes. Ryoko tried to blink the darkness away, but nothing
happened. Hello? she called into the void. Silence. Jackal was gone. She was left alone.
Maybe she died? It felt like she was dead.

Ryoko felt sick. She missed the colors and changing shapes around her. She didn’t like the
emptiness that surrounded her. She didn’t want to be alone. Maybe Jackal will return soon?
She could only hope.

━━━━━━━━━━

Civil war? Or Panic? Or a gag order?

Minato rubbed at his temples. There was a hard decision he had to make. Orochimaru already
shared his suspicions, not like he himself didn’t consider who the culprit could be.

“We need proof,” Shikaku finally said after a long moment he took to think.

“PROOF?!!! I have to find herrrr now!” Orochimaru yelled out. Minato couldn’t blame him,
but he was also impressed by the level of control the sannin showed up until now. Were it his
student, the blond didn’t know if he could stay still like that and plot.

“Fugaku. Nobody knows he’s alive. Maybe he’s already awake?” Shikaku said, bless the man
of reason, Kami.

“Alright. Shikaku, I want you to gather clan heads and explain what is happening. We don’t
have much time to mobilize the shinobi. If it really is Danzo, he won’t be alone,” Minato
ordered in his stern Hokage voice.

“IF?? Are you sssstupid?? Have you forgotten about the Root he had infiltrate shinobi
rankssss?” Orochimaru was like a little devil on his shoulder, urging him to act without
thinking. But Minato was strong and level-headed despite the looming civil war.

“No, I have not. The ones we could find are still in T&I,” Minato said hoping that they were
really there and not gone like Ryoko. “Orochimaru-sama, you’re coming with me to the
hospital. I need you to keep an eye on Itachi. The boy will realize what happened soon when
he’s out of shock.”

Orochimaru scoffed but didn’t protest anymore. In a million years, Minato would have not
believed that kids were the factor that swayed a rattled snake. But he would use this to keep
the sannin in check. He needed the man calm and clear-headed for the upcoming fight. It was
in the air. No political juggling would solve the mess they were in.

“What about the Uchiha?” Shikaku asked.



“Hmm, tell Mikoto and only her what happened. She will keep them in check until we take
care of everything. I am the Hokage of the Village Hidden in The Leaves and it is my duty to
protect my people. I cannot let any more of them to get hurt,” Minato was determined. His
will of fire never shined brighter.

Yet the thought of Danzo somehow managing to take down two of the strongest Uchiha was
daunting. What could the man have up his sleeve to leave no evidence behind? Why would
he even take Ryoko?

“Move, we have to assemble quickly and in secret,” Minato said to Shikaku before grabbing
Orochimaru’s shoulder. Poof and they were gone.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 24: For the Greater Good
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“He is out with Ryoko-chan, I’ll let him know you stopped by,” she smiled like a good wife
she was. Behind her calm exterior, was bubbling and swirling furry. Mikoto was not a fool.
She knew the danger lurking for shinobi. She knew the danger clan head families were under
because of their position.

She knew all that. She prepared for that. Maybe that is why when Shikaku appeared before
her with a solemn expression, she knew what it was about. Mikoto inhaled deeply and
listened as he whispered to her ear.

The man whispered! If that wasn’t a sign enough, his words were. Even with a low voice, he
still spoke in riddles.

“Some tea spilled at your home. Fugaku-sama is out to get some more. He should be back
soon. Kushina-san will keep you company,” she nodded. Obviously, stationing ANBU guards
would be too suspicious for whatever was happening. “By the way, Ryoko-chan was
summoned to a mission,” he added nonchalantly.

“I see. Thank you, Shikaku-sama,” Mikoto nodded slowly. Her face was already tucked away
behind a calm facade. “Sasuke, darling, we’re going now! We’ll have a playdate with Naruto-
kun,” she smiled at her son like her life wasn’t being shattered by unknown forces.

And then she was back home. Kushina was there with a smile that didn’t reach her eyes. At
least little Naruto and Sasuke were unburdened by the truth of what was going on. Mikoto
had to fend off a couple of clansmen looking for her husband. It was easy.

Kushina didn’t say anything to her. Mikoto didn’t ask. The woman smelled the lingering
scent of blood in her home. It was all that she needed to know. Now sitting by the kitchen
table, she stared blankly at the wall. Her hands were clenched tightly. She had to stay strong.

━━━━━━━━━━

Minato and Orochimaru appeared in the hospital just as the ANBU head medic left the
operating room with Itachi in tow.

“What’s the status?” the blond asked.

“Patient U059127668F2 is stable now. A vein was slightly nicked, a lung collapsed, but
otherwise nothing life-threatening,” the doctor reported. “Patient will be conscious in around
30 minutes.”

“I want my personal guards posted at all times. Noone is authorized to visit or know of the
patient,” Minato ordered before the doctor left. Then he glanced at Itachi who stayed behind.



His hands were bloody. Even his face had streaks of blood. Poor kid… Dark eyes looked
distant and cold.

“Itachi? You need to get some rest,” he tried to get the boy's attention. Young Uchiha started
a hesitant nod.

“Yes, Hokage-sama… I will go home and check on my sis…” his words broke. Itachi was
finally snapping out of shock and into grim reality.

Minato grabbed the boy’s shoulder, so he couldn’t run away. “She is not there.” His voice
was calm, but it was doing nothing for Itachi. Young heir activated his eyes and tried to get
away. Where it just a regular shinobi, the boy would have succeeded. Minato was called a
Yellow Flash for a reason.

Faster than the human eye could follow and even sharingan would struggle, the Hokage
blocked Itachi’s escape and placed a tag with a seal on the boy's chest. It was a variation on
tranquilizer drugs and chakra suppressants. Not strong enough to knock Itachi fully out, but
just enough to stop him in his tracks.

“Orochimaru-sama, please reason with him, while I talk with Fugaku-sama,” Minato sighed
pushing the dazed teen into the snake’s hands. Not waiting for a response, he walked away to
Fugaku’s room. If anyone could sweet-talk down an enraged Uchiha, that most definitely
would be a sannin. At least Minato hoped so.

He stopped by the bed and looked over the man, once so stoic and invincible, now pale and
bandaged. How could this happen to a clan head of one of the strongest clans?

“Fugaku-sama,” Minato asked, noticing a mild disturbance in Uchiha’s chakra flow. Older
man's eyes snapped open and he was once again greeted with the spinning pattern of
sharingan. “Damn.. Uchiha…” Minato cursed pushing Fugaku back down. “Please calm
down, this is me. Minato Namikaze. You are in the hospital.”

Fugaku frantically looked around, not at all following Minato’s request. Very quickly the
whole room was filled with blood stopping killing intent. “Ryoko! I have to find her!”
Fugaku tried to sit up once again.

Minato was not left any other option - he used the same tag with a seal drawn on it, like on
Itachi. That finally made Fugaku go limp on the bed, eyes deactivated, but still somewhat
frantic.

“Please, Fugaku-sama, tell me what happened. I will get Ryoko-chan back, I promise,” the
blond pleaded.

He noticed how Uchiha’s hands clasped the white sheet and shivered from all the rage that
bubbled inside of him. “Danzo! He had sharingan eyes under his bandages!” the man
growled an answer.

“...eyes?” Minato blinked severely dumbfounded, as concern started to build up inside his
mind. He could not have heard it wrong… eyes… as in multiple sharingan eyes… The



thought was unnerving, but at least it explained why Danzo could pull a fast one on Ryoko
and Fugaku. Surprise alone would be enough to render anyone immobile for a second.

“Hn. He even had Mangekyou Sharingan! He did something… We could not move, but he
could…” Fugaku spoke slowly and closed his eyes, reliving the event in his head.

“Did.. Danzo say why he attacked you?” Minato asked. This was already enough to prosecute
the elder. Not only an attack on a clan head and their child but a dojutsu theft on top? He
made a mistake once before, by allowing Danzo to retire unpunished for Root activity.
Minato was not about to repeat himself again.

“He needs more eyes…”

“Ah…” the Hokage sighed. Of course… A thief would need to restock his collection…
“Fugaku-sama, Mikoto-san was notified and is being kept safe discreetly. You will have to
stay here until… we prune Konoha from the rotten roots. I promise I will bring Ryoko-chan
back. You have my word as the Hokage of the Leaf.”

The man didn’t respond for a long time after Minato finished his vow. “Minato… Take Itachi
with you. You will need someone with sharingan to fight against Danzo,” he said finally after
closing his eyes. As if he just ordered his son to be taken for slaughter! Minato frowned.

“But, Fugaku-sama! He’s just a kid!”

“Trust me, an Uchiha is no kid, when his sister is in danger. He will go either way, so might
as well with your guidance, Hokage-sama,” there was bitterness and pain and determination
all mixed in one commanding yet pleading tone. Minato opened his mouth and closed it
again.

He didn’t have parents growing up in the orphanage up until becoming a genin, but Minato
imagined that this is how it feels when a father makes an argument you do not agree with, but
have to obey, because it is reasonable. “Alright, Fugaku-sama.”

━━━━━━━━━━

In the dead of night, the Hidden Village of Konoha was surprisingly silent yet alive under the
false sense of serenity. Shadows shimmered with covert traffic. The tension built until it
would eventually pop.

“Team Minato, is your mission clear?” he stood before three teens in his Hokage Tower. They
were the ones Minato would bet his life on.

“Yes, Hokage-sama,” they answered in chorus. Three pairs of eyes looked serious and
determined. Not children anymore. Not like the first time they went to war. All three have
seen their fair share of blood and loss. Neither would lose another comrade without a fight.

The Hokage gave a stern nod. “Stand by. Kakashi, you are the team leader. I trust your
judgment to make the right call,” he said sparing one last look at the silver-haired boy. This



could be too much pressure to put on a child… but it was Kakashi. The ANBU captain
Kakashi. The genius Hatake. If anyone could handle this, it was him.

“Understood, Hokage-sama,” the boy in question bowed and the three teens disappeared just
in time before Shikaku entered the office.

“Hokage-sama, my reports are done. It is time,” Nara said, still very much cryptic. For the
last two hours, he was tasked to gather clan heads and discreetly tell what is happening and
who is behind it. Some didn’t believe it right away… Some knew exactly what was going on.

To Minato’s horror, more clans mentioned their own being swept away with mysterious
accidents or deaths, while presumably recruited for the Root.

Only Hyuga remained adamant to give the elder the benefit of the doubt. That is until the
mention of dojutsu theft was whispered out loud.

Finally - they all agreed that Danzo had to be apprehended. Minato could only hope that they
would not be too late…

The last yet absurdly concerning piece of the puzzle for the blond was - where was Sarutobi-
sensei? He couldn’t feel the Third anywhere in the village. There were no reports of him
leaving… The only explanation would be, that the old man was with his friend… Danzo.

All roads lead to Danzo Shimura.

…

“They are coming.”

“I know.”

“What are you going to do, Danzo?”

“Only take what is rightfully mine. Konoha needs my help. It is dwindling by a thread. I
cannot allow the incompetent fools to twiddle their thumbs any longer. We need to take
action.”

“Hmmm, you know, I will always stand by you?”

“Yeessss, I do, Hiruzen,” the man smiled as he calmly poured more tea for both of them. His
Root agents were already assembled in the perimeter. Nobody will come in or out without
him knowing.

“Lord Danzo! Minato Namikaze just walked through your gates. He is headed inside,” one
agent announced.

“Hmm, alone? How cocky,” he scoffed, sipping the green tea from his cup. “Let him in, I will
take care of him,” Danzo waved his hand dismissively to the masked shinobi. Hey, if Minato
is truly alone, then this could be staged as another unfortunate accident. It already worked
once before with Tobirama-sensei…



…

Minato felt dozens of eyes on him as he walked inside the Shimura estate. He would rather
face another thousand enemies head-on than… this! The shadow ranks of his own village…
His heart was already bleeding for all the souls lost on his watch.

“This ends here!” Minato said as he stepped into the room with the two old men casually
drinking tea. His eyes were burning yet calculating. He could not allow emotions to consume
him if the enemy was as strong as everyone made him be…

“Oh, how nice of you to join us, Hokage-sama. Please, how may I be of assistance?” Danzo
smirked, keeping up the pointless charade. The sarcasm in his voice was not lost on Minato.

“Where is she?”

“Who might you be speaking of?” Danzo placed his teacup on the table carefully and turned
to look fully at him. Visible eye dead and cold.

“Drop the act, Danzo. I know what you’ve been up to and what you are hiding under those
bandages.”

“I see,” the elder slowly stood up, Minato didn’t flinch back even if his instincts wanted to.
The man tugged on the bandages of his arm.

“Minato, give up,” Sarutobi exhaled from his spot.

“Don’t even! How could you allow this, Third?” the blond yelled out as his anger bubbled
into the surface. Till the last minute, he really hoped that it had to be a mistake. How could a
former kage betray his people like this…

"It's for the greater good. It's for Konoha," Hiruzen said.

“Minato, it is time you give up the hat. You are no match for us,” Danzo spoke as his
bandages fell to the floor.

“Ohhh, but he isssss not alone,” Orochimaru stepped inside from the shadows of the hallway
behind Minato. And the sannin was not alone either. Right next to him was Shikaku Nara,
Uchiha Itachi and Shisui, Hyuga Hiashi and Hizashi, and the very last in the back Shibi
Aburame.

That’s right. As Minato entered the territory, he placed his seals around to summon those
from behind the security barrier. Fellow elite shinobi and ANBU alike. As they stood in the
hall, his shadow ranks were already taking on Root agents. Distant sounds of battle could be
heard.

“I am the Hokage of the Village Hidden in the Leaves. And I will make you pay for the
crimes you committed against Konoha!”

“So that’s how it’s gonna be?” Danzo smirked. With a sudden snap of his hand, he tore the
last bandage covering his eye. Unmistakable red eyes were all the proof Minato needed.



The blond flickered along with Shisui and they attacked the elder. Itachi was observing from
behind together with Hiashi.

On the other side, Hiruzen already summoned his monkey and tried to get a hit on Minato,
but was blocked by Orochimaru’s sword.

“Ah, you will defy your sensei, child?” Sarutobi said with disappointment.

“You took my sssstudent! You will pay for that!” the snake hissed and his deadly aura filled
the space forcing everyone to shiver.

Their forces split as the fight wrecked the building around them. In the open air of the night,
a battle between former allies started. Hizashi and Shibi joined Orochimaru, while dojutsu
wielders helped Minato.

He was strong, Minato never doubted himself in a fight. Until now. Those stolen eyes…
somehow allowed Danzo to flicker back in top shape even after taking a killing blow.

“What the…” the blond cursed dodging and flickering to the back.

“It’s Izanagi. Every time he uses it, one sharingan eye closes rendered unusable, but it grants
him the ability to nullify any injury,” Itachi said, dropping in the spot next to him. Minato
nodded.

“Well, he’ll run out of the eyes eventually,” Minato smirked and attacked again.

━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi shifted slightly on the tree branch he was perched on. It would be much easier and
faster if sensei allowed him to go alone… Obito he could understand… but Rin? Why did she
have to go into danger? The logical part of his brain had an answer - his teammate was a
medic. There was no telling what they would find inside.

“Now!” Kakashi commanded as he felt the pulse of senseis chakra on the tag with a seal he
was given. The three nodded and gave into the pull coming of the tags. They were
transported right inside the Shimura estate.

As predicted, most Root agents gathered to the main part of the house and garden to fight
against ANBU and the adults. Their path was more or less clear. Those who did stay to lurk
in the shadows were quickly spotted by Obito and got rid of by Kakashi.

Hatake’s moves were efficient yet deadly. Maybe he wasn’t wearing the Hound’s mask now,
but he was the ANBU captain with every fiber of his being. No fake slouch or laid-back
attitude. He was a shinobi with a mission.

“Straight ahead,” Pakun barked out as he led the way deeper into the house. The three teens
followed in silence, careful to avoid any traps or hidden agents. “There! Behind that door!”
Finally, the dog stopped sniffing around.



Kakashi approached slowly the imposing double doors and sniffed for himself. Jasmine.
Blood. Medicin. Ryoko. She was there! His hand stopped inches away from the handle. Just
now, he almost disregarded any common sense and allowed his instinct to take over.

“Obito, do you see any traps or genjutsu?” he asked. What good would they be if they fell
into a trap? Caution should be their priority, not barging in head-on… Yet that is exactly what
he wanted to do… deep deep inside.

“Nothing,” his teammate replied, still looking around with a bright red eye and one blue eye.

“There are fresh scents, but they went in the direction of the fight,” Pakun added.

“Alright, stay on alert,” Kakashi inhaled and pushed the door open. The boy crouched on
instinct expecting to be attacked, but there was only silence in the dimly lit room.

“Hime!” Obito yelped and tried to go towards the bed, but Kakashi stopped him.

“Wait, let me check if that’s really her,” he whispered, stepping in front of both Rin and
Obito. He would not make the same mistake as a captain of Team Minato again. He would
not put them in danger. Never again. That is why he stepped forward in case everything here
was a trap.

Kakashi stopped by the bed and leaned closer towards the unconscious girl. There was no
movement, but he could hear her heartbeat. Slowly he lowered his mask and sniffed. That’s
Ryoko alright. She always smelled like Jasmine and fire and blood and flowers and spices.
She always smelled… like life itself. Vibrant and filled with flavor.

He gave a nod pushing his mask back in place. Serious eyes finally took in her appearance.
Her clothing looked like something she would wear… compared to the ghastly kimono he
found her in the last time she was kidnapped… She had an IV in her arm and… her eyes
were covered.

Hesitantly he reached for the black fabric. Kakashi knew what he could find under it. He
knew first hand how an empty eye socket looks like… A relieved breath escaped him when
he was met by two big and dark as night eyes. Ryoko’s eyes.

“Hey there. It’s me, Kakashi,” he said slowly catching her gaze with his eye. She looked
dazed… her pupils were almost as big as her irises. There was no recognition he could spot in
her face. “She’s drugged,” Kakashi turned to Obito and Rin who watched the windows and
the door.

“Right, let me check,” Rin pushed him aside with a medic’s authority Kakashi had never seen
before. Huh. He really hasn’t been on a mission with them for too long. They changed…

His teammate quickly did the diagnostics, then took out a senbon and dabbed it into the IV
bag. To his horror, she then licked said senbon!

“Rin! What are you doing! You don’t know what’s in there!” he hissed at the girl. For once,
Obito was the quiet and collected one. Kakashi was definitely missing something about his



teammates…

“Kakashi, I am trained in poisons and medical ninjutsu. I know what I’m doing, trust me for
once,” she clapped back without even sparing him a look. Like she was used to saying this
exact line on a daily basis.

He stayed quiet and observed. Five minutes later, Rin pulled back. Her face was sour.
“You’re right. She’s drugged with some heavy stuff. There is something else in her system
keeping her paralyzed. I’m afraid if I take paralysis away, Ryoko-chan might freak out from
the drugs.”

“Then clear the drugs from her system!” Kakashi wasn’t seeing the problem here.

“It’s not that simple. It will take hours!” Rin exhaled again. Sensei gave them a strict time
limit. They could not come early or stay too long. Or even leave before the signal is given.

“Alright, Rin. I trust you. Do as you see fit now. We still have around ten minutes,” Kakashi
finally decided and stepped back to give the girl some space, while he and Obito would guard
her back.

With the corner of his eyes, the boy watched as Rin took the IV out of Ryoko’s arm. Then her
glowing hands hovered over Uchiha’s body. Ten minutes were spent in silence with the
buzzing of healing chakra in the background.

“Alright. The drug is still there and paralysis too for the most part. I took care of… other
things…” Rin brushed the sweat off her forehead.

“What other things?” Obito asked the question that was on Kakashi’s mind too. Rin shook
her head.

“Not now. We should get ready to leave,” she was right of course, but he could not help
exchanging a glance with Obito.

“Alright,” Kakashi finally agreed to put the questions aside in favor of completing the
mission. He scooped Ryoko into his arms and carefully folded her hands on her chest, so they
would not be in the way while he ran.

Her eyes, still wide and far away, made contact with his. Kakashi felt her hand clutch the
fabric of his vest. “Hey, there. It’s me. You’re safe now,” he tried and failed to sound soft. All
that came out of his mouth were cold and emotionless words.

Ryoko blinked twice. Kakashi stopped in his tracks.

“What is it?” Obito instantly was by his side and looked down with worry at his cousin.

“I think… she is trying to communicate something…” Kakashi guessed and felt her hand
grasp the fabric tighter.

One long blink. So that’s a yes.



“What is it, hime? Tell us,” Obito pleaded. Kakashi could tell that his friend wanted to touch
Ryoko, but couldn’t from fear or worry or all and more.

Her eyes darted distinctly to the side. Like pointing at something. Kakashi slowly turned
around with the girl in his hands. There was nothing out of the ordinary. The bed, a couple of
paintings, a chest of drawers…

“S…” Kakashi’s eyes snapped back at Ryoko. She made a sound!

“S?” he repeated and leaned closer. Her voice was distant and scratchy, but he made out one
word.

“Seal? There is a seal here?” he asked and received one long blink in response. “Obito…”

“Already on it!” his teammate said scanning the room with his sharingan. Kakashi wondered
if they really had fallen into a trap… if there was a seal preventing them from leaving… or
something that tied Ryoko to this place… something that could harm her…

DAMN IT ALL! He didn’t even check for seals when they got inside. Kakashi wanted to
berate himself further, but the middle of a mission was not a time for that...

“There!” Obito pointed at the wall next to the bed.

“Ryoko, is it a trap?” Kakashi tried to ask her before giving any further orders.

Two blinks - no.

“Is there something behind it?” Rin chimed in.

One blink - yes.

“Ryoko, we cannot waste time on this, we must get you…” Kakashi tried to explain even
though the girl didn’t actually have a choice in the matter. Then her hand released the vest
she clung on and… gave him a weak punch.

He looked very seriously into her eyes. Ryoko seemed miles away and yet lucid enough to
understand him. She most definitely will kill him if he ignores her plea…

“Fine… Obito, can you… I don’t know? Evaporate it or something?” Kakashi let out a long
sigh.

“Sensei will kill me if he finds out I can mess with his seals this way,” teen Uchiha snickered
before his expression became serious once more. His sharingan pattern changed and shifted
into Mangekyo. Kakashi tried himself to use it once… But it would leave him exhausted for
weeks. Better leave Uchiha business to Uchiha.

He stepped aside and watched as the swirl of void consumed the wall with the seal still on it!
Left behind was a gaping hole into a secret room!



“Be careful,” Kakashi said as Obito stepped closer and peaked inside. “What is it?”
Something in the air shifted. The hair on Kakashi’s neck stood up from the KI in the air
around them. “Get back, OBITO!” he yelled out ready to jump in, but…

Obito already staggered back… Only then Kakashi realized that his teammate was the one
omitting the urge for bloodshed. Before he could ask anything else, Obito already dashed
fully through the hole and into the darkness of the room.

“Shit,” Kakashi cursed and followed his friend with Ryoko securely clutched in his arms. Rin
was right behind him.

━━━━━━━━━━

It felt like the fight was going on for hours when in fact it was no more than fifteen minutes.
With their shinobi speed and skill, life or death was a blink away. Minato felt like he never
again wanted to be on the other side facing a sharingan wielder.

Those eyes were dangerous and deadly. If you even dared to make eye contact - you were
done for. Having Shisui and Itachi by his side was a saving grace.

Most of the eyes on Danzo’s arm (and oh Kami, how did he have so many of them?) were
already closed. They were close.

A loud yell followed by silence got Minato’s attention. He glanced back to where
Orochimaru’s giant snake was crushing a no smaller monkey and spotted the source. Sannin’s
blade glimmered black in the moonlight from blood. There, by the man’s feet, rolled a head
without a body…

“HIRUZEN!” Danzo yelled with anger never seen before. So the man actually had feelings?

“You’re done, DANZO!” Minato responded and attacked again with the hope to take
advantage of the commotion. He managed to kill the elder two more times. It looked like
only one sharingan eye was left open.

Shimura went to full frenzy mode and lashed with wild techniques to anyone nearby. He
flickered away and appeared right before Itachi with hand extended in clear intent of
harvesting a replacement eye…

“NOT MY SON, YOU BITCH!” out of nowhere, Mikoto appeared between the two with her
hand going straight for the last eye. Minato stopped in his tracks and just watched as she
extracted her hand with an eye tightly clenched between her bloody fingers.

Danzo stumbled back and fell to his knees. “It’s done…” Minato whispered with awe.

“Not yet,” Hiashi said as he appeared next to Danzo and in quick succession of accurate hits,
rendered the elder immobile.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Mom?”



He heard that one magic word and stopped. Kakashi instinctively disrupted his chakra for any
potential genjutsu, but nothing changed. Still in front of him was a bound and blinded
woman, with Obito shaking and shivering before her, whispering that same word.

“Mom? Is that you?” Obito’s hand reached carefully for the woman’s face and stopped inches
away. The woman tilted her head slightly to the sound but answered nothing.

“Obito… we have to go,” Kakashi said from the back.

“I’m not leaving her here! Kakashi, that's… that's my mom,” Obito glanced back with a smile
and tears streaming down his cheeks. He nodded slowly. It was better to agree than to protest
an emotionally compromised Uchiha.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Apologies for the wait on this chapter guys! I was pretty overwhelmed with the real-life
stuff ^^ hope you enjoyed reading!



Chapter 25: Fallout... again

Ryoko felt overwhelmed by the number of animals in her space. She instinctively nuzzled
closer to the wolfish dog's chest, who was carrying her. He looked like a husky or an actual
wolf from the white fur she could see. There was also an outer with eyes of different colors.
And there was even some kind of bird with strange marks next to its beak.

Too much. Her head was spinning. The bird did something to her… something that made her
feel again. The pain in her arm, in her stomach, in her head. Ryoko closed her eyes and tried
to concentrate on her breathing instead.

The moment of clarity to point out the secret room took too much effort in the end. As she
was carried into the darkness, Ryoko gave in to the exhaustion and fell asleep. The dog's
calm heartbeat was like a lullaby…

…

…

…

As if dosed with cold water, Ryoko suddenly snapped back to her senses. Chakra on alert and
buzzing from her fingertips, she sat up on, what appeared to be a bed. Her sharingan activated
instantly, no longer bound by unknown chemicals.

“Calm down, kid, you’re in the hospital,” a familiar voice said from the corner. Her eyes
snapped to the noise and noticed a familiar mask.

“Taicho!” she rasped out. It has been a while since she spoke. Ryoko inhaled deeply calming
her nerves, even though her blood wasn’t rushing. She was a cold-blooded killer after all.
Wolf stepped closer and into the dim light.

“Mmm, how you feeling?” he asked.

Ryoko took a moment to digest the question. Her skin was crawling with cold sweat. Her
insides were turning. She would gladly puke if she was alone. “Hn. Fine,” the girl said
brushing sweat from her forehead.

“You’re going through withdrawal from the drugs,” he explained. That much Ryoko already
figured. Not her first rodeo with drugs. She nodded.

Her hands were shivering as she tried to pluck the IV from her arm.

“Leave it,” Wolf ordered.

“But… I have to…”

“You have to rest. Everything is under control.”



“But… Danzo… he...”

“Under control, Fox. I order you to stay here until the medics clear you.”

“Hn,” not like she could disregard his authority. Ryoko looked around the room. It was a
private one with only her bed in the center. There were so many questions in her mind… “My
aunt… did you find her?”

“Hound and his team recovered her.”

Hound… slowly her memories recalled the husky dog. So that was Kakashi, huh? It was
weird to think now, that she wanted to pet his fur. Thank god she didn’t or Kakashi would
never let her live that down…

“Hn.”

“Stay. I’ll fetch a medic,” Wolf said before vanishing into thin air. Ryoko felt like a dog given
a command.

This sucks major balls… she cursed in her mind leaning back on the pillows. Her hands were
clenched into fists. Madara would have never allowed himself to be captured that way…
Madara would have never allowed to be drugged that way…

She was so weak. Ryoko cursed again and dropped the covers off her body. IV fell from her
arm as the girl stood up on shaky legs. Oh, Kami… the pain in her abdomen! She shivered
and fell to her knees. It felt like the mother of all periods assaulted her insides.

“Fuckin Danzo…” she cursed again and pushed herself up from the very inviting floor. The
girl would like nothing more but to curl up on the cold surface and wait out the pain. But
there was no time… Her father… Her brother… Her family… She had to make sure they are
safe!

Ryoko made her way to the window and pushed it open.

“Wherrrre do you think you’rrrre going?” someone grabbed the back of her gown and pulled
the girl away from the window.

“Sensei,” she sighed, glancing at the sannin who stared at her without any emotions.

“Back to bed, brrrrat,” he hissed and dragged her to the bed that was still warm. He carefully
placed the IV into her arm and even tucked her in… Ryoko sighed.

“Sensei… I have to check on my family,” she frowned.

“They arrrre all here,” Orochimaru spoke as his hands started to glow green.

“Hn.”

“How are yourrr eyes?”



“Fine?” she blinked and activated the sharingan to show exactly how fine she was. He
hummed in response and continued scanning her head to toe. “When can I see them?”

“Soon.”

“What’s the wait for?” her eyes narrowed a bit as she observed the older man. He didn’t show
concern, but Ryoko could tell there was worry in his eyes.

“Ryoko. What did Danzo want from you?”

“You know what,” she muttered looking away.

“Yessss. But your eyes are still in place. So I will asssssk again. What. Did. He. Want. From.
You?”

This was embarrassing and degrading. She didn’t want to say it to her sensei. Ryoko was
already humiliated enough by being kidnapped by an old fuckin geezer. The girl exhaled. She
could feel the golden snake eyes watching her without blinking.

“He… said I have what they call ‘perfect child-bearing hips’,” Ryoko crossed arms over her
chest, which wasn’t an easy task with the IV and all. Her skin was still crawling with a cold
itch. The girl shivered from the sudden spasm from below.

Suddenly two long arms wrapped around her and Ryoko felt her face smothered into the
man's chest. “Sensei…” she gasped out almost struggling to take a breath.

“He didn’t touch you, did heeee?” sannin whispered from above as his fingers brushed over
her unruly hair.

“No, sensei. He needed me in ovulation first…” Ryoko whispered to his chest.

“I’m sorry, child. It’s becausssse of me… He wanted to get to me…”

Ryoko somehow managed to push herself away and scowled at Orochimaru. “No! He wanted
sharingan. Aunty could not give him that so he took me. Is he.. Dead?”

“Unfortunately, no. But he no longerrrr has any stolen eyes,” the man sighed with obvious
disappointment. “Third is dead, however.”

“Good riddance,” she nodded, recalling the image of a goat making out with the bastard. “He
was Danzo’s bitch. Literally.”

“Ryoko! Language!”

“Sorry, not sorry, sensei,” she smirked at him, but then frowned once more from the pain.

━━━━━━━━━━

To say that Itachi was overprotective would be an understatement. Ryoko felt like she gained
a second shadow with her brother always following her around. Even Fugaku put aside any



manners and hugged her every time he saw her. Even in public.

Such a pain. But… to see him alive and well, was reason enough to bear through the affection
he showed. She didn’t believe Danzo’s statement that Fugaku died. Her father was a beast
just like her. Scum like the elder would not kill him…

After two days in the hospital, Ryoko was discharged. She was taken off active duty for a
week. Which she gladly spent sleeping.

What happened in the Shimura estate was highly classified, so obviously, the whole village
knew about it. Or parts of what happened. Lord Third was publicly announced as a traitor,
killed while going against the Hokage’s orders. Orochimaru was now praised as a hero that
protected the Hokage and killed said traitor.

To her amusement, now not only ANBU showed their respect and affection to her sensei, but
regular shinobi and even civilians looked at the snake in a new light. Sannin was naturally
creeped out over the attention and locked himself in the labs.

The only thing known about Danzo was that he committed dojutsu theft, but nothing else.
She guessed that the man was kept in the depths of T&I. Unfortunately. Uchiha were not too
happy about the scum being kept alive. Only Fugaku’s composure kept the clan in line. He
was as stoic and cold as ever.

When she asked about Aunty, he only said that she is being… treated. Eighteen years. That's
how long she was kept in his captivity. Gone right after Obito’s birth. Speaking of her cousin.
Dear Obito was smiling brighter than she had ever seen him.

Jeez, they should make a TV show about the life of an Uchiha… Ryoko thought once
recalling all the drama that happened to her family.

“Good morning, Ryoko-chan!” a redhead woman chirped at her when the girl stumbled into
the kitchen one day.

“Hn,” she muttered. It was still her week off.

“Ryoko, darling, would you like to go shopping with us today?” Mikoto smiled as she poured
tea to her friend.

“No, thank you,” was all she said. Her instincts told her to get out of here as soon as possible,
or mother would get other ideas…

“Alright. SO! Kushina, you said you had news?” thankfully, Mikoto’s attention was directed
to the gossip rather than her daughter.

“Believe it! I’m expecting!”

Ryoko shivered. The thought of another blond menace was daunting. She didn’t really hate
Naruto, but he was just too… happy… and bubbly… and sweet. The only rational solution
was to pretend that she didn’t hear anything and retreat back to her bedroom. Even after
closing the door, the girl could still hear two adult women squealing with excitement.



━━━━━━━━━━

By the end of the week, Ryoko’s hands were already itching to kill someone. She was robbed
of the opportunity to get her revenge on Danzo or even Hiruzen. She couldn’t even save
herself… Ryoko knew that she had enough skills! Yet still, it nagged her to know that
someone else saved her…

And especially, that someone being her rival. Naturally, Ryoko avoided Kakashi on the rare
occasions she did step outside. Even now, as she entered the ANBU HQ the girl stayed
vigilant for his chakra.

“Enter,” the voice sounded after she flared her chakra before the commander's office door
instead of a knock.

“I would like a mission, commander,” she said, stopping in front of his desk. Fox mask was
handing off her belt. She felt his eyes study her.

“Your team will be back in a few days…”

“I would like a solo mission, sir.”

“Hmm.”

“Hn.”

“Alright. I think I have something for you,” the commander finally said fetching a scroll.

Was Ryoko avoiding her team? Maybe. Did she have pent-up anger? Most definitely.
Thankfully, there was no lack in solo assassination missions and Ryoko took each and every
one of them. She stayed in the village no more than a mandatory two days break.

Just before going on her eighth solo adventure, Ryoko stopped by sensei’s home. Her task
was simple enough - to stage a rival gang's assassination with a clear message. Now sending
messages with the corpse Ryoko knew how to do.

Her former father was an artist in such tasks and Ryoko didn’t shy away to copy his creations
in the shinobi world. One of her proudest moments was carving a target into perfect vertical
slices and staging them between sheets of glass, like specimens of human anatomy.

For this mission, however, she needed some extra supplies. “Sensei?” she called, stepping
inside his manor. It didn’t feel like the snake was home, but he also could masterfully
suppress his presence when he wanted to.

She wandered around a bit and decided to check his study before leaving. Empty. There were
only books and scrolls all around, but no Orochimaru. Her eyes did notice something out of
place.

“Huh, haven’t seen you before,” she muttered leaning closer to inspect a cherry bonsai by the
window. It was meticulously trimmed and prompted on a delicate table. The girl shrugged
and left it alone. Not her business if sensei wanted to have a gardening hobby.



It only meant that she would have to gather her supplies on the way. Speeding through the
trees and she crossed the Land of Fire border. After another half an hour her eyes spotted
what she was looking for - a decent size blooming Sakura tree…

Finding the target was not hard either. She used genjutsu to distract the guards and knock out
the man in question. With him laid limp before her, Ryoko began her work. She hung him on
ninja wire, so he would stay up. Then she took her tanto and made a big incision across his
chest.

“Here goes nothing,” she whispered, taking out a scroll. It was placed deep inside the man's
gut. She inhaled and opened the scroll inside the man’s chest.

Smoke poofed around just as she stepped back. Her eyes were slightly wide from the shock
that it actually worked…

It was no ordinary scroll - it was a sealing scroll and inside of it was the sakura tree she
uprooted a while back. Now it looked like the tree grew right over the body making for a
gruesome yet artsy picture. The tree and the body were as one. Entwined. Branches found
their way from the cavities made by her and natural ones.

“Now, the final touch,” she whispered unsealing some flowers that carefully filled the empty
spaces. Her father, Kami bless his soul, would be proud. And Ryoko felt instantly better with
herself and her skills.

She was ready to join her team again.

━━━━━━━━━━

It was a while when Ryoko took another solo mission. She liked working with team Ko, but
sometimes… sometimes she just needed to spread her devilish wings. She needed alone time
too. From her family and teammates.

Just as Ryoko washed away the last remains of blood from her hands, she decided to take a
small detour. It has been a while and she had no joy going back… there. But she also had a
promise to keep.

The girl put away her ANBU uniform and now in plain dark clothing crossed the border into
the Land of Lightning. She had no trouble locating the small village and the brothel.
Coincidentally, it was again early morning when she entered the establishment.

“Misa-chan! You’re alive!” Tsuki smiled from behind the counter.

“Hn,” Ryoko bowed respectfully. “Is Cherry-san here?”

“Ahh, Afraid not. Cherry bailed a while back. Got himself a nice sponsor.”

Ryoko blinked. Sponsor? Her lips curved into a smile. “Sponsor? As in a sugar daddy?”

“Sugar.. What?”



“Well, he supports and showers his baby with money and all things nice. Hence, sugar - as in
all the things sweet and nice,” she explained casually. These people really were in dire need
of her education.

“HAHAH! Yes, I guess he is a sugar daddy then,” Tsuki laughed.

“Well, good for Cherry.”

“Mhhmmm. I heard he got a nice mansion for Cherry in the Land of Sound. Lucky bastard,”
Tsuki sighed looking through the window in the distance. “But I guess you didn’t come here
just to check on us?” the man was perceptive, she had to give it to him.

“Hn. I owe you a lot for helping me. Here,” the girl took out a scroll and unsealed a
substantial bag filled with money. For Ryoko that was barely a few ANBU missions worth of
pay, but for civilians that would mean at least a year worth of income. Tsuki blinked at the
bag. His eyes narrowed at the girl.

“You rich or something?”

“Or something,” she shrugged. “This was meant for you both, but I guess, Cherry doesn’t
need it now, so you can have it all.”

“Are you my sugar daddy now?” Tsuki smirked.

“Tempting as that may be, it is only my honest debt for your kindness,” Ryoko bowed again.
The kind people deserved every ounce of her respect. To help a stranger is never an easy task.

“Stop it, kid. It was nothing… Shit, I’ll have to write to Cherry that you stopped by. He was
concerned after that man came looking for you…”

“A man?”

“Mhmmm. Really tall and pale one. Long dark hair. He a friend of yours?”

“Ahh… Yes,” she tried to hide her smirk, but her tiny heart was warmed by Orochimaru’s
dedication to even step a foot in an establishment like this looking for her. He was the best…

“Well, Cherry probably was not that concerned though, if he eventually left with the man.
His sugar daddy now, I guess.”

“He.. what? Left with.. Him?” Ryoko blinked. Her mind was quick to make the connection,
but it was still hard to believe. Or maybe not. The girl imagined Cherry and Orochimaru
together… They would make a nice couple…

“Yup. He showed up again after a while and just whisked Cherry away.”

“I see. Well, good for them,” Ryoko finally said and bowed one last time before leaving. She
had a feeling that Tsuki, with his new funds, would not stay here either. Good for both of
them.



━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 26: Taicho

New Year's celebration was upon Konoha. So much happened over the past twelve months…
Ryoko was ready to put it all behind her. Even if Danzo still breathed the same air, she could
live with it. Just to spite the old man, she was determined to do well. To show everyone that
no scum would ever break her…

But before that, a festival had to be attended. Ryoko sensed that her father somehow arranged
for her to be off duty during this day. The girl was left with no excuse. Mikoto chose another
overpriced kimono for her. Ryoko had to admit, though, that silk felt nice on her skin…

She tugged the obi one last time and shoved her folded fans into the crease. Obito’s gift came
in handy when you didn’t want to show that you actually carried weapons. She had yet to use
them to the full potential…

“Mother, I will meet you in the town,” Ryoko said as she was stepping out of the home.

“Don’t be late, darling!” a voice from the back responded, where Mikoto wrangled her little
brother into formal attire.

“Hn.”

The girl walked out of the compound and towards sensei’s home. She would drag him out by
force if needed. The man was seriously getting ridiculous with his paranoia. So what if locals
started to greet him in the streets? Big whoop.

Ryoko was about to knock on his door when it opened. “Oh, sensei! Glad to see you are
ready for the festival,” she chirped looking the man over. Orochimaru was wearing one of his
extravagant kimono. He looked like something from a high-end art tapestry.

“Actually, I will not be joining you thisssss year,” he said casually, closing the door behind
him.

“Ohh?” Ryoko walked beside him in what looked like the village gate's direction. Her lips
curved into a mischievous smile. “I seeeeeee. Where will you celebrate the new year then?”
‘with whom’ was implied.

“Away,” sensei was tightlipped more than usual. “By the way, why arrrrre you avoiding
Hatake boy? He stopped by looking for you a few timessssss,” the bastard hummed, changing
the subject.

“I was busy, hn.”

“So I’ve hearrrrd,” she felt Orochimaru raise an eyebrow at her even without looking at the
man. They finally reached the gates and stopped for a second. “When I return, we will
ressssume your training,” Orochimaru said looking down into her eyes.



“Yes, sensei. Happy New Year!” Ryoko ignored the insinuation that her skills are not up to
his standards and as retaliation, hugged the man right in front of the gate guards and some
shinobi passing by.

He stiffed before relaxing. Orochimaru knew by now, that she would not let go unless he
shows at least some sign of reciprocation. The sannin’s hand hesitantly patted her on the
back.

“Chem,” he cleared his throat. “Happy New Year.”

Oh! And was that a tiny smile on his face? Ryoko had to bite her lip to not let a satisfied grin
out on display. She waved at the man walking away from her.

“Oh, and say hi to Cherry from me!”

“...” Orochimaru’s step faltered. His head snapped back so fast, that she was afraid that he got
whiplash. The grin on her lips was like a Cheshire cat. The sannin closed his eyes and took a
long calming breath. “...the death of me… I ssswear…” she heard him mutter.

“Have fun, sensei,” she chirped with another wave ignoring the daggers coming from the
older man’s eyes. Ryoko was now ready to join her family. Of course, it was a shame that
sensei couldn’t join them, but… Somehow the girl felt that Orochimaru would feel much
better in the small company of his significant other rather than a big crowd of their village.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Off-balance my ass…” Ryoko muttered with colorful curses as she entered the female
ANBU locker rooms. Orochimaru kept to his word and after New Years', their personal
training sessions resumed.

It probably was naive for the girl to think that she could stand like an equal with her sensei
now. Oh, how wrong she was… Sannin didn’t hold back in a fight or after it - berating her
form, skills, and technique. Was it really Ryoko’s fault, that with her maturing body her
center of gravity shifted and she had to lean and move more to dodge attacks?

“Stupid boobs…” she sighed while taking off her shirt. The usual way she did the bandages
worked for everyday missions, but not in a serious fight. So Ryoko desperately tried to figure
a better way… where are sports bras when you need them?

“Aww, let me help you with that, Fox,” Cheetah snickered, taking the bandages from her.

“Hn,” Ryoko pouted but was not in a position to refuse. Cheetah had tremendous ‘talents’ of
her own, so the woman had to know some kunoichi tricks and tips.

“So you should do it like this… for extra support go under... and then over shoulder blades…
the crossing really helps...” her teammate explained.

“Hn,” when it was all done, the girl stretched, jumped in place a couple of times. “Thank you,
Cheetah. I can feel the difference already,” the girl sighed with a small nod.



“No prob. Oh, and if you need to quickly ‘unwrap’ if you know what I mean,” Cheetah
wiggled her eyebrows. “Then just tug here and right there.”

Surprisingly easy the bandages dropped down after the woman's demonstration. “Huh…
convenient,” Ryoko nodded.

“Cheetah! Stop teaching the kid things like that!” another woman dressing beside them
hissed.

“Whaaaat?! Oh please! Remind me again, when did you start fooling around, Falcon?”
Cheetah probably had a point, because the woman didn’t answer and turned away. Her
teammate had a victorious smile on her face.

Meanwhile, Ryoko ignored them in favor of wrapping herself up again. With a little practice,
she will get used to this new method. And as for boys… her piers still looked like children in
her eyes. While men more her mental age regarded her as a child. Very deadly, but a child
nonetheless.

“Fox, one advice, tho,” Cheetah turned to whisper to her.

“Hn?” the girl raised an eyebrow.

“I don’t recommend messing with teammates or even anyone from our ranks actually. We are
all with issues here.”

“Ah, I don’t think that will be an issue for me,” Ryoko tilted her head slightly. “I am pretty
sure I’ll get an arranged marriage,” she casually shrugged. As pragmatic as Ryoko was, a
thing like that did not bother her.

When she was young in the past, Ryoko couldn’t understand how people would allow being
‘sold away’. Then she got older. Meeting new people was getting harder and harder… And
the arranged marriage thing seemed not like a bad idea.

Here, in the shinobi world, belonging to a clan and having a heavily political goal in mind, an
arranged marriage would be a great strategic step. Plus, she would not have to worry about
putting on a mask to trick men into dating her. She might not be ugly, but it wasn’t like boys
ever paid much attention to her in Konoha.

Of course, Ryoko was not aware that the lack of attention was by all means not because of
her cold nature or psychopath tendencies. In fact, boys not only from her clan would send the
girl glances. Some even tried to approach. Yet all was in vain when they would meet eyes
with her constant shadows. It would either be Itachi or one of her cousins. Sometimes even
Kakashi’s glare would turn any looker away.

“What?” Cheetah blinked.

“Clan things,” Ryoko shrugged again, putting her uniform on. “Father hadn’t mentioned
anything about that yet, but he’s probably taking care of my brother first,” Ryoko thought
aloud as she strapped her arm guards over her long gloves.



“Ahh… shit… right, you’re from a clan head family, sometimes I forget,” the woman sighed.
“But how can you be so okay with it? I mean.. That’s just archaic traditions.”

“I don’t mind it. Saves me the hassle. As long as the sucker isn’t weaker than I am I’ll be fine
with it,” Ryoko shrugged again. She considered what options would her father present one
day. Would it be another Uchiha? Or maybe someone from another clan? Or maybe from
another country?

“You’re weird,” Cheetah chuckled. “Oh, by the way, I heard about this supposed
‘Hashirama’s curse’ going around,” the woman’s eyes glimmered with mischief.

“Hn.”

“It’s the weirdest thing, you know. Some rogues started whispering that if you disrespect
Hashirama-sama by committing crime in his name, then you get a divine punishment.”

“Hn.”

“Yeah, they say that a couple of dudes were found with a whole tree grown through them. A
clear Hashirama-sama’s Mokuton sign.”

“How bizarre,” Ryoko said sarcastically.

“Indeed, how bizarre,” Cheetah smirked even wider.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Yo,” Kakashi usually didn’t do things like this. To intentionally approach people in a place
like this? He would never. He knew better. But something pushed the teen to do it. One
minute he was entering the graveyard and the next he stood by a lone figure in front of an
unmarked grave.

“What do you want, Kakashi?”

“Just to pay my respects,” he said, bowing his hands in a traditional manner.

The teen next to him laughed sarcastically. It was a dry and scratchy sound. One filled with
pain and hurt and bitterness. “Bullshit.”

“Hmm. What are you going to do now, Asuma?” Kakashi asked just as the boy next to him
took out a lighter and a cigarette.

“I’m leaving…”

“You don’t have to.”

“But I do…”

“They are giving you the stares, huh?”



“WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU THINK, GENIOUS?” Asuma cursed and the cigarette was
crushed between his fingers.

“That will pass.”

“HA! Yeah, right! I’m a son of a disgraced Hokage. A son of a traitor… it doesn’t matter
what I do…”

“I am too.”

Asuma cursed again as he lit a second cigarette. He exhaled a thick cloud of smoke around
them. “Shit… sorry… I…”

“Hn. I know...” how you feel.

For Kakashi, this was like an out-of-the-body experience. He observed the whole
conversation like a bystander. Any and all feelings tucked away and hidden from the world.

“I need to make a name for myself, Kakashi. I cannot stay in Konoha if I want to do that.”

“Hn.” And he gets him, Kakashi really does. There were many times he wanted to escape the
murmurs and the stares...

Asuma laughed. “Shit, dude, you’re spending too much time with the Uchiha. You’re starting
to sound like them,” the light smile was gone just as fast as it appeared after the mention of
the clan. Kakashi didn’t know what Asuma felt about the sharingan wielders and what his
father did to them. He could only assume that the cacophony of emotions led the teen to his
decision of leaving the village.

Kakashi himself joined ANBU to cope with things. He learned a lot there. Of course, he was
too young to leave the village, unlike Asuma. Maybe if he did, his life would be different
too...

“Yeah, not so much recently…” he responded after a while. That was the truth. Ever since the
Shimura estate incident, Obito was distant and preoccupied in T&I where his mother was
kept. He didn’t really communicate with other Uchiha… except…

Ryoko. She has been thoroughly and annoyingly successfully evading him until now. Kakashi
only wanted to get his sparring partner back… He didn’t really understand what was her issue
with him. It was like a problem for which he had no cause, reason, or solution.

“Kakashi… is the girl that was kidnapped… is she okay?” Asuma asked. The boy had to
wonder why he got this question. Logically, Asuma probably didn’t speak that much with
others with the stigma of being a traitor's son hanging over his head… That’s what Kakashi
would do in his stead - just disappear in the shadows. But Asuma still could have asked
Minato sensei about it…

“She’s a beast. She’s fine… I think,” he finally said. Both sentences true to Kakashi’s
knowledge. Although, if Ryoko indeed was fine, she would not avoid him? Girls… they were



weird. Althouuuuugh, sometimes he was not so sure that the young Uchiha was a girl or a
human for that matter.

“Can you do me a favor?”

“Hmm?”

“Can you make sure she is alright? I mean… it’s just fucked up… I heard she’s just a kid…”

He couldn’t really reveal that this ‘kid’ was a seasoned ANBU, like him. Someone like
Ryoko didn’t need his protection or concern. But Kakashi at least agreed that the whole thing
was fucked up. No matter who you are, betrayal by comrades is no simple matter to bear
alone.

“Alright. I’ll keep an eye on her.”

━━━━━━━━━━

After speaking with Asuma, Kakashi was fired up to finally catch the slippery Uchiha. He
took it as a mission of stealth and intelligence. He was a top tracker for a reason… Just as one
evening he watched Ryoko from a distance, a loud yell made the teen's whole body shutter.

“MY ETERNAL RIVAL!”

Kakashi took his eye from the girl for one second and she was gone! He cursed under his
mask and sighed sidestepping Gai’s attack. “Gai,” he muttered a greeting.

“You are as sharp as ever, my friend!” the green menace laughed and birds chirped that much
louder in the background.

“I am busy, Gai,” Kakashi stood up and turned to leave. Gai casually followed him…
walking on his hands… So embarrassing…

“AWW! I see that the power of youth has bloomed within you, KAKASHI!”

He blinked. He knew he would regret asking, but his mouth opened anyways. “Why would
you think that?”

“The springtime of lust and desire is evident! I am so glad to see you pursuing a girl, my
dearest friend,” Gai was somehow sobbing while still upside down. It almost felt like gravity
laws did not apply to Gai.

“What,” Kakashi deadpanned, stopping dead in his tracks.

“Ryoko-chan! I have observed you following the young blossom!”

Kakashi really wanted to facepalm. Or hit Gai. Either would work, really. “I am not following
her,” he growled.



“That’s quite alright, my rival! I have just the thing to help you with your youthful pursuit,”
Gai jumped back up on his feet and pointed a shimmering thumbs up into the sky.

“Please no…” he whispered, preparing to shunshin away.

“Behold! Icha Icha Paradise! It is written by our own Legendary Toad Sannin Jiraiya!” the
boy now had a little orange book in his hand.

“Jiraiya-sama, huh?” Kakashi glanced at the book with suspicion. But if it was written by a
sannin, maybe he could learn something from it… He was his sensei’s sensei. That had to
count for something…

…

…

…

Kakashi finished the book in a few hours locked away in his apartment. He closed the book
and cursed Gai with the words his tongue never dared to utter before.

“This… this..” he dropped the book aside and looked at it as if the inanimate object
personally assaulted Konoha and the whole Land of Fire. “THIS IS PORN!” he yelled out
frustrated. What help could this be?

Besides the ‘juicy’ segments, it was just a romantic tale. But it did mention a lot of various
techniques in approaching girls… Kakashi cursed once more and picked up the book to read
it over again. He would be damned if he allowed his time to be wasted.

One way or another Kakashi will find a way to use this ‘knowledge’ or in other ways explain
the interest he had in reading the book the second time...

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko leaped over the trees with her team. They were in pursuit of their target. At least that’s
what team Ko thought when suddenly the tables turned and there were shinobi all around
them. A hasty free for all battle began.

It was messy. Their intel turned out to be only half right. Some of their targets appeared to be
jonin rank instead of chunin. Ryoko couldn’t use overly flashy or aggressive techniques with
her team around. So the girl used her fans instead.

Air nature jutsu helped a lot when combined with traditional Katon and fans. Sensei taught
her only basic Air techniques, but it was enough. Like a perfect blazing storm directed at her
prey with surgical precision.

She cut three shinobi down when a chakra spike caught her attention. The girl turned around
just in time to see Wolf stab his opponent, while also being skewed by two other shinobi.



Fuckers!... the girl cursed. As quickly as jutsu allowed, the girl appeared next to her fallen
captain. He was bleeding severely with obvious internal injuries and there were a few
enemies left in all directions.

“VIPER! Watch my back!” she yelled out at her teammate, while Cheetah fell into a feral
rage and went after the scattered enemies.

The girl placed Wolf carefully on the ground on his back. With a kunai, she slashed his shirt
and assessed the injuries. Maybe she could not do the fancy medical ninjutsu, but Ryoko was
no fool. Her medical knowledge was more advanced and practiced on corpses long before
these fools were even born.

Her former father was a surgeon of sorts after all and she learned everything from him.
Ryoko learned not only how to kill efficiently, slowly, or painfully. She learned how to
survive and treat injuries.

When Cheetah crouched beside her, Ryoko knew that enemies were taken care of.

“Taicho?” Viper also appeared next to them. Captain didn’t answer. He was knocked out
completely.

“He won’t make it to Konoha,” Ryoko said as she poked ribs, took his pulse, and listened to
his heart.

“We must follow the protocol…” Viper started, but one look from Ryoko shut the Hyuga up.

“Viper! Find a secluded or secure spot. Cheetah! Secure our mission target,” Ryoko didn’t
falter with her orders. Ain’t no teammate of her coming home in a sealed scroll.

Other shinobi might have not followed Ryoko’s orders, but she was a born leader. Team Ko
worked with the girl long enough to trust her judgment.

In five minutes they settled in a cave. Viper kept watch, while Cheetah assisted her. Ryoko
took out bandages and her sealed medical kit. It was not a standard-issue one. A while back
sensei gifted her a personal set of scalpels. He truly was the best teacher a girl could ask
for…

“I need a straw… or a tube.. or a pen,” Ryoko muttered while mentally going over her
itinerary. Wolf’s lung was filling up with blood. He would drown before bleeding out.

“HERE!” Cheetah produced a pen.

One slash with a scalpel and a stab with an empty pen tube later, the blood slowly trickled out
of the injured lung. Breathing - cleared. Now other vitals could follow.

Ryoko was calm as she performed this field surgery. Her small hands were pretty nimble and
easy to get to the injured parts of Taicho’s body. Sewing things together was not a problem
either, thanks to mothers lessons. Mikoto probably expected her to sew her husband's kimono
and not body parts together.



Proper medicine and antibiotics she lacked. There were countless things that could go wrong.
Infection. Sepsis. Split stitches… Her work will hold for some time, but they needed a proper
hospital.

“Damn, nice stitching,” Cheetah whispered looking at Ryoko’s handiwork.

“Hn. It will have to do until we get back,” she said. Ryoko stood up after packing her tools
and stretched. “Alright, Viper, I will take over guard, you take the captain.”

Hyuga man nodded and picked up Wolf. They would have to hurry. With her sharingan
activated, Ryoko led the way back to Konoha.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Fox, I’ve read your team's report,” the commander said as he laced his fingers together and
rested his chin on top. Usually, follow-up meetings after a mission were rare. Ryoko
wondered what it was about.

Medics said that Taicho would make full recovery. They got back to Konoha just in time.
“Yes, commander.” the girl said.

“You showed good judgment and this is not the first time.”

“Yes, commander,” was that a compliment? Praise? Ryoko’s heart buzzed satisfied. She
didn’t hear praise too often. Her skills usually receive shocked responses or critique in
sensei’s case. Some also were not surprised when she succeeds - Ryoko being a genius
prodigy is expected to do beyond average. So hearing her superior acknowledge her skills
was… nice.

“I’ve watched your progress in our ranks. I think it is time for you to move up,” he finally
said.

“Up?” Ryoko tilted her head slightly.

“Yes. I am promoting you to a team captain. Your team will be assigned in the next two
weeks.”

The girl smirked under her mask. Excellent. Finally, she would be in charge! “Thank you,
commander!” Ryoko bowed before him.

Working with team Ko was just another chapter in her journey. She didn’t have any regrets or
concerns about leaving them behind. This was ANBU and not Konoha’s best friend’s ranks.

Fox Taicho, huh? I like the sound of that… she thought accepting the white cloak from the
commander. Her time to shine has come.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 27: Betrayal
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ryoko was delighted with her promotion and celebrated in her usual way - by eating. She
started with some sweet honey coated dango and then moved to street vendors of fried beef.
They were served in a similar manner as dango - on a skewer. Was she crazy for having
dessert first? Well, to regular people, maybe. For her, the meat was the dessert.

She just settled on a bench nibbling on the second skewer when a shabby dog hesitantly
approached her. She glanced at the pup. It was cute. Sandy fur was dirty and floppy long ears
were in a darker shade of brown.

Ryoko sighed and looked at the meat in her possession. Damn. Her heart slightly clenched at
the homeless pup's appearance. He looked hungry. She has a sweet spot for animals.

“Fine, just one,” the girl smiled and plucked one juicy piece of beef with her gloved hand.
She patiently waited with her hand extended, for the dog to approach. He was hesitant.
Sniffing. Saliva clearly trickled from its mouth.

Finally, he dared to a step closer and quickly snatched the offering. She smiled again. The
meat was gone in a blink. His tail wagged happily and that sight warmed her insides. The
little guy now bravely approached the girl.

“You’re cute,” Ryoko whispered, allowing him to sniff her hand before she dared to pet the
guy. Just as she was about to touch its head, the dog quickly grabbed her hand. Not bite, but
grab. His mouth clearly took hold of her wrist but without teeth. Ryoko’s eyes narrowed.

“Huh, I didn’t expect for this to actually work,” she heard a familiar voice from behind her.
Before Ryoko could whip her head around, said person grabbed her and they were gone in a
puff of smoke.

When the surroundings came into view again, Ryoko tried to leap away, but she was tackled
to the ground. “Bakashi!” she growled sending a punch to the teen's torso.

The boy pinned her down, expertly keeping a hold on her wrists to prevent her from making
any hand signs. She bucked her hips up and they tumbled a few times before Ryoko managed
to get free.

“WHAT THE FUCK?!” she snarled at Kakashi, who casually stood up like he didn’t just
snatch her to, she looked around, training grounds?

“Stop avoiding me then, Koko.”

“Don’t call me that!” she jumped forward enhancing her momentum with chakra. Her fist
was engulfed in flames as she descended an attack on the teen.



They fought for a good hour when finally neither could stand anymore. They laid on the
dusty ground panting heavily with scratches and bruises hidden behind their jonin uniforms.

“Seriously… what the fuck, Kakashi?” Ryoko gasped, catching her breath.

“Why were you avoiding me then?” he said, keeping the shortness of breath hidden better
than her.

Ryoko thought for a moment about saying an excuse, but… this was Kakashi. He was
annoying, yet one of the few people the girl allowed herself to be straight with. She sat on the
ground and glanced at him. “I was not pleased, that you had to… get me… from there,” she
avoided saying the dreaded word ‘rescue’ or ‘save’.

Kakashi lifted his one visible eyebrow in a questioning manner. “So you preferred staying
there?”

“Listen,” she sighed. “I am no damsel in distress. I don’t need any saving. I can take care of
myself.”

“You were injected with drugs and whatnot,” he deadpanned. “Besides, I was just doing my
mission. Trust me, I would not go out of my way to save you,” he shrugged his shoulders.

From what Ryoko heard so far about him, this is exactly what Kakashi would do. He was
notorious for getting his teammates and comrades back home. But nonetheless, the girl was
thankful for the explanation he provided. She nodded. It was an acceptable excuse. She
would take it and they all could be oblivious together about it.

“So, that was one of your ninken I presume?” Ryoko said with the change of the subject
putting the previous matter to rest. Kakashi was easygoing like this. They could rip at each
other's throats one minute and then talk casually the next. No strings or hurt feelings left.

“Mhhhm,” he nodded and on cue, his pack came out of the woods. She noticed now the same
pup was wearing a tinny jacket and a headband. Ryoko bit her lip. Kami, they looked
adorable. “That was Guruko.”

The rest of the evening she spent being formally introduced to Kakashi’s pack. One of the
little dogs even allowed her to touch its soft little paws. She aww’ed audibly.

━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi returned home satisfied with a mission well done. He glanced at the damned book on
his nightstand and reluctantly picked it up.

“I cannot believe that the puppy ruse from page 52 actually worked,” he shook his head and
started to reread Icha Icha maybe for the fifth time. His eyes consumed the text in a whole
new light.

Who would think that a cute animal would work on someone like Ryoko? He thought, surely,
that someone like her would be different from the main heroine of this book. But maybe,
deep deep deep down, Ryoko actually was a girl.



Kakashi snickered. “Yeah… as if.. But…” despite her reputation, sometimes Ryoko did show
signs of a normal human being. And today he noticed something else that usually would have
not crossed his mind.

When he first pinned the girl down, Kakashi was for a second surprised to feel what he felt…
Much like himself, the girl always wore a uniform and left about 90% of her body covered.
Long pants, long sleeve shirt, gloves… So obviously it would be hard to notice unless you
specifically looked for it.

Or if you pressed her down to the ground, like in Kakashi’s case. Yes, he clearly felt her
breasts this time. An obvious proof of her being a girl. Interesting.

This thought aside, he was relieved to have sorted things out with her. It was reassuring to
know that Ryoko would not avoid him anymore. Hopefully.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Can I have seconds, please?” Ryoko extended her empty plate to Mikoto.

“My my, aren’t you cheerful today, darling? Something good happened?” her mother asked
as she piled another portion for Ryoko. The girl gave a half nod.

“Hn. Classified,” she said. Maybe her position as ANBU was known by her family, but inside
rankings were even more classified. She couldn’t openly brag. What a shame.

After dinner, however, Fugaku called her into his study. When the door closed behind her, she
received a warm hug. “Dad..” the girl muttered to the older man’s chest feeling slightly
embarrassed, but also pleased.

“I am very proud of you,” he said, pulling away.

Ah, so he knew… Somehow, he always knew. She had to wonder if maybe the commander
was Fugaku’s buddy or something? “Hn.”

He cleared his throat. “I have something for you.”

The girl's eyes sparkled with hope, which was instantly crushed down by Fugaku’s raised
hand and a stern look. “No! Not a gunbai.”

She pouted crossing arms over her chest. At least, she was pretty sure it won’t be a kimono or
something girly Mikoto most definitely already prepared for her.

The girl watched as Fugaku unsealed a big scroll from a hidden section in his bookshelf.
“This is a Summoning contract passed in the Uchiha clan,” he explained, unraveling the big
and old parchment.

Ryoko didn’t have to be told twice. She had read about it before. Some people made contracts
on their own, some had it passed down inside the clan. As for Uchiha, they had a pact with
cat summons for decades. Yet she didn’t know any of her clansmen who would have cat
summons.



“Hn,” the girl nodded, already plucking a kunai from her weapons pouch. Her eyes looked at
names scribbled on it. There were very few of them. The last one was Kagami Uchiha.
“Shouldn’t Shisui-kun have signed it before me?” Ryoko asked.

“Ah yes, his father was the last one, but Shisui made his own contract with Crows together
with Itachi. You can choose too.”

“No,” Ryoko quickly shook her head. This was her clan's legacy. Another connection to her
roots. “I am honored to sign it,” she nodded and made a slash on her palm.

Just as she finished the last kanji of her name, Ryoko looked up at Fugaku with one of her
rare smiles. “Thank you, father.”

━━━━━━━━━━

After a few days, a knock came on Ryoko’s door. “Yes?”

Itachi stepped inside without making any noise. He was getting really tall. Even his dark hair
waved long below his shoulders. Despite all that, she could still see that her older brother was
calm and relaxed. He almost looked content. As if the burden of being clan heir did not loom
over his shoulders every waking moment.

“Sister.”

“Brother?” Ryoko raised her eyes from the open book on her lap.

“I have a favor to ask,” he said, taking a seat next to her on the bed.

“Hn?” she closed her book and placed it aside. If Itachi came to her for help, he would
always get the utmost undivided attention.

“Hatake-san is your friend, right?”

“Oh yeah, best friend,” her sarcasm was lost on her dear brother. Itachi nodded as if his
suspicion was confirmed. “What about him?”

“Could you bring him to the hospital for me tomorrow?”

Ryoko considered the request for a minute. Her brother obviously implied forcible methods
of persuasion. Taking into account Kakashi’s aversion to hospitals, no other way would
suffice. She smiled. Oh, the teen would definitely hate to be dragged to the hospital. It’s good
that he owed her one kidnapping.

Her thoughts also circled around Madara-sama. Would he have betrayed someone like this?
Surely Kakashi would take it as treachery... Yet, to betray one, they have to be friends, to
begin with.

“Sure, you have my word, ‘tachi,” Ryoko nodded, her face representing calm seriousness.
She didn’t need to know why Itachi needed Kakashi, or why he asked her, or why she agreed.
The only thing on her mind was cold and sweet revenge.



“You know, you could ask a favor in return, Koko,” Itachi smirked.

Ryoko hummed as she rested her head on his shoulder. “A favor from you, brother? It feels
like you already have something in mind.”

Indeed, Itachi usually wouldn’t waste words unless there was something deeper behind it.
Also, Ryoko knew that she could ask him any time for anything. So if he suggested a favor,
he already had something in mind.

“Hn,” Itachi only whispered as his hand draped over her shoulders for a very sweet side hug.
Especially with Sasuke around, she noticed that both of her brothers liked to cuddle. Ryoko
denied that she had the same urges, even though the girl scooted closer to her brother's side
and her hands wrapped around the boy’s torso.

“So, tell me,” she poked his ribs.

“I want to teach you the basics of medical ninjutsu.”

“I know the basics,” Ryoko pouted. He really didn’t have to remind her of the absolute
abysmal level of her medical ninjutsu. She knew all the theory in and out, but practical use
was like trying to untangle shinobi wire. She would rather burn it to a crisp.

“I want to teach you jutsu that you could use in the field.”

“Sensei said that I would fry the injured person rather than heal them,” the girl's pout
intensified.

“Oh, you don’t trust me, Koko?”

The damn… sly… bastard! She puffed out air and shook her head slightly. Of course, she
trusted Itachi. The thought of failure was not inviting, but for him, Ryoko would at least try.

“Alright… I will try your way. But why did you come up with this idea?”

“I healed your captain after your last mission,” he said while brushing Ryoko’s long and
puffy hair. Next to him, one would think that Ryoko was shocked by an electric current with
how their hair was similar yet different from the other.

“Ah. Right… I said I knew the basics,” Ryoko smirked.

“Yes, your basics are extremely good. With the addition of chakra, you could do much more.
And I know you have it in you, Koko. You have the control, the only thing you need to
moderate is the amount of chakra you use. And…”

“And?”

“I will be less worried if I know that you can heal at least a little bit... I still think you should
transfer from the shadow ranks…” Itachi spoke with deep emotions coloring his tone. It was
sadness and care and love. She hugged him that much tighter.



Maybe after you become the clan head and they cannot shove you into ANBU… Ryoko
thought to herself, but said nothing.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko watched from a distance as Gai raced with Kakashi down the street. Their goal was
the top of the Hokage mountain. And if Ryoko suggested this race, Gai didn't share that
information with Kakashi. She took a shortcut and made it there before either of the boys.
She casually perched on the rail. A true image of innocence.

In less than a minute two blurs emerged in the distance. They were moving fast to the
presumed finish line. The girl didn’t see who won nor did she care. Ryoko just casually
approached the two teens while they tried to catch their breaths.

“Oh! Beautiful maiden! What a pleasure to see you this youthful morning!” Gai shot her
thumbs up with a wink and a brilliant smile.

“Hn,” was Ryoko’s full response as she got closer to Kakashi instead. Unceremoniously the
girl reached to his neck. “Oh, there’s something…” she said eyes narrowed as if implying
that something actually was on Kakashi’s shoulder.

“Huh?” he mumbled and tilted his head slightly to where her hand was reaching. The poor
boy let his guard down and it was now too late. Ryoko’s hand passed his shoulder and nipped
Kakashi into the pressure point that instantly knocked him out.

“MY RIVAL!” Gai exclaimed with the concern anyone would envy.

She had to use chakra to get the bigger boy on her shoulder. Kakashi despite being lean, was
surprisingly heavy. “Fatass,” she sighed standing up with her prey. Ryoko didn’t stay to
explain anything to Gai. With a free hand, she only sent a wave in his direction. “See ya.”

Ryoko jumped off the cliff and darted towards the Konoha Hospital. Honestly, jumping off
tall places was one of her favorite things to do in the shinobi world. The thrill and wind felt
exhilarating. It made her feel alive and free.

In a high mood, she reached her destination only with a couple of shinobi sending her odd
looks. Ryoko ignored them and jumped through the open window, where Itachi already
waited for her. A little gray-haired boy was also there. He looked slightly older.

“Kabuto-kun,” she nodded at him. A light dusting of pink colored the boy's cheeks. Ryoko
already turned away to place Kakashi on the hospital bed. “One elusive and hospital avoiding
Hatake up,” she reported to Itachi. The girl turned to leave the same way she came in, but
little brat stood between her and the window that was now closed.

“You have avoided your physical too, Koko,” she heard Itachi’s voice from behind. He
sounded like he was smiling and plotting a genocide all at once. WELL FUCK ME! the girl
cursed in her mind, desperately looking for a suitable escape.



She was like a little mouse caught in the mastermind's plot. Itachi arranged this all along! The
genius decided to catch two birds with one of the birds' help and she fell for it!

“Now, now, let’s not make anything we would regret…” she raised her hands in a pretend
defensive stance. Ryoko’s best chance would be going over Kabuto. That’s what she did.
Quickly the girl darted beside the younger boy towards the window.

One tap. A single tap to her shoulder had Ryoko knocked out. She fell back to Itachi’s
waiting arms. Hah, looks like both siblings had the same idea of how to neutralize resisting
targets.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko found it the hard way, about her brother's stellar track record in getting shinobi into
the hospital for a check-up. No one was safe from the genius Uchiha. Even ANBU. It
appeared that Itachi was recently promoted as the head medic for the shadow ranks. And he
was having none of their usual avoidance of the hospital.

Well, except kunoichi. They had no trouble in coming to see the young and handsome Itachi-
sama. Ryoko shivered when she first heard one of the brauds approach her older brother.

“Taicho, we’re done,” a voice of her new underling brought Ryoko from her reliving the
events at the hospital.

“Sleep is for completed missions! Now do another hundred,” she ordered the three agents.
Two of them managed to suppress a whine, while the last one let it slip.

Ryoko has been training this bunch for the second day now. Their skills were already listed
on paper, but only plain and honest work would show their true stamina, character, and
versatility.

Lynx, Cobra, and Panda were her new team. Team Shi.

Lynx was a tall and slender male with amazing camouflage and stealth skills. He had pale
blond hair brushed back and sculptured bone structure. He was almost cute if not for the
annoying talent of his to stay unnoticed and invisible. Even Ryoko sometimes would have to
do a double-take to make sure he is still there.

Cobra was an average-looking male with (obviously) deep knowledge about poisons. He was
loud and vocal especially when annoyed, but nothing she couldn’t handle. On one occasion
she spotted fangs in his mouth… Interesting. Her sensei would surely be intrigued by him...

Panda was the shortest and youngest-looking boy with an unorthodox level of stamina and
speed. Despite his build, the boy easily outmatched all of them in strength exercises. He also
specialized in taijutsu. Ryoko wondered if it would be a good idea to introduce Panda to Gai.
Or worse - maybe they already knew each other.

Initially, all three men looked skeptical at the little girl assigned to them. They at least were
professional enough to follow her commands. And after a couple of missions, one field



interrogation session, and a gang slaughter their doubts vanished.

Ryoko was not there to play games. She didn't flinch or stutter ordering men twice her age
around. She didn't hesitate to cut enemies down. She didn’t show weakness in getting the
information they needed from a target. She was ruthless but fair.

They also witnessed how her genjutsu made a grown yakuza sob. Respect had to be earned
and she wasted no time to do it.

ANBU missions were fun as always, so when she was summoned to Hokage Tower as a
jonin, Ryoko slightly frowned. A regular mission was bound to be boring… Or maybe not,
she thought, stepping inside the big hall where all active jonin apparently gathered for the
same call.

“Chem,” Minato cleared his throat stepping in front of them all. Silence quickly engulfed the
room. “In two weeks we will have a delegation from Kumogakure arriving to settle a peace
treaty,” the blond announced.

Ryoko instantly perked up. Kumo, huh? Her old friends. A smile stretched her lips. This will
definitely be a fun affair. Oh, how she hoped that Raikage himself would be there.

“You will all be assigned temporary teams to watch over our guests. I hope there will be no
incidents,” and if Minato’s eyes momentarily darted towards Ryoko, she ignored it.

Right after the assembly, the girl practically ran to Nara compound. She caught her breath by
the gates and only then stepped inside. Face void of any excitement.

“Ryoko-chan, what brings you here?” Nara matriarch greeted her.

“Is Shikaku-sama here?” Ryoko asked.

“Oh yes, in the garden. Go on ahead, we haven’t seen you in a while, he will be glad to play a
game with you,” the woman smiled kindly.

She nodded and went through the familiar home straight to the garden. Just as expected,
Shikaku was sipping sake with a shogi board in front of him.

“Hey there, kid,” he winked at Ryoko. She hated when he did that… The scars on his face
would crinkle, the half-smile would tease his lips. The man was rather cute when he did that.
Focus! she told herself, taking a seat in front of him.

They started to play a game as usual. He frowned after a good half an hour and gave the girl a
suspicious look. “I’m not betting with you again, I see what you’re doing,” he commented.

Ryoko smirked. So her tactics wouldn’t work a second time? A shame. “I would like to ask a
favor,” she came out and said it straight.

“Listening,” he sighed after gulping a good amount of sake.

“Please assign me to the team greeting the Kumo envoy.”



“You wanna be their chaperone?” he raised an eyebrow.

“Hn.”

“Why?”

“Old friends, we have a lot to catch up,” the smile on her face was serene and oh so eerie.

“Riiiight,” he wasn’t buying whatever Ryoko was selling. She obviously didn’t try too hard
either. The man was smart enough to figure things out either way. “You do understand that
the goal of their visit is peace?”

“Oh yes. And I will make sure to remind them that. You know, bad things happen when there
is no peace.”

“Bad things?”

“Mhm, like explosions and such,” she looked up at the sky recalling the clouds illuminated
by the fire she caused in Kumo.

The man let an exhausted sigh and rubbed the bridge of his nose. He looked tired, so more or
less nothing out of the ordinary. “Fine, make sure I don’t regret my decision,” he finally said.

Ryoko jumped up with excitement and took a chance to hug the man in gratitude. Or maybe
she just wanted to inhale his scent from close up. Who could tell?

“Thank you, old man!”

“Yeah yeah, now take the game seriously,” he ruffled the girl's hair with that big and strong
hand of his… Ryoko nodded suppressing the heat that threatened to go to her cheeks.

It wasn’t always like this. Probably spending hours with the man alone in the garden did have
its effect on the girl. She was an adult woman mentally and this was somewhat romantic.
Mostly because of how forbidden it was.

Ryoko could only sigh back in her room with longing. Nobody would understand her interest
in older men when she looks like a kid. True torture. Speaking of torture… her mind leisurely
drifted imagining how shadows could be used in far more intimate matters…

“Yoshino Nara is a lucky woman,” Ryoko whispered with a frown into the darkness.

━━━━━━━━━━

Two weeks came and went and Ryoko now stood with a few other jonin by Konoha gates.
She had a delighted smile on her face that disturbed her colleagues greatly. Unlike the last
time she met Kumo nin, Ryoko was properly dressed, with her Uchiha crest visible on her
sleeve.

“Stop smiling, you’re creeping me out,” Kakashi whispered to her ear.



“Can’t help it! I’m excited!” Ryoko chirped without taking her eyes from the horizon.

“What for? Babysitting missions are not really your thing,” he poked at the girl's ribs but got
no response.

“Oh, I just really hope Raikage will come," finally Ryoko whispered.

“Raikage? You a fan or something?”

“Or something.”

“Wait, did you meet Raikage that time… when you were..?” Kakashi quickly put two and
two together. Her nod only confirmed his suspicion.

“Yup. You could say we got pretty close,” there was a dangerous and maniacal glint to her
words that only Kakashi heard. He barely suppressed a shiver.

“Kage don’t get close to prisoners,” he hissed barely audibly. There really was no need for
other jonins to hear their conversation.

“Well, maybe not with male prisoners…” Ryoko felt herself in a cryptic mood today and
spared the boy any more details. He was smart enough to get it on his own. And apparently,
he did as the next moment Kakashi grabbed her wrist and tugged the girl to the side from
anyone’s earshot.

“Are you telling me that…?”

“Relaaax. He didn’t get that far. He just skipped the first base straight to the second,” the girl
shrugged, attempting to return to her previous spot in front of the gates. Kakashi’s iron grip
prevented the action.

“What do you mean just?” was he suddenly deaf? Ryoko gave him a deadpan stare.

“He didn’t kiss me on the lips and just groped a bit.”

“A bit?”

“Kami, Kakashi, clean your ears for once and stop repeating me,” Ryoko rolled her eyes, not
seeing what was his problem.

“What. The. Fuck. How did they allow you to be in this team after that?”

“Shikaku adores me,” yes, Ryoko showed her tongue to the teen. “Besides, it’s not like he
managed to rape me or anything. I am pretty sure other guards might have touched me too
when they undressed me,” she considered that statement for a moment. That was very likely,
but because of the drugs she really didn’t remember.

Kakashi leaned close to her face and his single visible eye stared right at her own eye not
hidden by the dark fringe. “How can you talk so casually about it?”



“Mmm, because capture and rape are covered in the Academy curriculum for kunoichi?” she
said like it was the most obvious thing.

“And… you’re just gonna face the man that assaulted you? Without killing them?” he blinked
stunned.

“Jup!” Ryoko chirped in response. Looks like his thick skull was finally getting it. “I can’t
wait to see their faces! You know, I blasted a good part of Kumo when I escaped. I wonder if
they already rebuild everything...” she thought to herself.

Kakashi finally let her arm go and walked away shaking his head. She didn’t understand why
he was so surprised or moved. What did he expect that happened to prisoners? Tea and
breakfast? Yeah, no. Even in her past life war and jails treated inmates the same way. It was
human nature. Or more like man nature.

After another half an hour the envoy finally arrived. She didn’t recognize faces, but one of
them openly stared at her. His eyes darted from her face to her uniform and then to her
Uchiha crest. That’s right buddy. Drink it in. You messed with the wrong shinobi! the girl
cackled in her mind.

Unfortunately, the Raikage was not there, but she would take what she could. One was
enough. From the introductions, she finally recognized the man. His voice. It was the same
voice that questioned her in the darkness. He had a great time pulling her hair then.

“Ryoko Uchiha,” she introduced along with others of the chaperoning team. The man stared
at her even more. His lips were pursed with great force. She would love to hear what he had
to say, maybe later such an opportunity will arise.

With their ‘guards’ the envoy moved to the guest lodging close to the Hokage Tower. After a
break, they were escorted to the meeting with Hokage. So far everything went well. She was
like a very annoying shadow to that one man. Wherever he turned, wherever he looked -
Ryoko was there. Smiling without blinking. Taunting him to do something.

“Why are you targeting him?” Kakashi whispered again to her ear as they stood watching
over the logging in the evening.

“I recognized him. From interrogation, if you could even call it that,” she scoffed. They
barely even tried to pry information from her. “I would say he kicks pretty gently compared
to you,” Ryoko added after another thought.

“He kicked you?”

“Mhm. He loves pulling by the hair too. Nothing unusual,” she shrugged.

“Does Hokage know?”

“Hn. I would think he should have recognized the voice too. Minato-sama did mindwalk my
memories of that time.”

“So what is your plan?”



“My plan?” she glanced dubiously at Kakashi.

“Yes, you’re plan. I doubt you just gonna stare at him and that’s all,” aww, he was so naive
and simplistic.

“Yes, that’s exactly what I am going to do. But he doesn’t know that. Even you thought I
would plan something. So imagine yourself in his shoes. Scared of every shadow, every
movement. Behind every corner, revenge could be waiting. It’s the perfect mental torture!”

“You’re fucked up!” he said

Ryoko only smiled happily. “Yup. Otherwise, my plan would have been far more…
engaging,” she considered when a slight movement caught her trained eye. Quickly she
pushed Kakashi aside and her red eyes looked around. She caught a glimpse of a shadow
ducking in an alley.

“Continue watching the house,” she said before jumping away in pursuit. The girl could only
hope that the idiot man had a brilliant idea of doing something stupid.

She kept her distance, but sensing unfamiliar chakra helped to not lose the trail. Interesting.
Ryoko stopped just by the Hyuga compound wall. If she was right, the target slipped inside.

Well, this was truly the most stupid thing a man could do. Even the menace that was
Hokage’s son, didn’t dare to make pranks on this clan. Most of the time… After another
moment of hesitation, Ryoko finally dared to jump over the wall.

The girl decided to ask forgiveness later, not when there was a chance of a threat to her
village and its people. Ryoko looked around, keeping to the shadows. It didn’t help that she
hadn’t been to the Hyuga compound before.

Movement caught her attention after maybe five minutes of wandering around. She spotted a
dark figure making a dash towards the wall. He had a little lump under his arm. The lump
moved.

Seriously? Ryoko thought as she made her way towards the target. “Shit,” she muttered under
her breath when her senses picked up on another presence. This could go bad really fast. The
girl had to act first.

Ryoko shunshinned and appeared right in front of the target, making him stop in his tracks,
while Hiashi stepped from the shadows behind her. She didn’t wait for introductions or for
the clan head to do what he was about to do. Ryoko's sharingan placed the man under intense
genjutsu. As he fell, she caught the limp child from his hold.

She didn't put him to sleep like usual. She didn't use a normal torture method either. Some
people say, that the best genjutsu have something real in them. Something that you feel
strongly about. Ryoko chose her memory from Kumo prison. The man now was placed in her
stead and was actively fondled and assaulted by his own Raikage. Deliciously brilliant
revenge.



Thud. Very anticlimactic, yet efficient. Ryoko allowed herself to breathe again and
straightened up. She turned to Hiashi and gave him back his child. “Hiashi-sama,” the girl
bowed politely. To be fair, the clan head held himself stoically just as you would expect from
a Hyuga. Another man would have lost his temper by now.

“Why did you interfere?” the man asked in a low tone.

“Trust me, Hiashi-sama, you don’t want that scums blood on your hands,” she leaned to the
fallen man and tugged the mask down. Yup, just as she suspected, it was the same man from
Kumo.

“Head Ninja of Kumogakure,” Hiashi whispered, his mind quickly donned with an
understanding of the political implications here.

“Hiashi-sama, I will report you as a witness to this attack. As you can see, the enemy is
subdued and alive, I will make sure he stays that way to receive a full trial for his actions,”
the man's byakugan was active and he nodded in agreement. Such betrayal to their fragile
peace offering is a low blow.

Konoha should be grateful that Ryoko knew how to compartmentalize her personal issues
from what is best for the village. Otherwise, the man would be dead. Now at most, he will be
mentally scarred. She could only hope.

Ryoko flared her chakra in ANBU code and a minute later a squad appeared. This was bound
to be a long night. She didn’t envy Minato right now. If Madara-sama were the Hokage,
Konoha would go to war with Kumo. With Minato, it was a fifty-fifty chance. Ryoko could
only guess what she would do as a Hokage in this situation.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Apologies for the wait on this chapter! I spend my whole weekend contemplating on
KakaRyo development and oh boy am I excited! I have a lot planned ^^



Chapter 28: Business as Usual

Ryoko watched from a one-way mirror as the man from Kumo was strapped to a chair in the
T&I basement. Next to her stood a tall man with a bandana and a long black leather coat. He
looked young even with the scars all across his face.

“Hokage-sama!” they both greeted the blond who appeared from thin air next to them. There
was no trace of sleep in their leader’s face, despite it being the middle of the night.

“What happened?” Minato turned to them after sparing a long glance at the Kumo nin.

“During watch over our guests I noticed a shadowy figure ducking away from the loggings,”
Ryoko spoke. “I follow the target into the Hyuga compound. After a while, I spotted him
again carrying a child. It was Hinata Hyuga.”

Minato’s eyes widened as his lips pursed into a thin line. Ryoko continued with her report.
“Before Hiashi-sama intervened, I incapacitated the target so we could get the full story
instead of an autopsy.”

“Good job, Ryoko,” Hokage exhaled and thankfully didn’t use ‘chan’ while in front of her
comrades. That would be rather… demeaning.

Shinobi who strapped the target in the cell stepped outside and cleared his throat. “Hokage-
sama, the target is secured for the interrogation…”

“What is it?” Ryoko also noticed how the shinobi averted his eyes with hesitation, but Minato
was the one that raised the question.

“He’s still under Uchiha-sama’s genjutsu and… he has… raised a salute,” he coughed while
the poor boy’s cheeks colored red.

Ryoko knew she heard him right. Together with Minato and the other teen beside her, their
eyes turned back to the cell. Indeed, their guest was clearly excited.

“Ryoko… What genjutsu was that?” Minato slowly asked as if dreading to hear the answer.

“Huh… well what do you know… I would have never expected him to have a kink like that,”
she tilted her head slightly musing over this situation.

“Ryoko, please answer,” Minato asked again, rubbing at his temples.

“Hn. It’s nothing special. Just a flashback to Kumo-style interrogations, I assumed he would
feel right at home. Looks like I was right,” she smirked. Now no one would accuse them of
treating their prisoners badly.

“What exact part would that be?”



“Hokage-sama, do you remember that part with Raikage-sama?” she didn’t have to elaborate
any further. The blond whined and closed his eyes. The teen next to her was listening with
interest and contemplation. He seemed curious.

“Yes, I remember. You can release the genjutsu now,” he ordered entering the cell. Ryoko
followed. When inside her eyes lit red and genjutsu was dispersed. The poor man looked
dazed but quickly snapped into reality.

His beady eyes glanced at Minato and then stopped at her. Rage twisted his face. “YOU,
BITCH! I should have taken YOUR eyes!”

“Shoulda, coulda, woulda,” Ryoko crossed her arms under her chest (crossing over her chest
was no longer comfortable).

The man started to giggle that led to a full-blown maniacal laugh. “Oh, you just wait! I will
get my hands on you again… Next time I won’t be so gentle, you whor…” the man didn’t get
to finish that thought as he received a fist to his face from Hokage himself.

“Ryoko. Please. Wait. Outside,” Minato said slowly. She exhaled but obeyed the command
without verbal protest.

“Do you know him?” the teen asked as she joined him behind the glass.

“Hn. One of the scum who ‘interrogated’ me in Kumo.”

“I am Ibiki Morino, by the way.”

“Ryoko Uchiha.”

“Lady Uchiha, huh? Or should I call you hime-sama?” the teen smirked at her playfully.
Well, as it was only the two of them there, she didn’t hesitate and punched him in the bicep.

“Who gave you such preposterous ideas?” Ryoko would not be upset if the respectful
moniker would have been used with actual ‘respect’ and not to tease her. She pouted.

“Obito is a close friend by now,” Ibiki shrugged.

“Ah. Hn,” that made sense. For months Obito was here. And now he visited T&I for his
mother. It was only natural for a ray of sunshine like Obito to make friends.

“So, what are the interrogation methods in Kumo?”

“The usual. Plus the esteemed Raikage’s rape sessions.”

“...”

“...”

“You know… I can let you have a go at the scum when Hokage-sama is done with his
interrogation,” Ibiki suggested casually. Ah, the man of culture like herself. She giggled.



“Thank you, but I’m good. I did blast a bit of Kumo when I bailed. Don’t want to waste any
more of my energy on the likes of them.”

“So I’ve heard,” he also laughed and then gave her a little black book he pulled out of his
coat pocket. “Page 36.”

She noticed a title on the first page, that said ‘Bingo Book: Kumogakure’. As Ryoko
skimmed to the right page, she was greeted with a drawing of her own face. “Enemy-nin.
Wanted for Level 3 village destruction. Attack on Raikage-sama. Escape from Kumogakure
prison,” she read aloud. “Hn. Sounds about right.”

With her nod of approval, she gave the book back.

“Ten million RYO is a hefty bounty on your head. You sure pissed the Raikage off,” the boy
snickered. She only shrugged, crossing her arms again under her chest.

“Iwa set more.”

The boy’s face scrunched. He picked another book from his coat and started listing its pages.
“I don’t see you here.”

“Good, that’s how it should be,” she lightly teased.

“Which one are you?” Ibiki demanded shoving the book into her, Ryoko didn’t take it.

“Who knows? Maybe one day, you’ll figure it out,” Ryoko smirked right back at the teen. He
was fun to tease. A fellow psychopath just like her. She could tell.

Later that night, she ended up playing cards with Ibiki, while they waited for Minato to finish
up. The blond was too gentle in her opinion. Ryoko got to go home early the next morning.
Her bed was practically calling her name, but before she even reached her room, father
blocked her way in the hall.

“Ryoko, you got a letter. From Hyuga clan head,” he handed her a scroll with a very delicate
seal on it. Even paper looked expensive. It probably was soft too, but she couldn’t feel it just
yet over the gloves.

“Hn.”

“Something I should know?”

“Hmm… we are invited to dinner with Hyuga…” she answered after reading the letter. Word
dinner instantly made her stomach turn. The girl had to make a hard decision between her
eternal lovers - sleep or food.

“Ryoko. Why is the head of the Hyuga clan inviting us to dinner via you?” her father pushed.
Cordial dinners were not that uncommon, but usually, clan heads spoke to each other about it.
So yes, maybe this was a bit odd.



“Hn. It’s classified?” she offered. A major plus of being a shinobi is that you could say this
single word and there would be no more questions asked.

“Hn.”

“Love you too, father,” she yawned passing him by. Sleep won and her bed was still calling
her name. Ryoko needed her ‘day off’.

━━━━━━━━━━

A couple of months passed when Ryoko was again called to the Hokage Tower. This time,
there was no commotion or big gathering. The whole Kumo scandal somehow blew over
without a war.

She didn’t know how Minato managed to persuade Hyuga from taking action, but he did.
Maybe dealing with her own clan and her sensei taught the man useful tactics? She could
only guess. In the end, as far as Ryoko heard, the peace was kept and Konoha got some extra
bonuses to their contract. Boring, but politically the best outcome.

“Hokage-sama,” she bowed before Minato after stepping inside his office. Kakashi was
already there. The idiot gave her a cheeky eye crinkle smile. Ryoko’s eyes narrowed.

Since the hospital incident, Kakashi made it his mission to mess with her. The girl would
have not expected him to be so petty. A few times he personally dragged her to the hospital
either after their spars or when she got back from an ANBU mission. It almost looked like he
made friends with Itachi over this…

This other time he sacrificed Ryoko to Gai. Bakashi literally pushed her into the green
menace with a proclamation that she wanted to challenge Gai and considered him a rival.
Safe to say that Gai cried and thanked Kami for having not one, but two eternal rivals now.

So obviously, this time in the Hokage’s office, she looked at the bastard with suspicion.

“Ah, Ryoko-chan. Good, I have a special mission for you two,” Minato said as his face
turned serious. Both she and Kakashi straightened up right away. Jokes aside, they were still
professional and dedicated shinobi.

“Yes, Hokage-sama,” they both said in sync.

“You were picked, because… well, of your age. We received intel about a gang of children
causing trouble in the north of the Land of Fire. The daimyo requested our help to find out
the gang's goals and take them out.”

Usually, Ryoko cursed her young age and looks, but missions like this were a blessing.
Nobody ever suspected a little girl like her to be a high-ranking shinobi. Plus, naturally being
young saved her from using genjutsu or other deception techniques that can be tracked and
noticed.

“Emm, Hokage-sama, with all due respect, I can do this mission alone,” Kakashi instantly
protested with none of his cheeriness in sight. Even if Ryoko agreed with the statement, she



was just feeling a tad salty today.

“Maaa, Kakashi-kun, I think it would be fun,” she chirped.

“Then it’s decided!” Minato clapped his hands and gave the mission scroll. “Kakashi, you’ll
be taking lead on this. Your scope is to infiltrate and report back. The backup team will take
care of the rest based on your intel.”

“Yes, Hokage-sama,” they both bowed and left.

In hindsight, maybe it would have been wiser to agree with Kakashi, but it was too late now.
Ryoko sighed as she dyed her hair light brown. No transformations meant regular means of
deception. Kakashi too dyed his silver locs.

In a few hours, they left the village with a cover story decided. They were to be wandering
brother and sister looking for work. Their clothing was shabby and trusty kunai were
replaced with a single knife.

“No chakra use,” Kakashi reminded her as they entered the village with the most recent
sighting of the gang.

“Hn.”

They walked for a while. Stole some food not at all discreetly. As the sun was setting, they
took shelter with other homeless under a bridge.

Ryoko shivered. Damn chakra gag. Without it, she couldn’t keep herself warm.

“Here,” a stranger leaned towards her, extending a cup of some warm liquid in it. He had a
kind smile and pale green eyes that kept eye contact, despite her appearance. To clarify, yes,
Ryoko looked young, like a child, but her breasts were far more obvious when not hidden
under ANBU chest plates or Jonin vest. Other homeless already stared enough to make this
stranger stand out.

“Ah,” she hesitated, but the steam coming from the cup looked inviting. The boy gave her an
understanding smile and took a sip himself before extending the offering again.

She smiled and took it. Before she could even put the cup to her lips, Kakashi took it from
her and sipped instead. And this was the first time she had seen him drink without a mask.
When they got ready, back in Konoha, and Kakashi showed up without it, he looked
expectant. As if Ryoko was supposed to be shocked or faint after seeing his face. She didn’t
even blink.

“It was not for you,” the stranger glared at Kakashi.

“She’s with me,” the teen replied and then gave the cup to Ryoko after the taste test revealed
no poison or other things.

“I see. Would you two like to join us by the fire?” the stranger offered.



She shared a shy look with Kakashi. A weak and pathetic act was her cover. Just your typical
cliche female. Easy to fake and maintain and fool others. Kakashi finally nodded.

As they walked, Ryoko made sure to stumble, earning another endearing smile from the
stranger. As they sat on a log by the fire, she spotted that the group was consisting only of
children. A few looked more Kakashi’s age, but others were barely ten she guessed.

“Where are you headed?” the stranger asked, taking a seat next to Ryoko.

“Mm.. to the border..” Ryoko whispered with her eyes downcast. Her shoulders shivered
naturally after a chilly gust of wind. The boy beside her was about to drape his arm around
her when Kakashi did it instead. His grip was tight as he pressed Ryoko close to his side.

She played the role well, nuzzling her face into his chest, hand clutching at Kakashi’s pants.
Ryoko was also thankful for the natural heat the teen exuded. He was warmer than the fire in
front of them.

The stranger’s hand dropped after his attempt was denied, but he kept up the kind smile. She
was starting to think that it was very well faked. “My name is Kato,” he introduced.

“Bac,” Kakashi said.

“And what’s your name?” Kato asked leaning as close to Ryoko as he could without being in
Kakashi’s face.

“Mi-misa,” she whispered making the slightest eye contact. Quickly, her eyes were averted
with all the possible innocents a girl could muster. Secretly, she was rather enjoying the
sensual hug with Kakashi. It reminded her of Itachi...

Overall, the evening went well. They learned that indeed, these children were part of the
gang. Kakashi played his overprotective role well and denied any offerings of help. That is
until Kato pushed with the dirty line “Ah, but Miso-chan looks exhausted, you should at least
take a break for her sake,” his smile was kind, but the glint in green eyes spoke of a scheme.

It wasn’t hard to tell that Kakashi/ Bac would yield if it was for Ryoko’s/Misas’s sake. After a
few hours of back and forth, Kakashi finally obliged. That is how they ended up in the gangs
camp.

They studied the group for a few days. There was a clear hierarchy and Kato was up in the
‘ranks’. He appeared to be their recruiter. They had yet to meet the leader.

Another day passed. Kakashi was invited to go with some older boys to do a ‘job’. Keyword
for robbery. While Ryoko mingled in the camp. She carefully spun their tale of abused
orphans that ran away in search of a better life.

After a few more jobs, they were told that finally, tonight, they would meet the leader. Kato
took the pair to a shabby bar. It was full of all kinds of rogues so nobody paid attention to
their age or looks.



“Boss, this is the two I spoke about. Bac and Misa-chan,” the boy introduced them to a guy
sitting in the back. Their leader looked also Kakashi’s age. He was blond and lean, but Ryoko
didn’t believe he was a weakling.

“Nice to meet you two. I am Ranga,” the teen said, extending his hand to Kakashi. He shook
it. Then Ranga turned to Ryoko and opened his arms for a hug. She visibly hesitated averting
her eyes to the side. Kato gently pushed her forward right into Ranga’s arms.

As innocent as the hug might seem, Ryoko understood what it was. The teen took this
moment to feel her up and she allowed it, by pressing her full chest to his. When he finally
pulled away, Ranga looked pleased. She forced a blush to her cheeks.

They sat by the leader's table and talked for a while sharing their life story. They were offered
a few drinks. Ryoko barely sipped hers. Alcohol always affected her more than drugs, so she
took it slow. Often faking a sip instead of actually swallowing it.

After a few hours, Ranga stood up to get another bottle for the table. When he returned, he
not so discretely took a seat next to her. The teen took his chance draping a hand over her
waist. The thin material of her shirt allowed her to clearly feel the grabby fingers making
soothing circles on her. “Your sister is very cute,” Ranga snickered after she blushed.

To everyone's surprise, even Ryoko’s, Kakashi tugged her back to his side, effectively
making Ranga’s hand drop. “She’s not my sister,” he said pointedly.

“Oh, I see,” the teen smirked casually. His eyes glittered with a familiar glint. Ryoko had
seen it before. It was the same look Gai had when he saw a challenge.

If it were anyone else, they might falter with such a shift to their cover story, but Ryoko was a
professional. She looked down, faking her shyness.

Before anyone else could comment, another pair of boys from the gang entered the bar. They
made some kind of gesture/ signal to Ranga, making the leader and Kato stand up. “If you
excuse us for a moment,” he said before leaving.

“What the fuck, baka,” she hissed to Kakashi’s chest, making sure her lips could not be read
from afar. Kakashi on his part, nuzzled his face into her now brown hair.

“My lead, my decisions. I have a feeling they will try to split us up again. Will you be fine
with Ranga?”

“Hn,” she not so gently punched the teen to his gut. It might look gentle, but it wasn’t. She
heard a tiny wince, even if Kakashi’s facial expression didn’t change. “Don’t patronize me. I
just need to steer clear of alcohol.”

“Hmm,” he hummed just as Kato with Ranga returned.

“Looks like we have an urgent job. Bac, we’ll need your nimble fingers on this one,” Kato
said as Ranga sat back to his previous spot.

“Yeah, sure,” he stood up with Ryoko.



“Oh don’t worry, I’ll take Misa-chan back to the camp,” Ranga smiled. Kakashi clearly faked
suppressing a frown. She knew what he was doing. All the boys loved to mark their territory,
and the type Ranga was, he was bound to want things that did not belong to him.

“It’s fine, Bac-kun,” she whispered. Kato had the most innocent and fake smile she had yet to
see on him. Kakashi was right with his earlier assumption.

What happened next, once more, Ryoko did not expect. Kakashi tugged her closer and leaned
in. Their lips touched. Completely shocked and out of her element, Ryoko parted her lips
from instinct alone. She felt his tongue slide in.

The noises of the bar faded as she froze in place from the sensation. Quickly she understood
what Kakashi's intention was. As their tongues touched, she felt a pill being forced into her
mouth.

Anti-alcohol measures. When he finally pulled away, she visibly gulped. Wide and shocked
eyes masquerading her swallowing the pill. So this was it. Her first kiss. Rather anticlimactic
to have it on a mission, but moderately pleasant.

This time, her cheeks colored red naturally. She didn’t hear the goodbyes the boys said. Her
attention was brought back to earth when Ranga tugged on her wrist to sit back down.

“Aww, you’re so adorable, Misa-chan,” the teen smiled pushing a full glass of strong liquor
into her hands.

“Ah.. well..” she mumbled and took a sip. It burned. The girl coughed. Her hands tried to put
the glass back on the table, but Ranga put his hand on top of hers holding the cup.

“You’ll get used to it after another few sips,” he said gently pushing her hand with the cup up.
Ryoko hesitantly nodded and tried again. It really burned less this time. Of course, it would
not compare to the burning of a Katon jutsu.

“Soooo, he’s your boyfriend?” Ranga whispered to her ear after a few casual sentences.
Ryoko had a couple of options on how to react. She chose the one that was bound to provoke
him the most.

A big smile curved her lips, eyes sparkled with wonder as she looked up at Ranga. “Yes!” she
chirped with childlike excitement. “Bac was always there for me. He takes care of me. He is
so strong and… I really like him…” she rambled, noticing annoyance creeping on Ranga’s
face with her every word.

“Well, you know, I could take care of you too..” he whispered to her ear and pushed the cup
towards her face again. She sipped.

“I… I don’t know you, Ranga-san…” she whispered, turning away as if not being able to
take his advances, but too weak to push him away from herself.

The teen took the bait and started to brag about his achievements all while pouring one drink
after another to her cup. The pill did wonders as she didn’t feel any intoxication yet. That



didn’t mean that she wasn't faking it by almost spilling her drink, slurring her words slightly.
All while committing to memory every incriminating detail the boy said to her.

“You know, Misa-chan, a boyfriend is not a wall. He can be walked around or moved,”
Ranga got even closer. His hot breath fanned over her neck.

“No… but… I.. canhg’t... “ she stumbled on her sparse responses. “PLeasE don’t…” she
whispered when he finally dared to place a hand on her thigh. Ranga watched her carefully
for a long moment and then pulled away.

The flirty expression was gone. “You are loyal. I like that,” he said. “You and Bac-kun will
make a good addition to my team,” part of Ryoko was surprised to realize that this all was a
test. She didn’t show it of course. Pretending, like she couldn’t even hear him, Ryoko swayed
in her seat, the cup slipped from her fingers.

“Ah, shit, I overdid it,” the teen muttered barely managing to catch her drink before it spilled
all over. “No more drinks for you, young lady,” he sighed, helping her stand. Ryoko stumbled
and swayed, making him carry most of her weight. “Yeah, you’re not drinking ever again..”
he muttered as they made way to the camp.

━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi made sure to be efficient on the supposedly ‘urgent’ job. He trusted Ryoko’s skills in
a fight, but infiltration… seduction… He had doubts. From what he knew about the girl, she
specializes in assassination and not this...

That is why he made the split-second decision to change their cover story. Posing as her
boyfriend, he would give Ryoko a way out of any advances from their targets. He also
noticed her caution with alcohol - hence the pill.

He could have just handed it to her, but the fake kiss served as proof of their relationship. In
the end, Ryoko acted it out believably. She didn’t show inexperience or that it was the first
time. He guessed that it probably wasn’t for her. He would know.

Things like this sometimes came up during missions and you could always tell who had
practice and who didn’t. Overall, he rated her execution acceptable for the mission and his
goal. Although, he couldn’t imagine who was the poor soul that dared to date Ryoko…
Kakashi might just buy a drink for the sucker if he ever met him.

Now, his task was to return back, before the effects of the pill faded or Ryoko lost her shit
and killed everyone. Either was likely.

There was no fire or destruction in the camp. Good. Kakashi noticed Ranga mingling with
others. The sleezbag sent him a wave with a smile. In very little time, Kakashi made it to
their allocated tent and slipped inside.

Ryoko laid on the sleeping bag. Fully dressed. Her vigilant eyes opened right as he zipped the
tent flap. “Here,” she extended him a tiny scroll.



“So?” he waited for her report.

“All was a test. I passed, obviously,” she sat up slowly and cringed. The pill was wearing off.

“Good, don’t puke here or you’re sleeping outside,” he warned while combining her message
with his own meant for the backup team.

“Shut it, fatass,” the girl mumbled on her way out. She squealed and Kakashi barely
controlled the instinct of throwing his kunai at whatever startled her. Kato was right outside
the tent. Ryoko pushed past him, her mouth covered by one hand. She clearly didn’t want to
sleep outside. He smirked.

“Aww, you two are cute, but I wouldn’t call you fatass,” Kato mused glancing inside. The
snake was clearly spying.

“Yeah… she had to carry me once when I was drunk and now I cannot live it down,” he
shrugged and stretched. The secret messages were securely hidden in his sleeve.

“Yeah, I just wanted to check how Misa-chan was doing. Boss sometimes can push it too
hard,” the teen explained and glanced at the distance where Ryoko had gone.

“Hmmm. I can see that,” Kakashi didn’t have to act too hard to show that he was not amused
by Ranga’s behavior.

“Chill, he just likes to make sure that our newbies are not flakes or just after him.”

“He could have fooled me,” Kakashi muttered.

“Aww, are you always that jealous?”

“I am not!”

“Mhm, whatever you say, Bac. Although, in your place, I might be like that too. She does
have a nice butt,” the teen winked and finally left. Kakashi exhaled. At least he knew that the
mission would be over soon. He wanted personal space again. This wasn’t that bad as Ryoko
truly acted professionally. She didn’t speak too much or annoy him. He could work with that.

Kakashi waited for the girl to return for almost an hour. Just as he was about to go looking,
she came back. “You look like shit,” he deducted.

Ryoko deadpanned at him, but her eyes were a tad bit cleared now at least. “Bite me,” she
replied, closing the tent gap for the night. Her skin looked paler than usual, her hair looked
wet and she was very obviously shivering.

“Where were you?”

“Puked my guts out. Jumped into the river to sober up a bit. The usual,” she shrugged getting
into the shared sleeping bags. “I think I passed out a bit on the grass too,” she added after a
moment of silence.



“Charming.”

“Fuck off,” yup, she was fine alright. He too laid in the sleeping bag, but her almost violent
shivering prevented any possible sleep. He exhaled after a long ten minutes and hugged the
girl.

“You’re like an icicle.”

“I jumped in the river.”

“Very smart. Auch,” he didn’t expect to be kicked. In retaliation, Kakashi hugged her tighter
and could swear he heard a rib crack. She winced.

After a few more friendly jabs and pushes, the two finally settled. She wasn’t shivering
anymore at least. He slept without nightmares for once.

In the morning, Kato yet again disrupted their privacy. “You’re so adorable, you’re making
me sick,” he commented on the entangled pair he found.

“Ah, so loud,” Ryoko winced somewhere on his chest. A hangover Uchiha was something he
really didn’t want to deal with, so Kakashi gladly took Kato’s call for another job.

Overall, the mission lasted ten days. Their backup team appeared and apprehended the
criminals, while Ryoko and himself slipped away unnoticed. He hoped to never have the
pleasure of working with the girl again.

That was a lie. Ryoko worked with him far better than most. He could not fault her actions or
skills. Kakashi had a feeling that she got his back. He didn’t have to worry about protecting
her, like with Rin or others. Unfortunately, he would have to state those facts in the report as
well as an official admission and acknowledgment of her. What a pain.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 29: Villains &amp; Heroes
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It was a day of celebration in the Uchiha clan. Their esteemed, accomplished, and respected
heir was turning fithfteen years old. For once, elders didn’t complain about him being a
medic...

Their house was flooded with gifts and flowers not only from the clan. Each thankful patient
and a thirsty woman showed their gratitude to her brother. So what could Ryoko get to the
boy who already had everything? She contemplated for days until something came to mind...

During the evening celebration, Ryoko patiently waited until other guests showed their
respect to Itachi. There were clan heads from all over Konoha. Even the Hokage showed up
with his family.

Kushina-san looked like she had a balloon instead of a belly. “A month, really?” her mother
mused discussing the due date. While Sasuke chased Naruto around in a game of tag.
Somehow, the two boys managed to rope young Nara into it too.

“Good evening, kid,” Shikaku winked at her passing by.

“Hn,” Ryoko only said, face cold, arms crossed, while her mind wasted no time to settle in a
nice shadowy gutter.

“Ryoko-san,” Hyuga entourage was far more respectful. She mirrored their bow only because
father was watching.

All the noise and commotion was making Ryoko tired. Being a shinobi she stayed vigilant at
all times. Gatherings like this were bound to be overwhelming. The girl sighed and waited.

Just before midnight, back at home, Ryoko finally got her chance to speak with Itachi. She
knocked on his door and entered. He had a tired smile on his face, but he was smiling, so
that’s that.

“Happy birthday, brother,” she said, extending a little box decorated with flower ornaments.

“Ah, and I was already thinking that my little sister doesn’t love me,” he snickered, accepting
her offering. Ryoko said nothing as she took a seat next to him on the bed.

Inside the box, Itachi found a black metal pendant. He carefully opened what appeared to be
a medallion and inside of it were two pictures. On one half, was father and mother. On the
other, was her and Sasuke.

“So we could always be with you. Watching over you,” she whispered. Maybe this was not
the manliest gift one could give. Nor something a shinobi would have use of.



“Koko…” Itachi clutched the necklace in his hand and hugged her almost Kakashi level of
bone-crushing. “This is the best gift…” he grumbled into her ear. Ryoko sighed with relief
and hugged the boy back.

There was nothing she wouldn’t do for her brother or her family. She would kill for them.
She would die for them without hesitation. Sometimes it felt like her heart would explode
from the strong feelings she had.

“I love you so much, brother.”

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko had a bad feeling in her gut. It has been a week since her ANBU team was denied any
missions and effectively grounded in the village. Even in the jonin mission center, she was
denied. The girl noticed that restrictions did not apply to others.

That’s suspicious. Or maybe that’s her shinobi paranoia showing its ugly horns. Ryoko didn’t
want to take a chance, so she let the frustration on Lynx, Cobra, and Panda. They spared,
trained, and worked together on combined attacks. What else could she do?

She swore that if another day would pass in the village without action, she would go to
complain to Hokage himself. Lucky for her, Minato summoned her himself. As ANBU.

She felt the undeniable pull from the tattoo on her shoulder. Finally! the girl perked up and
got into her ANBU gear in record time. She met with others and they appeared in the Hokage
tower together.

Kneeling on one knee before their leader, Team Shi waited for the order. They were not
alone. In the office, was also the infamous Team Ro. Her gut feeling stirred.

“This is an S rank mission,” Minato announced. He looked pretty terrible. Slightly pale and
unnerved. “Team Ro, Team Shi, you will serve as guards for tonight while my wife gives
birth.”

Well shit… all this for guard duty? Of course, Minato was the Hokage, so he had a target on
his back just like his family, but still… She had to wonder why all the secrecy?

“The birth will take place in an undisclosed location. I will take you there now to prepare and
wait.”

Another interesting fact. Why not the hospital, where ANBU would be all around? Despite
the questions, Ryoko together with other agents responded “Yes, Hokage-sama!”

━━━━━━━━━━

Biwako sat without moving in her empty apartment. Shadows grew longer as she stayed
immobile lost in her thoughts. How did it all come to this? At least now the village hated her
just as much as she hated them…



It all started so long ago. It started with hope. A thought that maybe this new village of
Konoha would become their home. It could have been that and more if not for her parents…
They were the first ones to betray Biwako.

She was sold to the Sarutobi clan like a sacrificial lamb. And so the seeds of hate were
planted in her heart. The loveless marriage. The public's scrutiny. The men Hiruzen brought
home… She despised Konoha with every passing day.

At first, Biwako tried to accept her fate. She tried to understand her husband's devotion to
Konoha. Silly Hiruzen did everything for the Leaf and how was he repaid for it? The man
was villainized and she was left to bear the burden of a traitor's mark.

On this day, she recalled her family. One son had left her to atone for his father's sins. Dear
Asuma was her light and moon. The only joy she ever found in these trees. Her daughter was
supposed to be another precious child. Part of noble ANBU with her husband. Yet, she too
severed all ties when the grey truth made it to the surface.

Biwako heard that her daughter recently gave birth to a son. She was a grandmother now…
But she couldn’t even visit the child. She was all alone. Broken and discarded. Like a living
walking proof of the shame on Konoha’s reputation.

She inhaled deeply and stood up. Her resolve was made. Now to play the part she so
successfully owned for years. The woman made her way towards Konoha gate. Kushina was
already there just like almost four years ago.

“Remember, hold down your screams,” she said to the redhead the same line as they walked
towards the cave.

Just like last time, a barrier protected the entrance and there were four ANBU guards that she
could see standing outside. Panda, Cobra, Lynx, and a white cloak wearing captain with a
mask of a Fox. How fitting… she thought to herself passing by them.

Inside Minato already waited with another midwife. Just like the last time. “Everyone’s
ready?” she asked just as Fourth took his position in monitoring the seal.

This time it has to work! This time… she will make Konoha pay and no Uchiha brat will ruin
her plans!

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko felt a chill in the air. Something was coming. Something… Kushina’s screams finally
started and even reached them. The girl sighed under her mask. Maybe, by the time she is
ready to bring children into this world, there will be such a thing as an epidural in this world.
The girl could only hope…

“Taicho!” Lynx whispered turning to the west.

“On alert!” Ryoko commanded drawing out her fans. There in the distance, an odd mist was
forming. It was unnatural, how it spread over the trees. “Cobra, Panda, you are not to leave



this barrier at any cost. Lynx, with me,” she said and leaped closer towards the mist. Two of
the team Ro members appeared next to them. Weapons drawn.

The air felt humid and quickly they all were surrounded by the white blanket of the
mysterious mist. All sounds disappeared as if drowned out. Her sharingan picked up the
chakra, but she couldn’t tell where the enemy was. Attacking blind could also injure her
teammates.

Not good… the girl thought, but she was not about to roll over and die. Ryoko focused her
chakra and with the help of the fans summoned a wild gust of wind. There! Right in front of
her stood at least seven masked shinobi.

Village Hidden in The Mist. No shit! Ryoko cursed spotting their headbands. Without
hesitation, the girl leaped forward and attacked those who dared to face her.

The enemy was not too strong or too weak. Just annoying enough to keep them busy. Ryoko
wondered as she slashed another throat, why would their village provoke Konoha? What was
their agenda? To start a war?

She had a bad feeling. There was clearly a missing puzzle in this picture. No sane person
would attack a father during his child's birth. Especially when that father happened to be the
genius Fourth Hokage. Maybe they had a death wish?

Ryoko cursed and made her decision. There was something underneath the underneath. She
had to find out what. The girl dodged and weaved until finally, she managed to capture one
scum alive.

A genjutsu was already created around them, while Ryoko pushed the man to the ground and
stared right into his soul with her sharingan. She was no Yamanaka and mind walking was
not easy, but she trained in interrogation long enough to know the basics.

After a grueling moment of breaking mental barriers, she saw a picture through the man’s
eyes. It was a picture of a girl with brown hair, brown eyes, and… purple fuckin marks on her
fuckin cheeks!

Ryoko cursed as she ended the illusion. With a single slash of her fan, the man was set on
fire. She jumped high up, over the mist, and gave a signal to team Ro’s captain. Diversion.

While still in the air, she gathered chakra and sent a larger gust of wind down. This was not
her main chakra nature, so it cost double that of a lightning or fire jutsu would. Thankfully,
she had chakra to spare.

The wind blew the mist away once and for all. Ryoko didn’t stay to finish up the enemy
shinobi and instead jumped towards Hound and another ANBU from team Ro. “Their target
is Rin Nohara.”

She saw Kakashi tense. The teen was conflicted. Before he could respond, a loud bang and
smoke came from Konoha’s direction. Ryoko knew what had to be done. “GO! Notify the
guards and secure her, we’ll continue our mission here.”



By saying this, she gave Kakashi permission to do what he wanted to do. She would take
responsibility if it came to that. Maybe she couldn’t tell now why the shinobi wanted Rin of
all the valuable assets, but there had to be a good reason.

Hound nodded and disappeared. “SECURE THE LOCATION!” Ryoko yelled out a
command and they jumped back into the fight. “PANDA, REPORT TO HOKAGE!” she
yelled over her shoulder while slashing another Mist shinobi. There was no end to them.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Hokage-sama!”

“What’s the noise outside?” Minato turned to the agent that entered their room. Biwako
ignored them both as she already knew what they are going to say next. Her focus was
concentrated on the little baby emerging from Kushina.

“Focus on the seal,” she barked out. “A little more, Kushina, almost there.”

“Shinobi from the Mist attacked. Their target is Rin Nohara,” ANBU reported. Well well,
looks like this batch of agents were quick to find out what was hidden, Biwako mused.
Minato will learn the hard way why it was not a good idea to have two jinchuriki's in one
place - you could not be with both of them at the same time. Choices had to be made.

“Have you sent the message to Konoha?” Minato asked returning his eyes to Kushina.

“Yes. Hound taicho went.”

“Alright, return to others, protect this place,” Hokage ordered just as Biwako planned.

Maybe the first time she planned for the little girl to set an attack on Konoha it was stopped,
but now… now Minato won’t be able to do anything about it… it was already too late. The
gears were turning in motion of her master plot.

“It’s a girl!” she finally announced wrapping the baby in a cloth.

“Right. I’ll secure the seal now…”

“Minato, take the baby to safety first. You can check on the village too. If that student of
yours is the target, we’ll be safe here. I’ll take care of Kushina until you come back, she is
stable now,” Biwako said, pushing the baby into the man's arms.

He hesitated, glancing between the little bundle and his wife. “Go, honey. I’m fine. The beast
is calmer this time around,” Kushina smiled over the fatigue.

Another moment passed and Minato was off. “Finally…” she whispered and let out a sigh.
Biwako opened her empty eyes and a kunai was already in her palm. She quickly turned and
stabbed the other midwife in the neck.

“Biwako-sama?” it was adorable how clueless the redhead was.



“Don’t worry child, I will do it quickly. It is time for Konoha to go up in flames of their will
of fire,” she smiled with a grimace that did not look sane anymore. She has not been sane for
a while now.

The woman made hand signs and summoned five masked shinobi. Without any words, they
started the ritual. The ground and walls cracked from the chakra being released. Kushina
screamed like never before and red poisonous chakra seeped from her.

“To hell with Konoha,” Biwako whispered when the final seal was made. She saw the beast
forming and it was her cue to leave. The old woman scrambled outside together with her
accomplices.

The sky cracked from the beast's screech. All nine tails appeared together with the fox. She
would love to stay and watch the village burn, but her instincts yearned for freedom.

Biwako Sarutobi fled after releasing the Nine-Tailed Fox. If luck was on her side, the Three
Tailed Beast would be released as well.

━━━━━━━━━━

It seemed that they got the last of Mist shinobi, but it didn’t feel right. Ryoko looked around.
It was too quiet. Too calm. As if their enemy fled on their own accord. Maybe they got the
Rin girl? No, Kakashi wouldn’t let that happen.

And then the cave behind them exploded. She barely managed to land on her feet, when a
dark shadow dropped on her team.

“Mother of…” Panda stuttered next to her.

Alright. So now everything made sense. Why the birth was kept secret. Why it happened
away from the village. Why the enemy attacked...

“Is that…” Cobra whispered.

“Yeah…” Ryoko sighed tilting her head up to look at the humongous fox. Her eyes widened
as she noticed the beast recoil. “TAKE COVER!” she managed to yell and duck just as a
huge blast was sent by the fox. It probably would even reach Konoha.

Her hands were shaking. Not from fear. Adrenalin was now fully running through her veins.
If the beast would reach Konoha… if it is not stopped… the village… her family…

Ryoko stood up and cracked her neck. “Retreat,” she said, while her eyes didn’t leave the fox
for a second.

“Taicho?” Lynx's voice vaguely registered in the girl’s mind.

“RETREAT! All of you!” she yelled again. Ryoko’s hands clasped and discarded the fans
with one fluid motion and they were left stuck in the ground like some kunai. She didn’t
know if her legs could move. The chakra in front of her was frightening. It was all-
consuming evil and rage.



She made the first shaky step forward. Her eyes burned with the intensity she yet could not
comprehend fully.

“TAICHO! NO! You’ll die!” Panda yelled from behind her.

“Retreat. That’s an order,” she said leaving no room for debate. They had to leave. Her team
would be safe. Her village would be safe. Her family would be safe. Itachi… “I will die
before I let it near Konoha!” she said and she meant it. “Get Kushina and flee!”

ANBU cursed but had to obey. She was left alone with the raging beast. Soothing flames took
over the forest around them. Ryoko felt buzzing in her ears. Her heart was set. She would
likely die here. But if that is what it takes to save her family…

A pain like no other split her head. She felt something hot stream down her cheeks and the
world became brighter. Clear. Sharp. She could see the chakra coming off the beast. There
was not much time to think.

Honestly, this was the epitome of ‘I have no idea what I’m doing’. Ryoko was guided by the
Uchiha instinct alone. Her mind recalled the tales of Madara-sama taming a tailed beast with
sharingan.

That’s what she had to do. The girl tried to catch the fox’s gaze, with no luck. Well, then she
would have to meet his eyes herself. Literally.

The girl vaulted up towards the beast’s head. With a miracle, she landed on its face and
grabbed onto the furry eyebrow. Kami, she was so tiny compared to it. Her whole frame was
the size of its eye.

Ryoko realized that her hand was burned by the chakra surrounding the fox. She didn’t let go
of its fur. Through the pain, she opened her eyes and stared into the pupil. Her own reflection
stared back at her from the shiny surface. She saw the moment her ANBU mask cracked from
the chakra around them.

“Not today, fox!” Ryoko yelled forcing her way inside the beast psyche. It turned out to be
not as difficult to place a genjutsu on it. Fox was an animal after all. A mind was more
simplistic and easy to mold.

She watched as the huge pupil dilated and the sharingan pattern spun inside it. The beast
calmed. No more screeching or setting things on fire. But what now? Ryoko let go of the fur
and dropped down. She didn’t dare to blink.

Lay down, furball! she ordered while pushing more chakra with the command. Its tails waged
like a cat and it slowly lowered its head and body down.

“RYOKO!” she heard the voice but didn’t turn around.

“Hokage-sama! You need to seal it! I don’t know how long I can hold it!” she heard herself
say. “ANBU took Kushina-san. They can bring her back.”

“No… she won’t sustain the beast again…” that was grave yet expected news.



“Who else can?”

The silence fell heavily around them both. “Naruto…” the man whispered.

“Hn. I’ll hold it, Hokage-sama. Do the ritual,” it was cruel for her to accept the suggestion so
easily, but Ryoko was just not in a mood to be sympathetic. Far more lives were at stake here.
She heard him disappear with the teleportation jutsu.

Uchiha!... I’ll rip you to SHREDS!

Huh, so the damned could think and speak. Ryoko was not about to accept the threat. She
would show him who’s in control here. Something inside the girl's gut forced her to give
another command. You think you’re a big deal? I would disagree. You're small, just a regular
fox… she sneered pushing the idea to the beast's mind.

If a regular sharingan drained her chakra like a lit candle, then this… Mangekyo sharingan
felt like a flamethrower was used on her reserves. Yet it was effective. The beast changed
shape slowly as if shrinking in the drying cycle.

“What’s… what’s going on?” Minato appeared again somewhere behind her.

“Don’t worry about that. Needed to take him down a notch,” she rasped and tasted blood in
her mouth.

“A notch… more like a hundred..” the man whispered, but quickly she heard him mutter seal
names instead of commenting on her actions. Good, she didn’t know how much time she had.

Ryoko felt uneasy not being able to see what was happening behind her. With a spur-of-the-
moment decision, she walked towards the now rather small fox and… picked him up into her
arms like a house cat.

This felt better. With touch contact, it was easier for her to direct chakra inside the fox. But
the pain… For a long moment, Ryoko saw white from the scorching of chakra on her skin.
Her whole left hand, neck, chest, and half of her body that touched the fox felt like it was
consumed by Amaterasu.

She could smell the burning metal of her armor. The singing of her clothing. The blood. Her
blood…

“It's ready!” Minato yelled.

She vaguely managed to turn in his direction and walked towards the man carrying the damn
fox in her arms. Ryoko recognized a blond kid lying unconscious in the middle of a ritualist
circle. She placed the beast gently on the ground beside Naruto and stepped away.

“Hurry,” she muttered as her eyes begged to be closed.

“Release the genjutsu now!” Minato finally said the magic word. She would have questioned
if he was really ready, but the girl couldn’t muster any more words. Ryoko let go of her
chakra hold over the fox.



It was a short-lived relief. Like a pressure of underwater was taken off her mind. The world
blurred around the girl. She was hit with a new wave of pain. White. She saw white.

The girl stumbled back. She didn’t hear the Hokage or his chanting. Her job was done.

So tired… she thought, making a couple more steps until her back bumped into a tree. Ryoko
couldn’t think clearly. The only thing on her mind was the need to rest. To sit down…

There was no more pain. Her body felt numb. The girl inhaled slowly as she stumbled further
into the forest’s refuge from the sight of flames and noise that assaulted her senses leaving
only a bloody trail behind. Darkness and quiet. That’s what she needed now.

Like an animal, Ryoko found a calm and secluded place for her rest.

She stumbled over a tree root. Enough. She couldn’t walk any further. Ryoko pressed her
back to a treebark and slid down to the ground. Her hands fell down beside her so lifeless and
useless.

The shadows around her twinkled and she vaguely realized that she was hallucinating. Ryoko
saw figures. Her father. Her mother. Her brothers. They were all smiling at her. And they
were safe.

She couldn’t tell if it was a tear or blood going down her cheek now. Something warm.

“Mommy… I… I don’t think I’ll make it for dinner…” she whispered to the figment of her
imagination. “I’m sorry…”

Hello darkness my old friend… I've come to talk with you again…

Familiar music rang in her mind and then there was only the sound of silence.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Chakra burns are not fun :/



Chapter 30: Pain
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Brilliant work, Kabuto-san. Your research findings will greatly help in our work with tissue
reconstruction.”

“Thank you, Itachi-sama. I could have not done it without your support.”

Itachi gave a soft smile to his young apprentice. At least that’s how others called the grey-
haired kid. He didn’t object. Teaching the boy medical craft was one of the highlights of his
days. Itachi felt like he was finally giving back something instead of destroying.

Over these few years, it became even more obvious that Kabuto had a talent. His mind
worked in a different way. A way that recognized a problem and was focused to find a
solution for it. It was impressive the ideas the boy would come up with.

The two of them walked down the hospital corridor discussing the findings when Itachi’s
alert ears picked up a sound. Not a usual scream or urgent orders by medics… It was more
like a scuffle going on.

“Kabuto-san, please wait here,” Itachi said, giving his clipboard to the boy. The teen walked
on ahead with his white coat fluttering behind him.

“It’s awfully rude of you to disturb my colleague like this,” Itachi whispered as he appeared
behind a masked man who had Rin pinned down to the ground. Itachi’s hand was already
clasping the man’s neck from behind.

A sudden bang shook the ground and now there were screams coming from the outside. Itachi
frowned, pinching the man just right to knock him out.

“Are you alright, Rin-san?” he leaned extending a hand to the woman.

“Uhu, I just… he caught me by surprise…”

“Hn,” Itachi turned to the unconscious assailant and turned him over to check his face.
“Mist…” the man straightened up instantly after seeing the foreign headband. This was an
enemy attack and not some local nutjob.

From nowhere, Itachi already held a kunai in his hand. Like on cue more enemies appeared.
“Stay behind me,” Itachi whispered to Rin and the fight broke out.

“RIN!” Itachi turned to see a masked ANBU yell out for the girl just as he forced a lightning
jutsu into an enemy who was about to grab the girl. Itachi jumped back next to the pair.

“What’s going on?” he asked ANBU.



“Attack on the Village. They are after Rin.”

“Hn. I see.”

They didn’t get to talk more as another dozen shinobi appeared. The fight took them outside,
both boys were tirelessly protecting Rin. More of Konoha jonin joined the fight and they
could stand their ground.

Itachi wondered how the enemy even got past the security barriers… all for a girl? Strange.

“My my, where isssss the Hokage when you need one,” a new voice made Itachi whip his
head around. There, on a nearby building, stood none other but their Legendary Snake sannin
with a crooked smile.

Before anyone could reply a sudden roar screeched through the sky. They all froze as one and
slowly turned in the direction of the noise.

“Ah… I guessssss, that’s where Minato issss…” Orochimaru tsk’ed his tongue seemingly
unmoved by the sight of a nine-tailed fox in a distance.

ANBU with a hound's mask next to him cursed. But he also looked conflicted. Itachi
understood him. The man obviously wanted to go help their Hokage, but he also wanted to
stay and protect the girl.

“Boy’ssssss you better stay here,” sannin finally said with a sigh and then he was gone.
Indeed, that fight over there was something neither of the boys could take on.

Enemies used the commotion to attack again and just like that their fight continued. Earth
shook from the distant roars. Something else exploded. This was going to be a long night.

━━━━━━━━━━

Orochimaru took his time leaping through the trees. He wondered about the plan of attack
against a demon. There was a point where he had only a second to dodge an explosion sent
his way from the fox.

The man heard the impact of it on the village wall. Impressive. The power and chakra
themselves would put a godly level of fear into any man. Orochimaru only smiled wider.
Then… Kami, he could not believe his eyes!

The beast was slowly shrinking in the distance until the sannin could no longer see it over the
trees. Well, that’s certainly something new...

Orochimaru leaped through the trees with no idea what he would find at the end of this
journey. The vile chakra in the distance faded as if being sucked into a vortex. That most
definitely had to be Minato with his fancy seals.

“Minato,” he was right. Orochimaru landed a few feet away from the blond. The man was on
his knees clutching the smaller copy of him to his chest. Snake spotted leftover ink on the
child’s body.



“Is the village under control?” the man asked without lifting his head.

“Obvioussssssly. The enemy failed,” Orochimaru said, finally stepping closer. “Are you
injurrrrred?”

The blond only shook his head. It took another long moment before the Hokage rose up to his
feet with the child in his hands.

“Thank you...” Orochimaru was left confused. Why would Minato thank him?.. “... Ryoko.”
Ah. Of course. Sannin smiled and turned his gaze to where Minato was looking. There was
no one there. “Ryoko?” Minato turned fully and glanced from left to right.

“She’sssss not here,” sannin deducted. Maybe their leader finally lost it?

“Ryoko?” the blond called again, but there was no response or movement. “She was just
there…”

Orochimaru’s eyebrows scrunched. “What happened herrrrre?”

“She… she used Mangekyou Sharingan to control the tailed beast…”

Ahh. Of course. The power of Uchiha’s eyes had yet to disappoint. He smiled. “Of courssssse
she did,” he snickered satisfied. Only the alarm on Minato’s face wiped his smile away.

“Orochimaru! She’s hurt! She was hurt… from the fox’s chakra…” he didn’t have to say
another word. The sannin walked past the blond extending his sensory field. There was
nothing. No familiar tornado of Ryoko’s chakra, that he knew by heart even if she tried to
suppress it.

His tongue tasted blood in the air. Then his golden eyes noticed a trail of blood. He walked
urgently into the forest until he spotted a tiny hand from behind a tree in the distance. A
second later and he was there. Rooted in place from the sight before him.

“No… not again…” he whispered, inhaling sharply. That was a mistake as the pungent stench
of burned flesh assaulted his senses. It brought back old and buried memories of his first
student… But the man could not stop hyperventilating.

Panic settled over him. Orochimaru dropped by her lifeless form with shaking hands calling
for the medical ninjutsu. Only after a third try, his hands were engulfed in soothing green
chakra…

His eyes sharpened when he spotted signs of life and a fleeting heartbeat under the mangled
flesh. Orochimaru inhaled once more to push any emotions aside. Not again. He won’t let
another student of his die if there was even the slightest shred of hope left.

Gently, he scooped the girl up into his arms. Ryoko was like a glass doll ready to shatter, but
Orochimaru instinctively pressed her closer to his chest.

“My child… pleasssse… stay with me,” the legendary sannin whispered with his broken
voice. He straightened up and urgently walked back to the clearing.



“Oh Kami…” Minato uttered with the heart-wrenching pain in his blue eyes. Orochimaru
ignored it and crouched to pick up one of the discarded three-pronged kunai.

“What’s the distance cap for yourrrrr technique?” the snake hissed, eyes of steel bore into the
blond.

“What… well.. Border of the Land of Fire…” Minato finally responded.

“I will leave Konoha. I will call forrrr you when I find herrrr.”

“Who?”

“A healer,” the man said and he was off. Orochimaru shunshinned every hundred meters to
make the journey back to Konoha as fast as possible.

He jumped over the wrecked wall, over the rubble and the roofs. He ignored the fire and the
shinobi rushing in all directions. Finally, Orochimaru made it to the hospital. He passed the
seals of security straight into the operating rooms.

Medics didn’t dare to stop the sannin especially after noting what he held in his arms. He
placed the girl on the operating table just as the head medic rushed inside the room after him.

“Chakra burns,” he answered the unspoken question. The head medic nodded and started to
give out orders. Everything around Orochimaru fell into a haze. He could only stare at
Ryoko’s pale face and the blood on his hands.

The man inhaled one last time and turned to the same medic. Anger burned in his snake-like
eyes, killing intent consumed the room making every medic freeze in their tracks.

“Keep. Her. Alive. Until. I. Come. Back,” he said in the dead silence and his bloodthirsty
aura was gone as if a switch was triggered. The medic gave a shaky nod. Orochimaru didn’t
have to say ‘or else’. They all knew that the sannin’s wrath would have no bounds if this
child dies in their care.

Orochimaru sealed his emotions. There was no room for error or hesitation. He was gone and
out of Konoha before the medics even started to work on Ryoko.

━━━━━━━━━━

Minato gently pushed the horrible image to the back of his mind. He took deep breaths before
using the space-traveling jutsu for what seemed a hundredth time this night. The man
appeared in his home and carefully placed a passed-out Naruto into his bed.

For the first time, he summoned the ANBU team straight into his home. Masked shinobi
kneeled before him waiting for the next order.

“Guard them with your life. Nobody is allowed here,” he said before vanishing.

“STATUS!” the blond yelled out as he materialized in the command center. Shikaku was right
by his side.



“Hokage-sama! Shinobi from the Village Hidden in the Mist attacked. Their target was the
hospital it seems.”

“No. It was Rin Nohara,” Minato glanced at the shinobi keeping up the protective barrier.
“But how did they infiltrate?”

“Ahh, we are not sure, Hokage-sama. There were no breaches to our walls.”

“So, somebody let them in,” he voiced what was left unsaid by Nara. “Get to the bottom of
this, Shikaku,” Minato ordered turning away. He could always trust his shinobi, but now…
any one of them could be the traitor and that was a scary thought.

That somebody knew, that he would be away with Kushina. That somebody knew about Rin
being a jinchuriki. That somebody knew about the fox…

“Hokage-sama, everything is under control. We have apprehended the shinobi who were left
alive. They are waiting for you in T&I HQ.”

Minato stopped and exhaled. “Let Ibiki take care of them. I have somewhere to be…”

“Hokage-sama? Is everything alright? We saw the fox…”

“...Come to the hospital later…” the blond muttered and vanished there himself. Using his
senses, Minato quickly located the right floor. He waved the ANBU guarding the doors and
stepped inside prepared for the worst.

“Hokage-sama!” the sole medic in the room straightened up, but Minato ignored him. He
walked to the bed and leaned closer. His hand found the cold palm resting on white sheets.

“What’s her status?”

“Her chakra network was gravely damaged, but she is stable.”

“...Minato…” husky voice reached his ears.

“I’m here, Kushina… I’m here... “ he smiled through the sorrow in his heart. It was a genuine
expression as seeing her alive was enough to calm his racing pulse.

“Our daughter?”

“She’s fine, honey,” he leaned closer and kissed her hand.

“Ahh… and the beast?”

“I… I sealed him… hey, hey, please don’t cry,” he urgently reached out to brush the stray tear
from her cheek. His wife was no fool. They have talked about the worst possible scenario that
came to life this day. They had agreed on what would have to be done… They have prepared
seals long ago... Yet still, it hurt to think that their darling son will have to carry the burden of
being a jinchuriki.



“Biwako…” she rasped clutching his hand tighter.

“Shhh, honey, you don’t have to worry about anything.”

“Minato… it’s her… she let out the fox… she…”

The man beside her froze. His feet felt heavy as if rooted to the ground. His stomach fell.
“Bi..Biwako…?” a whisper escaped Minato’s lips.

“Yes… with some other shinobi…”

Minato forced a smile back to his face. He had to be strong for her. “It’s alright. You did
good, Kushina. Now please rest,” the blond leaned in and kissed her sweaty forehead.

Five minutes later, he already rushed down the hospital corridors until he reached the ANBU
sector. That was the only place in this building with high-level privacy seals. After the door
closed behind him, Minato inhaled steeling his nerves, and summoned another ANBU team.

“Team Ro! Team Shi! Report!”

He noticed how the Hound glanced over Team Shi that was missing a member. Minato
pushed the memory of her aside. Not yet...

It was just as he thought. The attack. Rin. At least Kakashi made it back in time to protect the
girl. There were casualties. Fallen comrades. But there was no mention of Biwako…

“Hokage-sama,” the ANBU with a mask of a Lynx spoke after silence took over the room.
He knew what the agent wanted to know. Not yet… Minato shook his head with a raised
hand forcing Lynx to bow his head in silence.

“You have a new mission. Locate and apprehend Biwako Sarutobi.”

Seven pairs of eyes zeroed in on him. It wasn’t hard to guess what his order meant. “Yes,
Hokage-sama!” they said as one and vanished. Minato inhaled again and the air that came out
was shaky.

He couldn’t push the subject any further. He had to see for himself the cost for the safety of
his village. Minato extended his senses one more time to locate one person. Just as expected,
he was in the lower levels of the hospital. In the surgery room.

Hokage flickered away and appeared again in the corridor. He knew that he couldn’t enter
inside while the red light bulb was turned on meaning ‘surgery in progress’. So he stood
silently outside and waited.

Fifteen minutes passed before the first screams started. He flinched from the unexpected
noise. Each following scream made his gut turn. Minato didn’t move from his place. He felt
that it was his duty to stay there and listen.

Blood ran cold under his skin. Mind empty. Only screams. Never-ending screams. Heart-
wrenching screams. He lost track of time and didn’t even notice when a man placed a hand



on his shoulder.

“Shikaku…” he nodded to Nara by his side.

“Ho…” Shikaku was cut off by another scream from the other side of the operating room
doors.

“Shikaku, I need you to send a message.”

“Yes, Hokage-sama.”

“Call Fugaku-sama here.”

“Fugaku?” the man next to him narrowed his eyes. Glanced at the doors, at him, back at the
doors. Another scream. And the realization set on his friend's face.

“Yes, Hokage-sama,” Nara said with his jaw tightly clenched.

It lasted hours. At some point, Fugaku showed up. He didn’t ask anything. They just stood
there. Listening. Couple more hours passed when finally the screams stopped. Minato
couldn’t tell if it was a good sign or not.

The light changed from red to green. He perked up waiting for the medics to come out. The
one who stepped outside was of course Itachi Uchiha. Despite the sweat and blood on him,
the teen looked calm and collected. True professional.

“Hokage-sama. Father,” the boy stopped in front of them. ”It’s bad.”

Minato inhaled and nodded. “Full report. All details,” he said against his own mind that
pleaded to avoid knowing what was going on inside that room. But he was the Hokage. He
had to know.

“She suffered severe chakra burns. The chakra was so strong, that it melted her armor straight
to the flesh. We just finished cutting all foreign matter out. Bones in her left arm are
shattered. Also two ribs. One of them punctured a lung. Skin damage…” Itachi straightened
up and inhaled before continuing. “The worst skin damage was done to her arm, chest, neck,
and left side of her pelvis. The skin was completely burned. Chakra burned through the
muscle and even left marks on the bones.”

“Is she..?” Fugaku had the courage to ask.

“She is stable for now, but… With her condition… any smallest infection… anything could
turn the tables around. I don’t think we have the skills to fix such damage. Medics are now
working to repair the bones and muscle.”

“I want to see her,” Minato said.

“Hokage-sama, it is not…”



He raised his hand, silencing Itachi. “I have to see her.” The boy nodded and turned around.
Minato followed. Behind the doors was a small preparation room.

Young Uchiha guided him on how to wash his hands, face, and any visible skin. Then he was
dressed in a special cloak, mask, gloves, shoes. Itachi and Minato were covered head to toe
before they were ready to enter through the second door.

The first thing that caught Minato’s attention was the smell. Blood. Medicine. Burnt flesh.
The cocktail almost made him nauseous, but the man couldn’t turn around. He stepped as
close as Itachi allowed.

Surrounded by medics, there on the table, she laid. Ryoko looked like she was sleeping.
Small beads of sweat were glimmering on her pale skin. His eyes forced themselves to look
lower. Bright red flesh was visible right from her neck. It was vivid and completely raw.

“Itachi... Is she still in pain?”

“Physically - yes. Mentally, I knocked her out, so her brain would have a break. It was crucial
to have her conscious for the removal of necrotising skin.”

“I see,” only then Minato looked around. Right. Orochimaru said he would leave. “You
said… you don’t have skills to fix it completely… who has?”

“I could think only of one person capable of that. Tsunade Senju.”

━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi ran with his team in complete silence until they reached the former cave and current
battleground. The fire was still simmering in some places, but the cave itself was only rubble.

“Locate recent scents moving away from the cave,” he ordered his ninken after summoning
them. “Everyone else, look for signs as well. The target could be under the rubble,” he turned
to the masks. “Lynx, a word.”

Others scattered and the two men were left standing alone in front of each other. “Yes,
senpai?”

“Where is Fox?”

“When the tailed beast appeared, taicho ordered us to retreat with Kushina-sama.”

“Understood,” he said coldly and waved to the man to join the others. Kakashi was left alone
standing. His hands slightly trembled by his sides.

You idiot… What did you do? he asked the question practically seeing the stubborn Uchiha’s
face in front of his eyes. Kakashi slowly walked around until his eyes noticed two fans
impaled in the ground.

He crouched and picked the items up. Even with the mask, Kakashi could still smell traces of
her on them. He pocketed the items after folding them and walked further. Sharingan eye



soaked in the destruction left behind. He couldn't imagine what it would feel to stand here in
front of the fox...

That is when he noticed something glimmering in the grass. Kakashi carefully picked up the
white porcelain mask. He knew right away what it was. Who’s it was. As he turned the object
around, a fox stared back at him. And it was shattered right in the middle. A deep crack went
across it. It was actually surprising that the thing was not in pieces by now.

It’s my fault… If I hadn’t left… Kakashi wanted to tremble and curl in on himself, but the
mission was not done just yet. He pocketed the mask and turned to check on the teams.
Mourning would have to wait.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Some fan art by Reii04 <3

 



Link to art



Chapter 31: Slug Princess
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

When Fugaku finally returns home, he feels drained and emotionless. Like he just spent the
whole night and morning in torture chambers and not the Konoha Hospital. In any other case,
after what happened yesterday, he would freshen up and head to the Police Station. There was
still lingering unrest between civilians and shinobi alike. His job as head of the police was to
keep the fragile balance and order.

Not today, however. Just as he left the hospital, Fugaku sent a message that he would be
taking a day off. Something unheard of. Something he would never have done in a million
years.

But Fugaku had no energy or will to even try and keep himself composed. Just as the door of
his home closed behind the man’s back, he dropped the mask of calm. Carefully Fugaku
shrugged off the jonin vest to the floor. Then pulled off his shoes and walked down the
corridor like a brainless zombie.

“Darling?” Mikoto emerged in the kitchen doorway. Her gentle voice went over his head, as
Fugaku passed her without making any inclination of noticing her.

The man somehow made it to their bedroom and sat down on the edge of the bed. His head
slumped down, hands tangling into his hair.

Eventually, Minato had told him what happened. What Ryoko did for Konoha. And he
shouldn’t be surprised by now of her actions. He really shouldn’t. Since childhood, his little
girl always protected those close to her, despite the apathy and cold she feigned. With no
regard to her own safety…

And his heart aced. No, it hurt. It bleed for her. No parent should ever be witness to the pain
their child suffered. Her screams were the only thing he could hear.

He felt a hand rest on his own. “My love?”

That was the last straw. Fugaku’s whole body shook as he let out a strangled sob. Floodgates
were open and tears streamed freely down his cheeks and trickled onto the hardwood floor.

He felt the mattress dip as Mikoto took a seat behind him. Her gentle hands entwined over his
torso, her head laid on his back. She didn’t say anything else while he let the feelings go. The
heaviness over his mind intensified before it too trickled away along with the tears.

“Itachi or Ryoko?” Mikoto whispered after a while. He didn’t have mental stability at the
moment to admire her strength.



“Ry.. Ryoko,” he choked out a response. Her hands clenched tighter around him. Fugaku
inhaled deeply. The breakdown had subsided and all that was left was emptiness and dried
tears on his skin. “Alive, but...”

Mikoto let out a single breath of relief. He felt her shuffle and then her lips touched the nape
of his neck. “It will be alright… we’ll be alright.”

She stood up after some time. Fugaku didn’t move. Then his wife returned and tugged his
hand to stand up. Fugaku followed her without any energy left in his tired body. He was led
into their bathroom where a bath was steaming.

Mikoto proceeded to undress him and then guided him into the warm water. She too
undressed and joined him. Fugaku instinctively wrapped his arms around her, clinging to her
with dear life. Tears returned. He cried honestly and untamed into the crook of Mikoto’s
neck.

Her presence grounded him. She was his rock. The flame of his life. The purpose of his
being. Fugaku was bare in front of her. Heart on display. Emotions free. He also wanted to
scream at the sky, but at least controlled that one single urge. With Mikoto in his lap, he could
try and reign in his control. For their family and their clan.

“She is in so much pain...” he whispered after a good half an hour of silence.

“She’s strong.”

“Hn.”

“Is Itachi with her?”

“Hn.”

“Good. Come, you need sleep,” Mikoto finally stood and he again followed her orders
without any resistance. Fugaku wasn’t sure if he could sleep now.

Birds outside their window were chirping, the sun was shining. The world had not ended.
Even if it felt otherwise. Mikoto closed the curtains and the darkness soothed his mood. Then
she led him to the bed and tucked him in like a child. He fell into a deep sleep within
seconds.

━━━━━━━━━━

How do you find someone who doesn’t want to be found? It helps when you know their
habits and vices. Orochimaru was lucky that he knew unwillingly of Tsunade’s more
questionable activities.

The man raced with time as he made the journey towards the Fire Nation capital. With the
first crack of dawn, he made it to the city. He skipped inns and casinos. He didn’t stop at bars
or underground gambling holes.



Orochimaru went straight to the one person who would know the exact location of the slug
princess. With no hesitation, he broke down the door, and ignoring the guards that took out
their weapons, the snake approached a plump man counting his money.

“Where issssss she?” he hissed.

“Now, now, everyone calm down,” the man raised his hands defensively with a nervous
laugh.

“WHERE. IS. SHE.”

“Ahh, well I wouldn’t know who you are looking for, but I am sure, we can…”

Orochimaru didn’t have time for this! He appeared behind the man and smashed his head to
the table. “Tsunade. You are her bookie, yessss? Where is she?”

“TEA! Land of Tea!” the man hurried to stutter in fear for his life. Orochimaru was gone
before the man could even blink.

By the time the sun reached noon, Orochimaru was across the country and crossing the
border. Around twelve hours have passed since he left Konoha and the sannin struggled to
keep his calm demeanor.

As he reached a port village, the man was near panic levels of anxiety. He burst through the
door into a smoke-filled den of gamblers. Quickly eyes zeroed in on one particular blond
woman in the back. Orochimaru marched straight to her, grabbed her collar, and dragged the
woman outside. She seemed to be drunk enough to hesitate, before pushing his hand away
with her incredible strength.

“What the fuck, Orochi?” she slurred taking in his appearance.

“No, time. We havvvve to go,” he hissed attempting to grab Tsunade again. She leaped away
and he ran after. “TSUNADE! STOP!” he yelled as the anger bubbled dangerously close to
the surface.

Finally, as they were crossing a small park, Orochimaru caught up to her and tackled the
woman to the ground. “STOP!” he sneered into her face.

“Orochi… calm the fuck down!” she pushed him away but didn’t run again.

“We. Have. To. Go,” the air filled with killing intent. Tsunade stepped back as her eyes
narrowed.

“I’m going nowhere until you tell me what’s this about.”

Orochimaru inhaled deeply. His hands were clenched into shaky fists by his sides. Breath, he
told himself. Bloodlust was gone when he took another inhale. “Tsunade. I need you. In
Konoha.”



“HEEEEEELL NO!” she stumbled back with her arms raised. “I’m going there only in a
dead body scroll!”

“Tsunade… pleasssse…” his voice broke.

“Lady Tsunade! What happened!?!” a woman caught up to them, but sannin paid her no
mind.

“Orochimaru, what happened?” Tsunade looked completely sobered up as her calculating
eyes took another look at her disheveled teammate. She carefully stepped closer to the man.

“My.. my student is injured.. And there issss nothing I can do…” he spoke with such raw
pain, that Tsunade was taken aback. She obviously never could have imagined him having
such strong feelings. And Orochimaru didn’t care that his emotions were on display. He
didn’t care about keeping appearances.

The man feared across the nations fell to his knees. “I beg of you, Tsunade! Pleasssse! Save
her!” his head was bowed down and there was warm liquid gathering at the corners of his
eyes.

“Orochi… I don’t heal anymore, you know tha…” she stopped mid-sentence when he lifted
his head. “You’re… you’re crying!” the woman stepped back. Her hands went up quickly to
dispel this illusion. Yet nothing happened.

“Pleasssse… I cannot losssse another one…” Orochimaru whispered.

“Orochi.. I am sure that medics in Konoha are skilled enough to…”

“It’s chakra burns… savvier chakra burnssss. You and I both know they are not equipped to
deal with that.”

The woman crouched beside him while biting her lip. He looked straight into honey-colored
eyes. She knew. He knew. If anyone had a chance and skill, it was Tsunade.

“Please,” he whispered. “She wants to be the next Hokage…”

Tsunade winced. This was a low blow. It showed just how desperate the man was. The
woman cursed and threw her hands in the air.

“Fine,” he perked up hearing her voice. “But you’ll tell me in detail exactly what happened!”

Orochimaru pulled himself from the ground and gave a single stern nod. “We don’t have
much time. Let’ssss go,” the snake said. Emotions locked away again. There was hope on the
horizon.

━━━━━━━━━━

Kabuto diligently made his rounds. There were many new patients as a result of last night's
attack. The boy managed to avoid any commotion only thanks to Itachi-sama. He was about



to report back when he entered his senpai’s office to find the teen leaning on a sink. Black
hair like a curtain hid his face.

“Itachi-sama,” the boy cleared his throat after a second of hesitation.

“Kabuto-san,” a ragged voice greeted him. Kabuto adjusted his glasses and stepped inside.
Surely his teacher could not be that upset over an overnight shift, no matter how demanding
they were. The only logical explanation was that something else happened.

“I can come back later, senpai,” he muttered, placing the papers he had on the teen's desk. He
heard Itachi take a long breath before the teen straightened up and turned to face him.

“It’s fine. I actually wanted your eyes on something,” Itachi said gently, but Kabuto could
barely hear him. His eyes were focused on the red puffy eyes staring at him.

“Yes, senpai,” Kabuto answered.

“Here,” Itachi handed him a chart.

It was a patient chart. No name or code number, just injuries and provided treatment. The boy
hummed flipping through the pages. He had not seen anyone with such injuries, so it had to
be one of the classified cases. Talking about the injuries… it was bad. Very bad. But it could
also be worse.

“Your work on tissue regeneration… could it be applied here?” Itachi asked after the boy
stayed silent.

“Hmm. Maybe… but it still needs a layer of skin to be there. At least something to attach
itself to and encourage the healing, Itachi-sama,” he thought aloud.

“Can you test it out and get the numbers for me?”

“Of course, senpai!” Kabuto carefully placed the chart back on the table and bowed before
leaving. This was serious. His teacher entrusted him with something important here, Kabuto
could feel it.

Even if the chances were slim, Kabuto will do anything in his power to not disappoint the one
person who believed in him. Who gave him hope and a new life. Whoever this patient was,
Kabuto knew he had to help them.

━━━━━━━━━━

Tsunade wished to have a sake bottle in her hand right now.

“Shit…” she cursed again after Orochimaru finally finished recalling what happened in her
village. To think that the fox appeared and was stopped by some Uchiha brat? She was
impressed, although her emotional bandwidth for the day was slowly reaching the cap.

First, she was dragged out by the snake, then she witnessed his breakdown (and praise Kami,
Orochi actually has feelings!), then she heard of the attack on Konoha. The image of what



could be waiting for her there was not a pleasant one.

She didn’t say anything, but her mind already prepared for the very real possibility of
arriving to a dead child. They were still miles away from Konoha. Suddenly, Orochimaru
stopped.

“What is it?” she too dropped down on the ground next to him. Her eyes noticed him taking a
kunai… Tsunade’s first instinct was to dodge and curse as it turned out to be a ruse and a
masterful lie on Orochimaru’s part. Yet he dropped the kunai on the ground instead after
infusing it with some chakra.

Now she really had to dodge as another man appeared where the kunai was just a second ago.
“Minato!” she yelped recognizing the brat.

“Hold on!” the other blond said before hugging her and they were off. Flying Thunder God
technique turned out to be an experience she would never forget.

It felt like her body broke down on a molecular level, was sucked into a void, and then
recollected itself. She felt dizzy and nauseous and… “Never do that shit again!” she pushed
Minato away after finding her footing.

“I’m sorry, Lady Tsunade, but there is no time we can waste,” he straightened up. Taller than
she remembered him. There were many wrinkles of worry on the young face looking at her.
Tsunade sighed.

“Yeah yeah, show me,” she brushed it off and finally looked around. They were at Konoha
gates. Sun was starting its descent. As they ran across the roofs, she noticed more signs of the
battle Orochimaru spoke off.

Two minutes later, she was back in the place where she swore never to step her foot again.
The hospital was buzzing, full of life and death. “Is she still…?” Tsunade asked the blond
leading the way.

“Yes. Medics kept her stable and fixed some internal damage,” Minato said just as they
rounded the corner into the ANBU sector. She spotted masked guards hidden in the shadows.
“In there,” Minato pointed at the last door, where protection seals were even more evident.

Tsunade left the Hokage in the corridor and stepped inside. The room was white, with no
windows, everything sterile. There was a see-through curtain around a single bed.

“Tsunade-sama,” a medic turned to her from the table where he was preparing medicine.

“Chart!” Tsunade ordered without pleasantries. She was handed a detailed chart. Orochimaru
wasn’t kidding… her status was on a thin line between death and recovery.

Putting the papers away, the woman stepped inside the curtained-off perimeter and started her
own diagnostics. The little girl before her was covered with a thin and almost sheer fabric,
but otherwise, she was bare. The red muscle tissue pulsed under her glowing palms. It was
horrific yet something she had seen before.



Tsunade had to bite the inside of her cheek to cope with all that sea of red. She didn’t think of
it as blood. No blood. That’s only muscle, she told herself, making the mind focus on what
was inside and not her own past...

She scrunched her face. “Who was in charge of the initial operation?”

“I was, Tsunade-sama,” she turned to the medic and gave him a look over. He was young.
Very young. Dark long hair, dark eyes. He looked like…

“Uchiha?”

“Itachi Uchiha, yes, mam,” the boy was polite and damn skilled! She noticed how carefully
the blood vessels and muscle was treated while removing foreign material with the burned
skin.

Tsunade turned her eyes back to the girl and focused. With internal injuries mostly taken care
of, with exception of the mangled left arm bone, the biggest problem left was the skin. The
child could easily fall into shock or get sepsis.

She inhaled and exhaled. “Come here, brat, I’ll show you how it’s done.”

━━━━━━━━━━

When Minato disappeared in the middle of the meeting, Shikaku could only sigh as he was
used to this already. Still, it left him to deal with the new council's concerns.

After the Shimura incident, the old council was retired and a new council was chosen. It
represented the major elements of Konoha: the T&I chiefs, ANBU commander, head of the
police, civilian representative, hospital head medic, the academy director, and himself as the
jonin commander.

“Should we continue without Hokage-sama and Fugaku-sama present?” Inoichi asked.

“Troublesome,” he sighed, rubbing at his nose bridge. “Yes, we should continue and prepare
our suggestions for when Hokage returns. What is the status at the hospital?”

“The injured are taken care of. Triage stations are working to accommodate everyone. But we
need to send more medical supplies,” the head medic reported.

“What is the damage to our infrastructure?” he asked the civilian man.

“Mild. Most of the damage is concentrated on the village wall, but houses need only minimal
repairs and… cleaning,” the man said referring to blood, guts, and whatnot. He also presented
with the list of damaged structures.

“Alright. We should increase the border patrol security,” Shikaku nodded to the ANBU
commander in mutual understanding that this job will fall on their divisions.

“Inoichi, how are your new… tenants doing?”



“We started preliminary identification and sorting of those who survived. As there are quite a
few, it would not be feasible to mind walk all of them. We have to locate higher ranking ones
that could hold the most information.”

The torture division chief nodded. Time was precious and sensitive. Before the news of the
attack on Konoha spreads out, they had to get all the facts and prepare their public response.

“Could you also inform the daimyo about the upcoming political… negotiations?” Shikaku
turned to the civilian again.

“Of course. A message was already sent. Are we expecting to start a war again?” the man’s
question was frank but not out of bounds.

Former leaders had started wars for less. As it stands now, their Hokage’s family was
targeted, the village was infiltrated and attacked. They could not brush such dire actions
under the rug. The Village Hidden in The Mist made a grave error and they will pay one way
or the other.

Finally, the meeting was over, Minato had not returned. Nara guessed that their Hokage was
in the hospital either for his wife or…

He looked up at the darkening sky. It was colored in a deep shade of red as if bleeding
together with all those they lost last night. They didn’t lose many shinobi. A few chunin, one
jonin, and some guards. Civilians were evacuated by the police just in the nick of time before
the fights really broke out.

Shikaku didn’t envy Fugaku at the moment. He would not wish this even on an enemy. No
surprise that the man skipped the council meeting. Yet, it still worried him. Fugaku would be
the first one to advocate for retribution. If he wasn’t doing that… then…

After another moment of deliberation, Shikaku walked himself to the Uchiha compound. He
bought two large bottles of sake on the way.

“Mikoto,” he greeted the woman that opened the door.

“Shikaku. Please, come inside,” she showed him to the room with open doors leading into the
inner garden. She looked calm and stoic, but even in her impeccable mask, he could see small
cracks. Maybe he just spent too much time looking into her daughter's mask, to be able to see
those cracks…

“Please wait a moment, I will get him shortly,” she said before leaving.

“Hn,” after a few minutes Fugaku emerged. The man looked like he just returned from war.
Tired, disheveled, and empty.

Without saying another word, Shikaku poured two glasses. They drank in silence. Who
would have thought that Nara would one day be supporting Uchiha like this? Shikaku’s father
did not keep good relations with Uchiha before. He didn’t expect to do it either…



All changed after that first game of shogi with the tiny prodigy. Ten years he spent looking
behind the cold exterior and the frowns and very few words. He learned of just how deep
Uchiha relationships and bonds went.

He watched as the girl grew up into a fierce kunoichi. She was often mistaken for a cold and
detached person. People could not be more wrong about her. He saw the flames in her eyes
and the passion in them.

Oh, how he laughed, when Yoshino pointed out that the girl had a crush on him. It was very
sweet and pure, that he could not hold back using that information against the kid. His one
goal was to finally make her blush and lose the iron-clad control she had on her display of
emotions.

She was a sweet child when you took the time to actually look at her. She was kind in her
own way. Loving and fiercely determined. To see her hurt, was the same as seeing his own
child injured… She still is that sweet child, he corrected himself and sipped more of the sake.

“She’ll be fine, she’s a fighter,” Shikaku said looking into the evening sky outside.

“Hn.” Silence. After a few sips, Fugaku spoke again. “Did she ever tell you how she
awakened her sharingan?”

Shikaku raised his eyebrow. “No, she did not.”

“Ryoko didn’t know what sparring was at that age and she truly believed I was attacking
Itachi,” Nara could very well see that exact moment happening. A smile tugged on his lips.
“So she jumped in between us, right in front of my kunai. Without hesitation…”

The smile was swept away and Shiakus face scrunched in contemplation. Yes, that sounded
like Ryoko he knew. She had no reservations when it came down to protecting those that are
dear to her. “Hmm, yes. She did the same thing yesterday,” he nodded. “Only the danger was
real. There could have been many more dead if not for her actions.”

“Hn.”

“Konoha is in Uchiha debt.”

“No… It was her duty. She wants to be a Hokage after all.”

Shikaku’s eyes widened. He glanced at his friend and, yes that was not a joke. Well, what do
you know? Ryoko Uchiha the next Hokage? He could see that happening…

“Fugaku, this might be out of bounds, but… do you have any idea how she managed to take
control of the Fox?”

“Ah yes…” there was a shadow of a smile on the man’s face. “There are scriptures about
Uchiha controlling the tailed beast with sharingan. Specifically Madara Uchiha. I believe that
is where she got the idea. He is her idol.”



“Waaait a minute…” he blinked rapidly. “So it was not a coincidence she had that scythe
during chunin exams?”

Fugaku actually laughed. “Precisely. She is still trying to get me to buy her a gunbai to
match.”

Shikaku chuckled. Ryoko was not making it easy for herself if she was so determined to
embody the questionable Uchiha from her clan. The one that was feared across all elemental
nations. No, he really could not see Ryoko being like Madara. She was too cute for that.

━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi returned with his teams empty-handed. They tracked the sents until they split up.
They would have continued the hunt if not for the hostile borders in front of them. Entering
Water Country was out of the question. So they returned to report back.

He was not happy. He felt ashamed to have failed the mission. He felt… angry at himself. As
they stood in front of the ANBU commander, he reported dryly and hopped to get another
chance to redeem himself…

“Alright, you are dismissed for now. Return after 24 hours for your next mission,” the
commander said, making a couple of notes on the report.

Agents bowed and left. Kakashi remained. He straightened up when the commander gave
him a questioning look. “Yes, Hound?”

He held his breath while taking out the mask he carried in the pocket close to his chest.
Kakashi placed it on the desk and stepped back still without breathing. It felt like the air
would make him choke.

“Ahh, right. Thank you, I should probably get this fixed. I have a feeling Fox will not be bed
tied for too long,” the commander said turning the mask in his hands.

Kakashi froze. “Excuse me, commander. Did you say that Fox will return?”

“Mhm. You probably missed the debriefing as you were on the mission. Fox is in the
hospital. Alive for now.”

He finally could exhale as the information registered in his mind. “For now?” he questioned
carefully.

“Hmm. I cannot share medical records, Hound.”

Kakashi nodded, taking the hint. Right. He couldn’t, but someone else could. After bowing
again, the teen disappeared. His heart fluttered in his chest. Fox wasn’t dead yet… There
won’t be another name scratched into the Memorial Stone…

This was almost the same feeling he had when he saw Obito alive again. Damn Uchiha will
be the cause for his untimely death one day.



━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Men cry too and that's completely okay! ^^



Chapter 32: From 13 to 14
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Part of Kakashi was appalled by what he was doing, but another part of him, greatly
encouraged by Obitos silent whispers in his head, said that it was the right thing to do. That’s
how the teen justified him sneaking into Itachi Uchiha’s office and snooping around his
cases.

It wasn’t that hard to find one that stood out. No name or even code number. The date of
hospitalization also matched. He urgently opened the file and skimmed through the notes.

“Eight hours?” he mumbled, impressed and horrified at the same time. That’s how long the
first operation took. Removal of burned flesh and shrapnel. Kakashi didn’t have to
understand the medical jargon to know that it had to be painful.

All because he abandoned his post as a captain and left her alone… The boy clenched his jaw
and put the file back where he found it. He had to see it for himself. If just to plunge the
kunai of guilt deeper into his soul.

Kakashi stalked the corridors of the hospital until he found the right room. Sharingan really
helped a lot with that. Ryoko’s chakra was something he could not miss, no matter how weak
it was. His hand hovered over the doorknob as he coped to open it.

“No visitors,” another hand was placed on his shoulder. Kakashi glanced over his shoulder to
see none other than Itachi Uchiha himself.

“Ahh, just a quick peek?” he made an innocent smile crinkle his visible eye.

“She’s not something to gawk at, Hatake-san,” auch. The teen looked agitated and tired. His
comment was not the usual example of politeness.

“Hmm… is she… alright?” Kakashi asked after a long pause. He didn’t feel like arguing with
Ryoko’s older brother.

“For now.”

“Why does everyone keep saying that?”

“Because any infection or mild distress could sway the odds,” it was said so plainly and
truthfully that Kakashi didn’t know how to respond. He gave a hesitant nod and pulled his
hand away from the door.

Just as Kakashi was walking away, he heard Itachi’s voice. “Oh, and Hatake-san, I do not
appreciate people snooping around my desk.”



Kakashi pretended like he didn’t hear that. A swirl of leaves was the only thing he left
behind.

━━━━━━━━━━

…

. . .

. . .

It hurt. It hurt all over. It felt like her body was burning from the inside out. And it also felt
like her skin was stretched and puffy. Ryoko was awakened by that pain. She took a shaky
breath trying to keep her composure before actually opening her eyes again.

“Koko?” a familiar voice called for her. It was soft and distant, but she heard him. Ryoko’s
eyes fluttered open to see Itachi looming over her. She wanted to say his name, but he shook
his head. “Don’t speak. Water first, okay?”

It didn’t look like she had much choice. Ryoko winked in understanding and felt a straw
being placed to her lips. This was the best-tasting water she ever had. It felt so fresh and pure.
Ah, it was delicious!

“Good,” Itachi smiled at her. Why was he treating her like a baby? Ryoko tried to shift in her
spot, but a single movement shot a surge of pain through her. The girl cringed.

“Easy now, let me help you,” he gently placed his hands around her shoulders. They were
glowing green and that light brought numbness to her flesh as he adjusted Ryoko to a sitting
position.

Her eyes could now fully see the cause for the pain - bandages. She was covered in them. Her
whole left hand and chest as far as she could see over the hospital gown were covered in
them.

“Oh,” she whispered while taking in the sight. “How long?” she hesitated to ask, but the
sooner she knew the better.

“You’ve been here for two weeks now,” he replied. As soon as Itachi took away his glowing
hands, the pain returned. This time, Ryoko suppressed the frown and endured it in silence.

Her eyes closed to recall the last thing she remembered. It was Minato… a little blond child...
Fox... the vision of her parents… a distant voice asking her to stay… “Everyone else?”
Ryoko rasped as her eyes opened again.

“Everyone is fine. Thanks to you,” Itachi gave her a smile, but it looked sad.

“Don’t be sad, bother,” she tilted her head slightly. Auch. Wrong move. Now she clearly felt
the bandages on her neck too.



“I’m not sad, Ryoko. I am happy to see you awake again,” he was honest, she would know.
Another painful nod later, Ryoko was ready to get this over with.

“When am I getting out?”

“Ah, we’ll have to see what your doctor says,” he smirked. Ryoko scrunched her eyebrows in
a questioning manner. She was under the impression that he was her doctor?

“Finally! You’re awake, brat. Honestly, if I’d have to suffer Orochi any longer, I would be
left with no choice, but to use force to knock you back to the land of the living,” Ryoko
turned to see a tall blond woman enter the room.

“Tsunade-sama?” she croaked out. The rhombus symbol on her forehead was a dead
giveaway.

“That’s right, kid. Now let’s see what we have here,” she spared no introductions and
proceeded to use the same medical ninjutsu as Itachi did. The cool buzzing of chakra washed
over her body like waves in the ocean.

“When can I go?” Ryoko repeated her question.

“Pipe down, child. You are lucky you can still move after your stupid actions out there.”

Ryoko pouted. Sharingan was not stupid… She’s pretty sure Madara-sama used it on a Fox
before. And he was not stupid!

The sannin exhaled deeply and pierced her with honey colored eyes. “Why did you touch the
fox?”

“Contact made it easier to keep the fox under the genjutsu,” it felt like she was revealing clan
secrets, but who cares anymore? Ryoko was pretty sure that nobody was about to repeat her
actions anyways.

More questions followed. How did she feel? How were her eyes? Could she use chakra? And
yes, thank you very much, she could! Sharingan felt nice as she stared at the woman through
her red eyes. Moving her hand was a bit more challenging. It felt like every action would
make her skin rip.

“Alright. Two more weeks here and bed rest at home,” finally Tsunade told her verdict.

“But! I’m fine! I…”

“Shut it, brat. You’ll be here as long as I tell you to be. And I’ll strap you to the bed if I have
to,” the older woman looked serious. “You,” the woman pointed her long manicured finger at
Itachi. “Home. Rest. I don’t want to see you anywhere near the hospital for at least 24 hours.”

Itachi looked like he wanted to disagree, but Ryoko gave him a stern look too. He looked
tired, even she could tell. Eventually, her brother left. Tsunade stayed.

“So, how bad is it really?” Ryoko asked the woman.



“Nothing pretty, I’ll tell you that. There will be scars. But… there are a couple of options…”

“I don’t care about that!” Ryoko wanted to wave her hand but dropped the action after pain
shot through her again after moving. “When can I be back on duty?”

“Ah, well. Mobility will take a while to get back. We have done sessions to regrow the
damaged skin, but it will take some time until you are fully mobile again without damaging
yourself further.”

“Hn.”

━━━━━━━━━━

“ANE!”

Ryoko smirked at the little ravenhead that popped into her room. Sasuke was growing up fast.
He had no trouble walking up to her bed, with watchful Mikoto behind him. The boy stopped
himself just before leaping into her arms.

“Hm? Sasuke? You don’t want to hug me?” she frowned.

“Can I? I won’t hurt you?” the boy was adorable.

“Don’t be ridiculous. Come here,” Ryoko beckoned him. It was all the encouragement
Sasuke needed. He happily smiled and jumped into her bed and into her bandaged arms.
Ryoko suppressed a wince from the sudden impact. Holding Sasuke close to her was worth it.

“Sasuke-kun, calm down,” Mikoto said gently.

“It’s fine, mother.”

“Hn.”

“Hn.”

“Father will stop by later, after work.”

“Ah, you really don’t have to come here every day,” Ryoko rolled her eyes. After she had
woken up, her family kept a strict visiting schedule. She swears that she had seen them more
than when she actually lived at home.

Even Obito with Shisui made time to see her. Once, at night, Ryoko could swear she sensed a
familiar lightning chakra outside the window. Her ANBU team stopped by on a couple of
occasions. Along with the Hokage who thanked her until Ryoko had to fake sleep to get him
to leave. There was only one person that had not shown his face yet…

“Nonsense! Besides, we are also visiting Kushina-san later,” Mikoto chirped.

“Hn. How are they?”



“She is almost fully recovered! Miraculous healing skills, every medic said so.”

“So I’ve heard,” Ryoko reclined to her pillows, while Sasuke cuddled to her side. Gently she
brushed his untamed black hair. Itachi already filled her in about the tailed beasts healing
abilities. Of course, the damage made on the woman's chakra coils is almost irreversible, but
she would live. As well as their newborn daughter.

“Uchiha-sama, Uchiha-hime,” the gentle voice took their attention to the gray-haired boy
who entered the room.

“Ah, Kabuto-kun, nice to see you,” Mikoto smiled at him. “I’ve heard you started an
apprenticeship under Lady Tsunade?”

“Yes. Thanks to Itachi-sama’s recommendations,” the boy bowed with respect. He could be a
carbon copy of her older brother if not for the difference in looks. His manners were pristine,
no wonder the two got along so well. “I am sorry to say, but visiting hours are over. I am here
to continue with treatment.”

Ryoko frowned. Hospital. She hated them before, but now… She would never step a foot in
here again. Reluctantly, Sasuke was taken away and her mother left.

“If I may, Uchiha-hime,” he said curtly. She nodded and heaved herself up into a sitting
position. It would be embarrassing if not for the respectable manner Kabuto handled himself
in. He gently yet efficiently lifted her gown and started to redress her bandages.

“Uchiha-hime?”

“Hn?”

“Maybe you reconsidered? The treatment would be very effective to reduce scarring…”

“No. I am not putting fish skin on my skin.”

She noticed a smirk on his lips. “Well, technically you don’t have skin.”

“Yet.”

“Yet. The last procedure is tomorrow, but… I would still strongly recommend that you
reconsider.”

“Listen, smartass, I don’t care about scars as long as I can still cast jutsu and move.”

“I see,” he nodded and continued applying the medicine on her. The cold of it was soothing.
But still, she hoped it would be all over soon.

━━━━━━━━━━

It felt like an end to an era, when in actuality it was just an end to a very long year. Ryoko
was finally back at home with her family. Tsunade performed the last surgery to regenerate a
layer of skin. It still felt tender and weak, but it was a start.



Ryoko stood in front of her mirror wearing only underwear. Her fingers traced over the scars.
Even a minor touch sent tingling pain to her nerves. Annoying. Itachi assured her that it
would pass, but her patience was wearing off.

It had been a month since everything happened. She was still under house rest and off the
mission roster. “So weak…” she muttered before applying medicine as Kabuto taught her to.
Then bandages followed.

She smirked. If her hair was cut shorter, she could probably pass as Obito now. That was an
amusing thought…

“Ryoko! Are you ready?” her mother called.

“Yes,” she said tying the bandage around her waist. Her clothing hid most of it. Only her left
arm was still bandaged to the tips of her fingers and her neck… Ryoko inhaled and stepped
outside into the garden. There was a table with generous amounts of food and her family
around it. This. This is what she was fighting for.

“Happy birthday, cousin,” Shisui appeared next to her and gave a hug before the girl could
even greet him.

“Ryoko-san, happy birthday,” a tall woman approached next with Obito by her side.

“Kyoko-san,” she bowed her head slightly. They’ve met a few times now. It was still a bit
awkward, but the woman was her family. She was Obito’s mother. She was someone Ryoko
would protect too.

Maybe my fourteenth year in this world would be better? Ryoko thought looking over her
family with hidden tenderness in her eyes. Together they would surely be okay.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Note, tilapia (fish) skin is applied directly onto the burned area and covered with a
bandage, without the need for any cream to heal burn victims.

P.S. Apologies for the delay on this chapter, I was consumed by a K-drama :D sorry, not
sorry!



Chapter 33: In the Belly of a Snake
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ryoko was going out of her mind from boredom. She was not only banned from missions but
training as well! She felt like a child again. So she slept. A lot. And just like in her youth,
Mikoto quickly fed up with that behavior and forcefully dragged her out to Nara compound.

That wasn’t such a bad thing really. Ryoko was already fed up with her clansman whispering
behind her back. She heard them complain. The displeasure among Uchiha was growing. To
Ryoko, it sounded rather immature, but she could not blame them too much.

For the most part, her clan was getting restless from Danzo being still alive. And now, after
the nine tails attack, you would think Uchiha would get the gratitude and respect they
deserve? No, of course not. People feared the power of sharingan. Their reputation was very
much like during the warring era.

“You okay, kid?” Shikaku’s voice brought Ryoko back from her thoughts.

“Hn.”

“Your game is sloppy today,” he remarked, claiming another of her pieces.

“Old man, do you know if Orochimaru-sensei is still out on a mission?”

Who would have thought that her sensei would become the diplomatic liaison with the
villages that in one way or another harmed her? Ryoko was highly impressed to learn that.
Her respect for sensei's self-control was never higher. She wasn’t even upset anymore that he
didn’t visit her in the hospital. But she still missed him…

“Ah, I think he should be back tomorrow,” Nara answered with a kind and knowing smile.

“Hn. Wanna bet on our next game?” she smirked.

“No chance in hell.”

━━━━━━━━━━

“Do I have to go?” Ryoko frowned, tugging her shirt over freshly changed bandages. It was a
warm night, so for once, the girl wore something without sleeves, compensated only by a
high turtle neck. It was reminiscent of her ANBU uniform. She sighed.

“Yes, cousin! We have to celebrate!” Obito chirped from the other side of her bedroom door.

“I still don’t see anything special that should be celebrated…” Ryoko would have rather spent
her night asleep, but here she was, unable to turn down an invitation from her favorite cousin.



She sighed again and tied her Leaf headband over her bicep, conveniently covering her
ANBU tattoo.

“Well, for one, Itachi is not here to stop us,” the boy chuckled when she finally stepped out.
That was true. Her big brother would surely be opposed to her going to a bar. But he was
away with father on clan business.

“Still..”

“Second,” Obito cut her off as they walked outside. “If you stay inside any longer, people
will start thinking that you’re detained or something.”

She scoffed. That was a ridiculous claim. Ryoko was pretty sure that her cousin was full of
shit. But he was entertaining, so she allowed it. Shisui met them by the gates of the
compound. This combination would not end well, she could feel it.

As they walked down the evening streets of the village, some people openly stared. Either
because they were Uchiha, or because of Obito’s looks, or because of Ryoko’s bandages. You
could hardly pick a single reason for the looks they received.

“Shisui, I think you’re not fitting in,” she said randomly.

“Huh?” the boy looked dumbfounded with innocent big eyes staring at her in confusion.

“Princess, that’s mean,” Obito chuckled. “But, we could always beat him up to match us if
you want?”

“Nah, he’ll probably risk his life stupidly sooner or later,” Ryoko shrugged.

“Or maybe! I’m just that good that I can get away with it without being disfigured!” Shisui
finally caught on to her insinuations. They all laughed unaffected or insulted by the dark
humor. It was refreshing to have someone to talk to who didn’t tiptoe about her injuries.

They ended up in a shinobi bar. Ryoko was never the one to go out with friends. For that, you
would need to have friends in the first place… But this felt nice. She got a drink and settled
by a table in the back with Shisui and Obito by her sides.

Ryoko, even being only fourteen, was considered an adult in Konoha. Back in her past life, it
would be different. Even though drinking happened far too often, it was still illegal. Not like
anyone cared too much about teenage drinking problems… It’s good to be a shinobi. She
guessed that some needed the haze to forget the blood on their hands. She just liked the taste
of it.

“Jeez, you would think shinobi would be more discrete,” Obito shook his head slightly. He
was right. Other patrons in the bar did not hide their curiosity over the trio.

There was a group of Hyuga who sent chills with their blank eyes. Ryoko noticed her former
teammate Viper among the group and gave him a covert ‘hello’ with a hand sign. There were
a few other jonin and chunin around, but she didn’t care to look for familiar faces.



“So, Obito, any advice on the whole ‘scared survivor look’ you have going?” she smirked
over her tall glass.

“Well, first, don’t wear stripes,” he said seriously.

“Cousin, how can you be so chill about it? I mean… you’re a girl and all… and usually girls
care about how they look,” Shisui asked then.

“Hm,” Ryoko took a moment to think. Then her eyes darted to the distance, she leaned closer
to her cousin and pointed with her finger in the same direction as her eyes were looking.
“Shisui, look there. Do you see it?”

“Huh? What?”

“There, in the distance, the last fuck I gave about other people's opinion just disappeared.
Majestic,” she wiped away an imaginary tear. The boys laughed, she liked to hear them
laugh.

“Boy… Bakashi was right. You do curse,” Obito shook his head. Ryoko shrugged. Not like
she was hiding it. It’s not her fault that her family was not insufferable therefore did not test
her temper, unlike Kakashi.

They all drank in silence for a bit. The bar was busy with new patrons coming in and others
leaving. It looked like today was the ‘karaoke night’. Drunk enough shinobi had no trouble
getting on the stage and sing out of tune songs. It was hard for Ryoko not to cringe.
Especially when one Hyuga girl took the spotlight and pulled what Ryoko could only
describe as a ‘Britney ™’ vocal run. She cringed.

“Hime, you can sing, right?” Shisui poked her in the ribs.

“No.”

“Oh, why not?” Obito joined in.

“You will stop this train of thought if you know what’s good for you,” she frowned. But the
idea was already out there in the void and some mysterious power decided to act on it.
Ryoko’s sharp eyes noticed the same Hyuga girl approaching their table. Hyuga had a
saccharine smile on her face.

“How nice to see you out and about, Ryoko-chan,” the girl said after nonchalantly taking a
seat by their table.

“You know her?” Shisui whispered not so quietly.

“Oh who doesn’t know Ryoko-chan these days?” the girl smiled. “I am actually surprised you
couraged to go out looking… like that,” her eyes pointedly dropped to Ryokos’s neck and left
arm. Even without pupils, it was easy to tell what the Hyuga was talking about.

Ryoko didn’t want to even bother responding to that. She was not insulted or touched by the
girl's jabs. Teenage rivalry or whatever this was, never concerned Ryoko. But after another



moment, the girl finally remembered where she had met this Hyuga.

“We were in the Academy,” Ryoko said. The Hyuga girl’s smile looked strained for a second.
Yes, this was one of those girls who talked behind her back. One of those who thought her to
be only an entitled bookworm.

“That’s right,” the girl confirmed. “We had a spar during your first week.”

Ryoko wanted to smirk but didn’t. Yes, that she remembered. How the girl got annoyed and
eventually fell to the ground beaten by a child. “Hn.”

“Soooo, Ryoko-chan, please do share. Are you really not upset that people no longer adore
you? I think most fear you now. Think of you as some monster, as truly it would take one to
beat one,” the woman spoke softly, but her words were anything but soft.

Shisui’s chakra simmered dangerously out of balance, but Ryoko put her hand on his arm to
calm her cousin down. With one look, she made him stay silent instead of the protest he was
about to yell out. Ryoko turned her head back at the Hyuga and smiled with a Kakashi level
of fake smiles.

“I think if you have any sort of intelligence you can't succumb to adoration because people
adore so many things. They also adore things that you might think quite worthless so you
can't take it too seriously,” she casually said.

It took a moment for the Hyuga to realize that she was basically called stupid. Props to the
woman, as she laughed to camouflage her lack of a rebuttal.

“Ah, you’re sooo funny, Ryoko-chan. Hey, you should sing then, in front of everyone. if you
really don’t care,” Hyuga shoved a microphone to her expecting Ryoko to have cold feet.
This was a challenge. A test on Ryoko’s pride and words she just said.

“Ohhh, I don’t know…” Ryoko feigned hesitance but finally smirked. “But if you insist.”

She wasn’t sure what came over her. Ryoko only had a minute to panic in her mind as she
made her way to the stage. Everyone’s eyes were on her. She felt like an animal in a zoo or a
circus. But if they wanted to stare, she would give them this one chance. And if her song will
hold veiled threats, well, nobody would comment, she hopped.

Ryoko used to love music in the past life. She wasn’t a singer then. She wasn’t one now. Yet
she was blessed with her mother's voice when she tried a few times to hold a melody.
Uchiha's genes never stopped to amaze her.

The noise in the bar fell into a silent murmur. They all waited for her to fail. Ryoko stepped
on the stage, took a breath, and started the first song that came to her mind. It was a song
everyone liked. It was like an anthem in her past, so it had a good chance to work here too if
she changed some of the lyrics just right...

“I'm gonna fight 'em off. An elemental army couldn't hold me back. They're gonna rip it off.
Taking their time right behind my back,” she snapped her fingers in the right rhythm. The



band quickly felt her mood and joined in in a slow jazzy style.

“And I'm talkin' to myself at night Because I can't forget. UUuhhh, Back and forth through
my mind Behind a cigarette,” as she sang, Ryoko’s eyes made contact with other shinobi. She
would force them to relate. To find a bit of themselves in this song. It was a universal
phenomenon. Every shinobi in this place had things on their mind they could not forget.

“And the message comin' from my eyes says, ‘Leave it alone’,” she was serious and clearly
sending the message to everyone watching: ‘Leave me the fuck alone because everyone was
in the same spot one way or the other’. She continued with her nondirect way of saying ‘fuck
off’ via a song.

“Don't wanna hear about it. Every single one's got a story to tell. Everyone knows about it,
yeah. From the Fire Daimyo to the hounds of hell,” her eyes stopped at each person who
looked as burdened as Ryoko was presumed to be. Just looking in their eyes, she could tell
they felt it.

“And if I catch it comin' back my way. I'm gonna serve it to you,” pointedly Ryoko glanced at
the Hyuga girl who was fuming with displeasure in the back of the bar.

“And that ain't what you want to hear, But that's what I'll do,” she smirked. “And the feeling
coming from my bones says, ‘Protect your home’.”

Ryoko just let go. She let the music guide her voice into casual vocal play. It was rather
liberating. “I'm going on a Mission. Far from this Academy forevermore. I'm gonna work the
kunai or Make the sweat drip out of every pore!”

It turned out to be not that hard to switch the words around, but make complete sense in a
shinobi context. Ryoko was proud of herself. She hoped that White Stripes would be proud of
her too…

“And I'm bleeding, and I'm bleeding, and I'm bleeding, Right before my Kage,” at this part,
Ryoko allowed for her emotions to show. The frustration, the anger, the dedication. She
wasn’t an emotionless puppet. She was a person.

“All the chakra is gonna bleed from me And I will see no more… And the stains comin' from
my blood tell me, ‘Go back home’.”

By the end of it, others joined in to the ‘ooooh oh oh oooh ohh’ part of the song. It was a
bonding experience. Ryoko counted this as a victory as she stepped off the stage and returned
to her table.

“How was that?” she smiled sweetly handing the microphone back to the Hyuga girl. Before
the woman could even grasp it, Ryoko let go and the microphone fell to the ground. No, she
was not petty, even if it looked like it.

“Damn, hime, you really can sing,” Shisui pushed a new glass for her to drink with a wide
smile. The Hyuga girl fled away without another word.



“Just wanted to make a point,” she shrugged, taking a small sip. After the mission with
Kakashi, she didn’t want to risk getting drunk again.

“Yeah, you were not too discreet about it,” Obito chuckled.

“DAMN GIIIIRL!” Anko appeared with a loud bag of her bottle hitting their table. She took
a seat next to Obito. Her eyes were viciously mischievous. Somewhere, in the back of her
mind, Ryoko thought that adding Anko in the mix with Obito and Shisui would not end well
for anyone involved… She ignored that thought and smiled just for a second at the woman.

“Anko. Have you met my cousins before?”

“We’ve met,” the woman poked Obito’s side. They looked familiar with each other. “I’m
internshipping at T&I,” she added to answer Ryoko’s unspoken question.

This was going to be interesting.

━━━━━━━━━━

Orochimaru returned in the dead of night. He felt much calmer now after visiting the Land of
Sound on his way. But now, he was desperate to see his student again. Just to make sure that
she is still there. Alive.

He summoned his snake that had kept watch over her for the past month and got her current
location, which surprisingly was not the Uchiha compound.

“What do you think you’rrrre doing?” he asked drily the teens casually swimming in a lake as
he stood on top of its surface.

“SENSEI!” Ryoko yelped and swam towards him. Her cheeks were slightly red, and although
she did not smell of alcohol, he could tell she was drunk.

“Orochimaru-sama! Aww, you came to join us?” the girl's cousin gave him a dopey smile.
Shisui, was it? While Ryoko struggled to climb to the surface of the lake. The sannin tsk’ed
his tongue.

“No chakra,” he chastised the girl grabbing onto her collar and pulling her up. She looked
like a wet cat dangling in the air from his arm.

“Aww, sensei! I missed you!” her hands reached out, but he kept her at a safe distance so as
to not get wet. Orochimaru sighed and averted his eyes to the other three idiots in the lake.

“Don’t drownnnn, I’m taking Ryoko for a while,” Orochimaru finally said before jumping
away. Kami knows he did not want to find out what Obito and Anko were doing under the
water. Better to leave before they could even try to think of an explanation for this nonsense.

“Oh, I think I’m gonna be sick,” Ryoko wobbled on her feet after they appeared in his home.

“Don’t even think about it,” he shot a warning stare at the girl. She gave a thumbs up instead
of a nod and took a couple of long breaths.



He looked her over carefully. She was alive. She was well. She was there. It reminded the
man of how light his heart felt the first time Tsunade reported on her condition getting better.

“Yourrrrrr bandages are ruined, what were you thinking, child?” he said instead of the words
his mind wanted to say. He wanted to say just how much he missed Ryoko. He wanted to say
how much she worried him.

“Ah, I’m pretty sure we were not thinking much,” the girl shrugged. Yes, that sounded about
right. He exhaled.

“Come,” the snake turned to leave to his study. The girl trailed behind him. Never out of his
field of vision. After a few minutes of searching, he pulled out a scroll.

“Write your name in herrrrre,” he ordered. Ryoko looked closely at the paper presented
before her.

“Mmm, sensei? But… I already have summons?”

Clever girl. He wanted to smile but didn’t. “That’ssss not a problem. Now do it.”

“Alright, sensei,” the smile on her face was full of trust and confidence. She would do
anything he asked for and it warmed his empty insides.

Even if Orochimaru was away, he still got regular updates on Ryoko. He was aware of her
health and mental status. It worried him, that she kept herself isolated for a long while. He
feared that she might eventually turn out just like him. That is why he made this decision to
share his contract with the snakes.

It might sound counterintuitive, but there was a reason for it. He wanted Ryoko to shed her
old skin. He wanted her to grow unburdened by the marks left on her by the monster. That is
why he was ready to share one of his more guarded secrets with her. Just like Ryoko trusted
him, Orochimaru trusted her.

When the final kanji was left with blood, Orochimaru summoned a pair of snakes. Without
another word, snakes coiled around them and poofed out of existence and into the realm of
serpents. Dragon Ground Cave.

“Oh, I’m really gonna puke now,” Ryoko tumbled to the side and indeed emptied her
stomach this time. Orochimaru reminded himself that he would have to have a talk with her
cousins.

“Come,” he ordered the girl when she was all done. They walked in silence deeper into the
cave. Snakes slithered in the shadows whispering about their presence. It has been a long
time since another human stepped a foot in here.

Ryoko didn’t question where they were or why they were going there and that is another
reason Orochimaru was fond of the girl. Even dazed she was clever enough to figure it out.

“OROCHIMARU!” Manda’s voice echoed from a distance. The colossal snake wasted no
time attacking them. Sannin ignored the creature and with Ryoko securely grabbed in his



arms, dashed further into the depths of the cave.

“White Ssssnake Sage,” he bowed slightly before the elder. Split eyes stared curiously at the
girl he placed before the snake.

“You’ve changed, Orochimarrrru,” the sage said after a while.

“Hn,” he didn’t think so, but arguing would not be wise.

“Very well. I have heard your requesssst before, and I will honor it. I am curioussss to see
where the flame of your world will take you next,” the sage nodded as his jaw clicked and
opened up wider.

“Sensei?” Ryoko turned to him clearly unsure of what was about to happen.

“Don’t fight it, child. I’ll see you again sssssoon,” he smirked and watched as the great white
snake ate Ryoko in one quick move.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Sensei?!” she yelled one last time before the world around her changed into what could only
be described as a belly of a snake, which it was.

Ryoko held her breath unsure if she could even breathe in here. She felt pressure from every
side. This sucked. Yet it felt oddly soothing too. Calming even. Maybe she was crazy, but
Ryoko felt safe in here. Or maybe it was the leftover alcohol in her system making the girl
drowsy.

He said not to fight it… Ryoko recalled as her eyes closed. If this is how she dies, so be it.
Her body relaxed and she succumbed to the warmth. Sleep came to her like an old friend.

Such a calm, little thing you are.. she heard a foreign voice in her head.

Hello? Ryoko said, ignoring the absurdity of everything that was happening.

Do you trust Orochimaru this much? the voice asked.

Yes. She answered without hesitation.

Why?

He is good. He cares about me. He understands me. I care about him. I understand him. I
love him as a father. Her thoughts blurred as she could not stop them. This was definitely not
like speaking where you can control what comes out of your mouth. She would never be so
blunt otherwise. But it was the truth.

I see. Your thoughts are sincere and true. I do not doubt you. The voice said again. She felt a
shift around her. Her skin was tingling as if she was high on ecstasy. Maybe she was.



There was pressure again. Ryoko almost wanted to stay where she was, but all good things
eventually come to an end. Her eyes opened to see a light in the distance. She was headed
towards it.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

This is how I imagine Ryoko's singing went: Youtube Video

This video greatly inspired the plot for this fic for me.



Chapter 34: Back on Track

The first breath of air felt like it burned her lungs. It was oddly similar to her birth in this
world. Ryoko would have laughed if she could. As it goes now, the girl was unceremoniously
spit out on the cold cave floor. She was covered in slime and shivering from the sensations
going through her body.

“Sensei?” she called out weakly while her eyes adjusted to the dim light. The man
approached her carefully. She looked up at his pale face searching for an explanation.

“Goooood. You’rrrre alive.”

“What… what do you mean?” Ryoko blinked.

“Well, if the ssssage didn’t deem you fit, he would have devourrred you,” he shrugged.

“Hn,” probably Ryoko should be mad at him for being placed in a situation like that. But she
wasn’t. Of course, she would be good enough, she was an Uchiha. The girl nodded and tried
to stand up. It was a hard task as every part of her body was slippery.

Her drunkenness was gone, so was the pain and other sensations. Ryoko felt oddly calm. As
she continued to struggle with standing, Orochimaru finally gave in and wrapped his arm
around her shoulders to steady the girl.

Ryoko pressed to his side and sighed with relief. She really missed him. So that’s what she
murmured into his chest.

“I’m here now, my child,” he responded brushing one hand over her long hair. “Let’ssss go
home.”

Ryoko barely nodded and they were gone. Dragged through the vortex of transportation jutsu.
She didn’t feel as dizzy this time, but definitely not pleasant either.

“Take a bath,” Orochimaru ordered as he guided her into his bathroom. Ryoko had some
sense to nod before she was left alone.

I wonder how much of that was me being drunk and how much was real… she contemplated
while peeling off each layer of her clothing. Then she took off the bandages and paused.

“Huh,” the girl muttered, brushing her fingers over what used to be open wounds, muscle,
and burn marks. It was all gone. The skin felt sensitive, but it was skin! Her own flesh!

“Oookay… I’m just not gonna ask…” she shrugged, accepting whatever magic was done to
her. Being from a normal, no chakra, world, it was easy for Ryoko to accept all the weird
things of the shinobi world. If they could spew fire from their mouths then healing inside a
snake was not the oddest thing.



She washed the slime carefully and slowly. With mild adoration to how the sense of touch
felt to her skin now. As far as she checked, everything else on her body was left untouched.
Her ANBU tattoo was in its place. That one scar on her torso was still there. All her body
parts were there. No harm, no foul, was her eventual summary of the situation.

When she stepped out of the bathroom, wrapped in a towel, Orochimaru was already waiting
for her with a cup of tea. His golden eyes looked closely at her visible neck and left arm. The
man motioned her to step closer. His green-lit healing hands hovered over her.

“Go to Tsunade tomorrow forrrr a final checkup.”

“Yes, Sensei.”

“Oh, and Ryoko.”

“Hn?”

“Don’t ever do that again,” the snake looked more angry than serious.

“Sensei?”

“Going alone againsssst a tailed beast. You were barely alive when I found you.”

“Ah, I’m sorry, sensei, but…”

“But?” he arched one delicate eyebrow in question laced with mild irritation.

“I had to protect everyone.”

“And who will protect you?” he chastised. Ryoko could hardly believe that her sensei would
ever get this worked up. It’s not her first brush with death and probably not the last. When in
doubt, kill them with kindness, she thought, approaching the man who still sent cold daggers
in her direction.

Ryoko wrapped her hands around his waist tightly. “I’m sorry, sensei. I’ll be more careful.”

“Don’t think I don’t know what you’rrrrre doing, you manipulative little brrrat,” he scoffed
but there was no heat behind his words. Actually, Ryoko could tell that he was smirking from
his voice alone. She chuckled still pressed close to him.

“Alright, I am not that sorry. But I do apologize for worrying you, sensei. I would never want
to distress you.”

Orochimaru let out an exasperated sigh. “Your existence is distressssssing me,” he whispered,
but his hands already moved to return the hug. He was so kind, Ryoko was proved right once
again about her assessment of the sannin.

━━━━━━━━━━



“Hn, it’s a weird sannin thing, ask them,” Ryoko shrugged to the bewildered expression on
Itachi’s face.

“Incredible,” her brother muttered, examining her once again. She didn’t speak a word of the
snake contract or the details of how the healing happened. She was a bit ashamed to tell her
father that she signed another contract behind his back.

At least now Tsunade cleared her to resume training. Missions were still under debate to
Ryoko’s dismay. With a scowl, she took what she could get. Ryoko booked the training
grounds number 7 and spent there the whole morning practicing jutsu.

Her left arm felt pretty normal. The odd thing happened only when she used more chakra -
strange marks would appear on her skin. Like shadows resembling a crackling of lightning.
Proof of her former injuries.

It was mid-day when Ryoko finally took a break. She summoned one of her cats and watched
it play around with tall grass. At least her first contract was still valid, it was a relief. The girl
leaned in the shadow of a tall tree and closed her eyes.

“Yo,” a familiar voice called from above.

“Bakashi,” she greeted without opening her eyes. The teen was probably here to taunt her,
she guessed. But the day was so warm and nice, that she did not feel like indulging him.

“Nice pussy,” he remarked innocently.

Ryoko cracked a small smile. She wondered if he was even aware of the innuendo. “Thanks.
Cats are way better than dogs.”

She felt Kakashi appear next to her. His shadow looming over her. “Oooh? Is that so?”

“Hn.”

She heard a clung of a kunai and then a poof of smoke around them.

“What’s up, boss?”

“Boss?” Ryoko opened one eye and looked over Kakashi’s pack.

Kakashi ignored her sarcasm and turned to a little pug. “My friend here, says that cats are
better than dogs.”

“They are faster for sure,” Ryoko supplied the fuel to the upcoming argument.

“Hmm, that could be true,” the pug nodded to Ryoko’s amusement. She chuckled. Kakashi
grabbed his heart as if wounded.

“Hmm, Bakashi, I think my cat is even faster than you.”

“Bullshit.”



“Try catching it then,” she smirked at him. The teen looked torn, but it was a well-known
secret that Hatake was competitive. Gai proved it on a daily basis.

“Fine. If I catch it, you owe me.”

“Fine.”

“Fine.”

And Kakashi was off chasing her black ball of fur that darted into the trees. She snickered
wishing him good luck. This particular cat was one of the fastest from her summons. And
covert too.

“Sooo, boss lady, have any treats?” the pug poked her hand with his wet nose.

“Nop. I can give you a belly rub if you want?” she suggested instead. Kami, she actually
liked animals a lot. Dogs were soft and cuddly. And Kakashi’s pack was all for getting free
pets.

Eventually, they settled around her. Ryoko hugged the one named Guruko, who looked more
than content to lay his head on her chest. The big one, Bull, served her as a pillow. The
smallest one, Pakkun, rested on her thighs and others just lounged around.

It was nice and warm. In no time Ryoko fell asleep right there on the training grounds. She
missed when Kakashi finally returned with her cat in his hands. She missed how he stared at
her. She missed how Pakkun refused to leave just yet. She missed how Guruko nuzzled closer
in between her breasts. She was just happily dreaming of killing shinobi. What a life.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Welcome back, Taicho,” Panda perked up when she stepped into the meeting room. Her Fox
mask was fixed and back in place on her face. It has been a month since Tsunade cleared her
for training and finally, she got back to shadow ranks.

“Yeah yeah, spare me the pleasantries, we have a mission,” the mask hid her mischievous
smile, but her excitement was evident in her tone.

An hour of planning and team Shi was back in business and out of Konoha. Their mission
was to infiltrate a noble estate and get evidence of trading with a local mercenary gang. Easy
enough, considering their team skills. Or so they thought.

“Seriously?” Lynx whispered as they observed the gates to the estate.

“Yeah, looks like they have some barrier against henges and genjutsu,” Ryoko confirmed
after deactivating her sharingan. But they were shinobi for a reason. “It's a temporary
setback. It's a momentary loss. Let’s take shifts and observe who comes in and out.”

“Yes, Captain,” her pupils responded in chorus.



After a few days of watch, their target was set. They noticed a woman, clearly a lady of the
night, visiting the estate every other evening with her entourage.

“Taicho, how will we get over the barrier?”

“We’ll use the plain old art of disguise,” she smirked. “Cobra, your task is to intercept the
woman. I will pose as her. Lynx, Panda, you will come with me. Cobra will keep watch
outside and over the victims, in case they come to it before we’re done.”

“Yes, Captain.”

They planned carefully for every possible outcome until the night of action came to be. Cobra
used one of his paralytic poisons to subdue the woman and her carriage handler. The two
were tied in a secure location.

“Alright, how does this look?” Ryoko asked as she stepped out of the carriage wearing one of
the women's kimono. It was in a dark blue shade with intricate embroidery of sparrows. It
was a bit tight on her chest, but nothing too bad. She left all weapons behind as her eyes
would be enough for this mission.

“Emm,” Panda stuttered looking her over, while Lynx gave a nod, and Cobra just tensed in
his place.

“Well?” she asked again impatiently pinning each of them in place with her stern gaze.

“It will work,” Cobra finally cleared his throat. She nodded and turned to look over the bound
woman. She couldn't just go dressed as her. She needed to know exactly what would be
expected of her.

Ryoko crouched by the woman as much as the kimono allowed, and carefully pried one of
the woman’s eyelids open. Her sharingan delved into the woman's memories similarly as she
did to Raikage.

“Seriously? Why am I not surprised…” Ryoko sighed after watching over some of the
memories.

“Is something wrong?” Panda asked.

“No. The usual. Alright, let’s move,” she stood up brushing the wrinkles away. Her posture
straightened and for once Ryoko did look like a noble Uchiha hime people thought her to be.

Panda and Lynx also changed from their uniforms into regular attire. From the memories, she
saw, it looked like the men with the woman served as her guards. That served them well, as
nobody would question her team's masculine built.

━━━━━━━━━━

Panda respected his captain. He really did. Fox was amazing in ninjutsu, strong, smart and
fair. But damn did she look good in a kimono. He would have lost his cool if not for all the
ANBU training he went through to control emotions.



He had never seen her out of the uniform before. Not even in the village. She was like a
ghost. He knew of her of course. Who didn’t? Young Uchiha hime in ANBU? She was talked
about. He also had seen her face before…

But the combination of it with her in feminine clothing… it was almost too much. He sighed
raining stray thoughts back to the mission in front of them. Passing through the gate guards
was easy enough.

Fat and imposing noble of the estate greeted them. As per the captain's instructions, he and
Lynx kept quiet and followed the pair inside. They were left standing outside the bedroom
door, waiting for the signal word.

“Relax,” Lynx whispered to him.

“I am relaxed,” he uttered fidgeting in the spot. Chakra enhanced hearing allowed them to
listen in on what was happening in the room.

“You’ve been naughty,” he heard Fox say in a commanding tone. Kami, it was all too
familiar to him. She would use the same tone commanding them around! Then there was a
sound of something cracking the air.

“Is that…?” he glanced at Lynx.

“Yes. A whip,” his comrade confirmed. Panda swallowed thickly… Man, he wouldn't mind if
Fox used a whip on him… He quickly shook his head to banish that particular thought for
later.

Then there was a manly yelp and a few more cracks of the whip. “Please, mistress, punish
me,” they heard the noble whimper.

“Silence! Did I allow you to speak?” the captain's voice sounded sweet yet still menacing.
“We have a looong night ahead of us.”

Lynx straightened up. That was their agreed signal phrase. His comrade nodded once and
disappeared in the shadows to collect evidence. Panda was left standing there on guard.

Stay professional… this is a mission… Panda told himself as he listened to the undignified
yelps from the other side of the door. Yet his imagination supplied plenty of material to be
distracted by. He could just see Fox in that kimono with a whip doing all kinds of things to
him...

When Lynx finally returned, Panda was tense and rigid in his spot by the doors. He never
imagined for their captain to have such dirty talk skills. He was impressed and aroused at the
same time.

“You okay?” Lynx gave him a look.

“Mhm,” Panda stammered out.



Another hour passed before Fox finally emerged. She sighed. “Had to leave marks on him,
genjutsu alone would not be enough,” she explained the delay. “Ready to go?”

“Yes,” Lynx nodded, patting his chest casually, where copies of documents were stashed.
Panda tried his best to look into the captain's eyes instead of where his eyes really wanted to
wander…

The trip back to Konoha was like one big blur to him. He could still hear her voice ordering
the nobel around. He would never look at Fox the same way again. Oh, he was going to hell
for sure, but his mind still wondered… does taicho have a boyfriend?

━━━━━━━━━━

The New Year's celebration came once more to Konoha. Ryoko refused to leave her sensei
behind and dutifully approached his estate. She knocked twice before the door opened. To her
surprise, it was not Orochimaru who greeted her.

“Oh,” she smiled.

“Long time no see, kiddo,” Cherry smiled at her too. Long pink hair was flowing off the
man’s shoulders tied in a loose ponytail in the end. He looked pretty, just as she remembered.

“Ryoko Uchiha, nice to meet you. Again,” she formally introduced, bowing her head.

“So I’ve heard,” the man chuckled.

“Is sensei home?”

Cherry stepped aside to let her enter. As he was closing the door, he yelled to the back of the
house. “Sugarboo, your kid is here.”

Ryoko did not even try to suppress her happy smile. To think that her sensei finally made a
move to bring his mate into the village? This was a big development. “Sensei! You have to
join the celebrations this year,” she chirped stepping into the living room area.

Orochimaru was just stepping out of his bedroom quarters adjusting the festive kimono as he
walked. “She’ssss not my kid, Cherry,” the man sighed. Yet the way he reciprocated Ryoko’s
welcoming hug would say otherwise.

After all that happened, Ryoko got used to greeting Orochimaru this way. She wanted him to
know how much she cared about him, even if she disobeyed some of his orders. Especially
when her safety was concerned.

“Cherry, you have to meet my brother!” Ryoko finally pulled away to glance at the tall man.

“Ryoko! Thissss…” Orochimaru was about to protest, but she would not have any of this.

“Sensei! It’s fine! If you brought Cherry-san back here from Sound, then it means it is safe
enough. And eventually, I will introduce Cherry-san to everyone anyways, so might as well



do that today,” she said. Ryoko was not an idiot. She knew why Orochimaru kept his private
life away from Konoha.

It was definitely not about what others would say. If her sensei cared about such things, he
would do a lot of things differently. No, as a sannin, Orochimaru was a prime target material.
With Konoha having Root issues, it was no surprise that the man was paranoid about showing
things that would make him vulnerable.

Ryoko was living proof of that. On a few occasions, Orochimaru tried to apologize blaming
himself for her being targeted by Danzo. But now, Konoha felt safer. Maybe not entirely
cleansed yet, but they were getting there.

“Hmm, fine,” the snake finally folded and gave in.

Ryoko smiled brighter. She was excited to have the most important person with his
significant other during tonight's celebration.

“She has you wrapped around her finger, doesn’t she?” Cherry chuckled. He wasn’t wrong.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 35: From 14 to 15

You would think that ANBU is just a collection of strangers that part ways after a mission is
completed. You would be wrong. You could think of ANBU teams as more dysfunctional
genin teams. You would be wrong again.

The bond between comrades who go on missions that 90 percent of the time could end in
death is something beyond these concepts. You bond over the pain and blood and sweat.
They are more like a distant yet close family.

At least that’s how Ryoko saw her team. Or maybe that was endless hours of training and
missions making them bond. Either way, after all that happened last year, she felt overly
protective over her boys. She drilled them without mercy.

After the training, they would even eat together in the mass hall in ANBU HQ. Who would
have thought that there would be warm food waiting for shadow ranks 24/7? When you think
about it, it makes sense. After some missions… you cannot just go back to the village. You
need downtime in a safe space.

Today team Shi followed this pattern. They trained, changed, and went to eat together. Ryoko
took a bit longer changing (curse them breasts), so when she got to the mass hall, her team
was already seated with their food.

Panda gave her a wave indicating that he grabbed her a tray as well. What a good boy. She sat
down next to them feeling positively tired.

“Fox!” she turned her head slightly to see Cheetah come her way with a bright smile.

“Cheetah.”

The woman sat next to her and placed her food on the table. “Haven’t seen you in ages! Oy,
Viper! Drag your ass here!” the blond turned to call over her former teammate to the same
table. The Hyuga man came together with Wolf.

“Senpai,” Ryoko nodded to her former captain. He looked well. Alive at least.

Cheetah’s bubbly personality easily started the conversation between the two teams. They
shared some of their stories that normally would not be spoken of while eating, by normal
shinobi that is.

“Ey ey, Fox, you know what, I met this amazing guy!” Cheetah poked her in the ribs, while
boys conversed by themselves.

“Hn. And why is he amazing?” Ryoko decided to indulge in the conversation for now.

“Weeeelll, I visited his home recently. Turns out, he has a good pipe,” the woman giggled.



“Ahh, I see. Good for him. And you, I suppose,” Ryoko nodded.

“MMmm, what does plumbing have to do with a guy being amazing?” Panda asked and only
now Ryoko noticed that the boys were actually paying attention to them.

Cheetah blushed and tried to restrain her snickering. “Fox… I can’t… Can you explain?”

Ryoko glanced at Panda, then Cobra, then Viper. Each looked puzzled. While Lynx casually
ate unbothered, Wolf was avoiding making eye contact. Ryoko put down her chopsticks,
turned to Panda, and spoke with complete seriousness.

“By saying ‘good pipe’, Cheetah here, is referring to her male suitor's penis being acceptable
to satisfy her needs.”

Viper choked on his rice. Panda looked bewildered and dumbfounded. Ryoko continued in
the same cold and clinical manner. “In this context, ‘plumbing’ would be more suited to refer
to Cheetah’s reproductive system.”

“No way! You gotta be kidding me! Girls don’t talk about such things!” Panda tried to deny.
Ryoko only gave him a small smirk.

“Oh? But they do. Women, just like men, judge everything about their partners. In great
detail,” the boy paled, while Cheetah nodded with approval.

“This is inappropriate...” Cobra muttered.

“No more than discussing how your latest poison can eat the victim's organs from inside out,”
Ryoko shrugged.

“Besides,” Cheetah finally stopped giggling to add her two cents. “Don’t tell me you guys
don’t judge girls on their boobs & butts?”

“She got you there,” Wolf casually remarked.

“Wait wait wait! So, what else do you guys judge?” Panda finally regained his voice.

Ryoko shared a look with Cheetah. They both turned to the guys and said as one. “Butts.”

“Okay, now you’re just messing with us,” Viper shook his head.

“No, not all. Any woman appreciates a man with a nice thick ass. Simple as that,” Ryoko
casually said picking up her chopstick again and eating like this conversation didn’t happen.

“Oh yeah, you can ask anyone,” Cheetah nodded.

The boys looked deep in contemplation and the rest of the meal was spent mostly in silence.
And if after a few weeks, Ryoko noticed male shinobi doing more squats than usual, she
didn’t comment. Her eyes still wandered though… Damn hormones and those tight
uniforms...



━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko shifted on the green sofa and winced from the action. It has been a while since the last
time she got hurt during a mission. Today, their teams returned all battered in one way or the
other. But of course, she was not about to go to the hospital. No, never again.

“Here,” Kakashi threw a medical kit at her as he stepped from the bathroom. He was also hit
in the back, but just like her, refused to go to the hospital. Both captains actually hid the
injuries well from their teammates. But not well enough to fool each other.

So that is how Kakashi eventually suggested to come and do first aid at his place. He leaned
on the wall with his eye closed, while Ryoko searched the kit for antiseptic. “You’re
bloodying the wall,” she remarked after glancing at the teen.

“Washable paint,” he grunted out.

“Hn.”

Ryoko finally found what she was looking for and proceeded to rip a bigger hole in her pants
over her thigh. The wound wasn’t too deep, but she didn’t want to risk an infection. After it
was cleaned and generously covered with medicine she started to wrap it up. She looked back
at Kakashi. It would seem that he was almost dozing off while still standing.

“Come here, unless you want to bleed out,” she said and received another grunt in response.
After a minute, the teen finally moved to her. She gave him an unimpressed look. “I’m not
standing up. Sit,” she pointed with her good foot at the floor in front of her.

“You’re annoying,” he muttered but sat down presenting the girl with his back. Ryoko lifted
his shirt just enough to see the wound, she didn’t bother taking it completely off. The injury
turned out to be dangerously close to his spine.

Without a warning, she started to clean it with antiseptic. Kakashi tensed for a second but
didn’t let out a sound. Honestly, the guy should be grateful that she was doing this much. Her
medical skills allowed Ryoko to be efficient and actually do good and not worsen the injury.

“All done, you’ll live,” she said sarcastically and reclined on the sofa without bothering to
lower Kakashi’s shirt back in place. He was a big boy, he could do that much at least.

“Don’t bloody my sofa,” he grumbled.

“Ass,” Ryoko kicked him in the side, mindful of his back. Her eyes lazily looked around the
apartment. She noticed very little personality in the decor. No personality to be exact. The
only thing that stood out was a bookshelf.

“Hey… is that…” she suddenly snapped up as her eyes spotted something familiar.

“Hn?”

“Why do you have my fans?” Ryoko narrowed her eyes at the gray-haired teen who was still
seated on the floor.



“Ahhh, I found them?” sure he did. Ryoko rolled her eyes and limped to the bookshelf to get
them back. While there, her eyes looked over the book spines. She recognized most of them.
The only one unfamiliar was a small orange book.

She picked it up and read the title. “Icha Icha Paradise?” Her hands were quick to list a few
pages before Kakashi snatched the book from her. His eye was wide as he stared at her.
“What?”

“It’s not mine.”

“Hn?” she raised an eyebrow. From what her sharingan captured so far, it looked like a
romance novel. Borderline a fanfiction. But too tame for her taste. She shrugged. “I really
don’t care,” the girl responded moving towards the window. “See ya,” Ryoko gave one last
wave and jumped outside.

━━━━━━━━━━

This repeated a few more times during the months that followed when their teams joined for
missions. They would wordlessly agree not to drag each other to the hospital and heal at
Kakashi’s apartment instead.

After one particularly close call, Ryoko didn’t even realize how she ended up there. She woke
up sprawled on his sofa. The smell was familiar so the girl was not alarmed.

“You owe me a new sofa,” she heard Kakashi’s voice.

Ryoko carefully lifted her head and noticed the pool of blood below her on the green cushion.
“Fuck off,” she whispered turning slowly on her side. The pain let itself be known then.
“Bitch…” she cursed under her breath and clutched to her side.

“Let me see,” Kakashi sighed crouching beside her.

It was too early for Ryoko to argue, so she moved her hand away. The teen lifted her shirt a
bit to reveal a long gash along her hip bone. “It’s nothing,” she muttered.

“You’re an idiot,” Kakashi poked her and Ryoko yelped in response. “Doctor Hatake is ready
for you,” he gave that annoying eye crinkle fake smile. He was clearly enjoying her pain.

“Bite me,” Ryoko hissed instead of thanking him for his ‘care’. At least his hands were warm
as Kakashi cleaned the cut. She passed out again after that.

The next time Ryoko’s eyes opened, she found herself laid on the floor, covered with a
blanket and a pug cuddled to her side.

“A blanked, but no pillow? Fantastic,” she whispered, sitting up and cracking her sore neck.
The pug stirred from his sleep.

“Welcome back, boss lady.”



“Hey, Pakkun. Where is that fatass out now?” her senses did not pick up Kakashi’s chakra in
the apartment.

“Ah, called on a last-minute mission.”

Ryoko sighed and looked at the little dog. He looked adorable with the sleepiness still in his
beady eyes. She could not resist the urge to pick the little guy up and hug him.

“Aww, you’re wasted on him, you know that? I might just steal you one day,” she cooed.

“Any time, boss lady,” the pug barked with what she could call a smile on his face.
Eventually, she convinced the ninken to go away back to his realm and she left as well. Kami,
she was starving.

The sun was slowly rising when Ryoko finally got home. “Morning, brother,” she greeted
Itachi who was preparing breakfast.

“Hn,” he gave her a disapproving look.

“What?” Ryoko snatched a freshly baked piece of bacon. Without another word, her brother
walked towards the girl and hugged her. Instantly she felt his chakra invade her body.

“Hey, I’m fine,” Ryoko protested.

This became a usual occurrence. As Ryoko continued to refuse hospital care, Itachi would
ambush her with hugs laced with medical chakra.

“Your broken rib and that wound on your torso say otherwise,” he chastised after letting her
go.

“Itachi, please don’t…” she was just so tired. This was barely anything to be concerned
about.

“I’ll stop when you’ll quit ANBU,” he countered.

Wisely, Ryoko bailed this conversation and went to sleep in her own bed. She could still feel
Itachi’s disapproving stare on her back.

━━━━━━━━━━

Life was simple and monotone as much as it could be for a shinobi. Ryoko fell into a
comfortable routine of missions and the time flew past her. She sometimes went out with
Anko and Ibiki for a drink. Obito would eventually join them. It was fun, dare she say it.

Today her routine had a slight shift. Ryoko entered the ANBU female locker rooms after
another successful mission to find a few women in a heated conversation.

“AH! I HATE THEM! She’s such a bitch!” Cheetah yelled out slamming her fist into a metal
locker. Ryoko ignored this as she inclined not to participate in local drama. The girl moved to
her locker and started to change.



“I swear! They are just driving me nuts! The jealous bitches are fucking testing me!” Cheetah
continued to rant. Even if Ryoko chose to ignore it, she could not turn off her ears as
effectively.

From what she gathered, Cheetah’s boyfriend's ex with her gang of friends was being nasty
and possessive. Sore losers, obviously, in the game of love.

“Imagine that! They called me a slut! I swear!.. Ghhrr…”

Ryoko sighed, closing her locker. Her eyes looked over the disheveled comrade of hers.
“Listen, Cheetah,” the blond raised her head. Ryoko noticed her eyes were red and puffy. “It’s
none of my business, but there will always be people who will try to bring you down. And
that’s because they are already below you. So you have to keep killing it. And in a world full
of bitches be a bad one.”

That could probably be Ryoko’s rule of life. With all the hate and fear she received from
those disapproving of Uchiha and her in particular, the only choice was to pay those bitches
no mind.

“Fox, you’re soooo cool,” Cheetah sobbed a little, but there was a hint of a smile on her
beautiful face.

“Yeah yeah, unless they're paying your bills, pay them bitches no mind,” she shrugged.

“Hey, Fox, do you have a boyfriend?” Mantis who was previously talking with Cheetah
asked.

“No,” noticing a raised eyebrow, Ryoko added. “Don’t get me wrong. I love men, I think men
are the coolest. But you don’t really need them to live.”

“Hmm, that’s true,” Mantis nodded. A consensus was reached that day. Feminist powers
prevailed. And the women dragged Ryoko to a bar.

━━━━━━━━━━

Meanwhile in the men's locker room…

“So, Lynx, do you think Fox has a boyfriend?” Panda finally dared to ask the question that
plagued his mind for months.

Lynx shrugged. He was a man of few words. A genuinely quiet soul in this noisy world.
Panda sighed. No help at all.

“Why do you even care?” Cobra asked after putting his uniform away.

“Well…” he fidgeted. But they were a team, right? They should have seen what he saw?
“Fox is kinda hot, don’t you think? I mean.. Damn… she has that nice figure and all…”

Panda completely missed how Cobra’s eyes widened and he shook his head slightly in
attempts to stop the rambling praises.



“Ohh? Who has a nice figure?” a hand was placed tightly on his shoulder. Panda turned his
head around to see agent Otter standing behind him with the most innocent smile. It was
creepy. And scary. And dangerous.

“Emm… Fox taicho…” he whispered slowly. It took Panda to see sharingan to realize who
Otter was outside shadow ranks.

“Hmmm, it’s a bit disrespectful to talk like that about your senpai, don’t you think, Panda-
kun?” the voice was sickly sweet and the hand on his shoulder clenched harder.

“But.. but… she is hot…”

“Shhh… you know what? Let’s move this conversation to the training grounds, nee?” Otter
didn’t wait for a response and dragged him outside. Yeah, he probably should have known
better, than to speak like that about the Uchiha hime.

This also proved as a valid reason why Fox would not have a boyfriend. Uchiha were scary.
Hot, but scary.

━━━━━━━━━━

Itachi’s birthday passed. He turned sixteen this year. Ryoko barely managed to notice the date
with all the missions on her plate. And just like that summer was coming to an end too.
Ryoko found herself lounging on Kakashi’s new green sofa sucking on a popsicle. She was
casually reading the Icha Icha Paradise, while Kakashi took care of his bruises in the other
room. They had a very productive training session earlier in the day.

“You know, this book is better reading it a second time,” she said loudly.

“Kami, if you don’t put it away, I will tell your brother what you’re reading,” Kakashi
responded.

“Yeah yeah, as if you would go even ten feet near him,” she chuckled. Her brother's
reputation as a ruthless medic was still going strong. No ANBU or suicidal Jonin was safe.

The next moment, Kakashi was back and grabbed the book from her hands. “This is not for
children,” he smiled sweetly.

“Screw you, I have bigger balls than you do.”

“I swear... “ Kakashi let out an exasperated sigh. “Don’t you have a home? Why are you even
here?”

“Because you owed me ice cream,” yes, she wanted to rub in the loss of their recent fight.
Kakashi dragged a hand over his face and looked like he just gave up. For a while now, the
teen stopped wearing his mask around her at home. She didn't care much one way or the
other, but at least his expressions were more readable without the mask.

“Rematch,” he finally said with a stern look.



“No can do, I’m actually already late,” Ryoko smirked viciously. She bit down the last bits of
her treat and stood up. “Maybe on Friday,” the girl added on her way to the door.

He muttered something under his breath about insufferable Uchiha. From Ryoko’s
perspective, Kakashi was the annoying one. They could agree to disagree in this endless
rivalry.

Ryoko stepped outside and inhaled the warm air. It was still hot at the end of August. Maybe
she could take a nap before visiting Nara?

“Oy! What are you doing here?” Ryoko turned to see Genma exiting an apartment next door.

“Shiranui-san,” she nodded but didn’t answer. Kami knows she didn’t need to be snitched
about her ‘no hospitals’ agreement with Hatake. Everyone knew that Gemma was the king of
gossip in this village.

So Ryoko chose to pass the man nonchalantly as if he did not just see her exit Kakashi's
apartment. Genma walked next to her not letting go of the subject. Troublesome.

“Soooo, you and Hatake, huh?” he smirked, draping his arm over her shoulders. Ryoko
shrugged it off.

“Hn? No idea what you’re talking about, Shiranui-san. Maybe you got a heat stroke?”

“Good try, princess,” the man snickered. “Give me a valid reason then why your lips are so
red and puffy.”

“He owed me ice cream,” Ryoko finally said the truth. More or less.

“Mhm. Suuuuure.”

“Hn.”

This was pretty ridiculous. She and Kakashi? That would never happen. He was annoying to
the core. Maybe the stick in his ass loosened over the years, but Kakashi still had the talent to
get under her skin.

“But he’s your friend, right?”

“Oh yeaaaah, best friend,” Ryoko said sarcastically.

“That’s all I needed to know,” Genma winked before their ways parted unaware of how this
little interaction will come to bite her in the future. At least she had her birthday to look
forward to. Another year survived successfully.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 36: The Future

“Just pick something already!” Kakashi sighed by her side at a dango stand.

“Don’t rush me or we’ll take even longer,” Ryoko said quite seriously. He could only sigh
again and follow the girl while paying for her sweets.

“I thought you wanted lunch?” he deadpanned, while Ryoko nibbled on a white color dango.

“Dessert is part of lunch.”

“Yes, the last part.”

“That’s a matter of opinion.”

Kakashi wanted to start ripping his hair out. The girl was impossible! His frustration only
grew as keen ears caught on people whispering around them. No, not people - shinobi. They
would glance and smile and whisper. Odd.

He was no stranger to stares or whispers following him, but this felt different. Were they
amused by his and Koko’s bickering? Was it that obvious that she tested his patience? Was it
clear that he lost and was forced to buy her food? That would be embarrassing if that was the
case.

So naturally, he pushed the annoying Uchiha with one hand on her back towards the takeout
place they were headed to. The faster this is done, the faster his humiliation will end. He
quickly paid for her order and dragged the girl away before she got any other ideas. As
Ryoko was truly an endless pit when it came to food.

A shiver went down Kakashi’s back as a warning, before a voice reached him from another
side of the crowd…

“ETERNAL…”

“Shit!” he cursed painfully aware of Gai closing in on them. Without thinking it over,
Kakashi pushed Ryoko into an alley and covered her mouth with his hand to keep her silent
and still, while his free hand made a discreet genjutsu around them.

He sighed with relief and dropped the illusion only when he felt Gai pass. Kakashi glanced
back at the girl next to him. She was way too close… Not like she had where to go, being
boxed into the building wall by him. Her scent was very vivid and distracting. So much so,
that another voice caught Kakashi by surprise.

“Oy, whatcha’ doin’ there, lovebirds?”

Silver head of hair snapped to Genma perched above them on the ledge of the building roof.
He felt Ryoko pry his hand away from her mouth.



“Hiding apparently,” Ryoko said, sounding not particularly amused. Slowly Kakashi’s mind
finished processing Genma’s words and he urgently stepped away from the girl.

“Genma, get your mind out of the gutter,” Kakashi sighed. Uchiha looked rather clueless and
for that he was thankful. He didn’t want the single non-fangirl girl getting any ideas about
him.

“Riiiight…” Shiranui snickered as if he knew something they didn’t. Kakashi narrowed his
eye on the annoying man.

“Oookay…” Ryoko just glanced between the two. “If you’re done being weird, can we go
now? My food is getting cold, Bakashi.”

“Always about the food,” Kakashi rolled his eyes.

“Gosh, you two are adorable!” Genma coed and received double the glares for his careless
remark. “Ey! Don’t look at me like that! You’re the ones arguing like a married couple!”

“We’re not!” they both said in unison. Kakashi was officially done with socializing for the
day. He roughly grabbed Ryoko’s shoulder and flickered away from the scene. No, he did not
run away. It was honestly pointless to argue with Genma.

“What’s gotten into him?” Kakashi muttered as they jumped over the last few roofs before
landing at his apartment's front door.

“Oh…” Ryoko echoed in the back deep in thought.

“Oh?” he raised an eyebrow unlocking the door. The girl followed him inside acting far too
comfortable in his home. Kakashi sighed in defeat. At least now no one could keep staring at
them. “So? What’s that ‘oh’ all about?”

“A few weeks ago, Shiranui-san ran into me when I was leaving your apartment. I believe he
assumed that we have a relationship,” Ryoko explained casually as she took the food out on
the dining table.

Kakashi stared. And stared. Finally, he laughed like he hadn’t laughed in weeks. This was
absurd! And hilarious! And oh boy, he could mess with Genma with this information.

“I know, right?” the girl also snickered. “I didn’t actually correct him too much, as he would
have snitched to my brother about our ‘hospital agreement’.”

Kakashi nodded with understanding. Honestly, he probably would have done the same.
Ryoko managed to be crazy and still think on the same wavelength as him. He took a seat
across from her and lowered his mask.

In the safety of his home, Kakashi allowed his face to be bare. Even if Ryoko was there to
witness it. At first, he expected her to act like all the women and girls he’d faced on missions
or when he was a child. She didn’t. She didn’t even blink at him. Like this was the most
natural thing.



“What?” Ryoko raised her eyes. Kakashi didn’t notice that he was staring. But it was always
strange to see her act so casually about things that held importance to him. She never even
once questioned about his mask. About Icha Icha. About his family. About his reputation.
She was just there and let him coexist next to her without prodding or poking at his being.
Another reason why he felt at ease relaxing like this with an Uchiha.

“Are you not curious?” he asked.

“About what?” Ryoko seemingly was losing her interest in the reasoning behind his staring as
she moved on to eat rice with edamame beans.

“About my mask,” he had to know. Curiosity be damned!

The girl glanced up at his face, her eyes trailed down to the bunched mask around his neck
then back to his eye. “What does your fashion choice have to do with me?”

He growled. “It’s not a fashion choice!”

“Fine. A fashion statement,” she shrugged. Kakashi will deny that he sent his chopsticks to
her head.

“It’s not about fashion!”

“Oh? So why do you wear it then?”

Kakashi sighed. He realized that he brought this on himself. So it would feel odd to lie when
he brought it up. The teen inhaled deeply and his nose was filled with all the smells circling
his home. The most prominent ones were of his own, his ninken and Ryoko. “Smells.”

“Hmm, makes sense,” Ryoko nodded.

Kakashi opened his eye to once again stare at her. Really? That simple? She noticed his
questioning gaze and shrugged. “Well you have ninken, you are a Hound, so naturally I
would expect you to have a good nose. And if you have a good nose, many smells would
probably distract or overwhelm you if you cannot cope with them.”

“Yeah… but how do you know so much?” Kakashi was skeptical, but her words were exactly
what he would have said. Since childhood, when his nose started to fully develop, the smells
became his enemy. Kakashi could not focus or even comprehend them all. The mask was like
a filter then. Now it was more of a crutch and on occasion a tool for annoying others…

“Hmm. My nose is pretty good too. I also had… a friend who could smell really well. But he
was also very bright, so his mind could cope with all the information his nose provided.”

Kakashi blinked. “Did you just call me stupid?”

“I don’t know, Bakashi. Did I?” she had an innocent smirk on her lips as she munched on
fried shrimps.



That’s it. Ryoko was undoubtedly the bane of his existence. The thorn in his side. The rudest
manipulative brat he had ever met. “I hate you,” he said sincerely.

“Boo-hoo, are you gonna cry?”

“Seriously?” Kakashi was not impressed. Ryoko looked like she was enjoying this. After
some time, he had noticed that the girl was far more open here, behind closed doors than
outside in the village.

She would always wear that annoying mask of hers. The cold and frowning face suited for a
traditional Uchiha image. Kakashi wasn’t a fan of it. It took years before she finally let a
smirk slip in his presence. Now she was comfortable enough to show a full smile, even if it
was coated with mirth. It was still progress.

But it was not the smile that put Kakashi at ease in Ryoko’s presence. While facial
expressions can be hidden and masked and acted and trained, the smell could not be changed
so easily. She always had that warmth in her scent. The smell of fire mixed with spices. It
was calming and soothing. Like a warm hug.

Without a mask, in the way, Kakashi inhaled again of her scent. It was pleasant. For it alone
he could bear with her horrible personality…

━━━━━━━━━━

“Ryoko?”

“Yes, father?” she answered dutifully after swallowing a particularly large bite of veal. She
noticed a glimmer of red and it made her fully turn to face Fugaku seated at the head of the
table. His sharingan was active.

“Are you dating that Hatake boy?”

“Eww! No! Why would you think that, father?” Ryoko was appalled by the notion and didn’t
hide it. Itachi, seated in front of her on father's right side, looked up as well. The sharingan of
her father’s faded away into black.

“I see. You are telling the truth.”

“Of course, father. But still, why are you even asking this?”

“There are rumors going around…” Itachi answered instead.

“Hn. But I am glad to know that they are only rumors,” Fugaku added.

“Father, hypothetically, if one jonin beats up another jonin for spreading malicious and false
rumors, what would be the repercussions for that?” Ryoko gave her best angelic smile, by the
look on Itachi and Mikoto, it didn’t work as she expected.

“Nii-san, I’m scared,” little Sasuke whispered by Itachi’s side.



“Hypothetically? Well, there is nothing to prove if there are no marks left,” Fugaku casually
said in response with a gentle smile of his own.

Somewhere on the other end of Konoha, in his own bathroom Genma sneezed, coughed, and
shivered all at once. Then a mirror shattered right in front of him.

━━━━━━━━━━

Jiraiya was finally home after a long time away. Sure, he visited his adorable student after the
inauguration and the ‘Shimura incident’. But he could never stay for long. Minato counted on
him to keep their enemies in check and Konoha’s secrets hidden.

What the new Hokage didn’t count on, was the soft spot the sannin had for pretty ladies.
After much deliberation, Jiraiya caved and came to Konoha not alone. He inhaled sharply and
plastered a bright smile for his companion's sake.

“Enter!” he heard Minato’s voice from behind the double doors. “Sensei, finally I was…”
Minato’s voice was cut short as the blue eyes zeroed in on two delicate figures behind Jiraiya.
He watched as his student’s eyes flashed with different emotions and thoughts.

“Are they…? They are!” Minato jumped up with the 100-watt smile on his face. Jiraiya
smirked. Looks like Minato’s sensory skills were as sharp as ever.

“Hokage-sama, I would like to introduce to you my two lovely damsels that I rescued while
on my journey of life - Akane and Karin Uzumaki.”

Two women bowed deeply and their red hair fluttered like a loyal shadow. “It is an honor to
meet you, Hokage-sama,” Akane whispered, still too shy to make eye contact with the
imposing figure that was Minato. While her adorable daughter shied behind her mother's
legs.

“One second, please!” Minato beamed and with a flash of yellow, he was gone. Keeping to
his promise, the boy appeared again within a second, but not alone. Another redhead graced
their presence.

Jiraiya phased out the happy squeals coming off Kushina, the joyful chatter from Minato. He
was pleased to see that his one decision to intervene was the right one to do. It went against
everything a true Spy Master stands for, but… Even after so many years, regrets of leaving
people behind still haunted him at night. He did not want to regret anymore. He wanted to do
something good for a change.

When the women finally left the kage’s office, Jiraiya relaxed and really looked at Minato.
“How have you been, kid?”

Minato let a long sigh out. There were prominent wrinkles on his youthful face. “Little by
little. One step at a time, but I’m getting there,” Minato stood gazing out through the big
windows where Konoha was lit up by the evening sun.

“Peace is a fragile mistress,” Jiraiya hummed.



“Indeed. The new Mizukage seems reasonable at least.”

“So I’ve heard... Is she really…?”

“Yup.”

“Double D’s?

“Yup,” both men sighed contemptuously with the image their minds supplied.

“So, I assume there will be no trouble with the addition of two Uzumaki to Konoha?”

“Do you even have to ask?” Minato smirked over his shoulder. No, the sannin didn’t have to
ask, but it was nice to hear the confirmation. He already tested both women in case they were
spies. No suspicion fell on them. They were just another pair of survivors after the long wars.
Another pair looking for their ‘forever home’.

“Alright, I will take my leave then,” Jiraiya stood and stretched his old bones.

“Where will you go now?” Minato took his place behind the desk again.

“Well, I thought to take a little break to continue my research,” he snickered.

“Ah, I’ve heard your book was doing well.”

“Indeed. I might also hunt down Tsunade to check how she’s doing.

“Huh?” Minato looked puzzled.

“Yeah, I will try the usual villages she likes. Will have to check with my contacts…”

“Sensei… Tsunade-sama is in Konoha.”

Jiraiya froze and had to do a double-take on his student. “I’ve heard she visited…” he spoke
slowly. “But I really didn’t think hime would stay…”

Minato’s face had a kind and understanding smile beyond his years. “She’s helping
Orochimaru-sama with his research and she was highly appalled with the Hospital state.”

“Ahh… Orochi still up to no good?”

Another puzzled expression was quickly replaced with a devious smirk. “Hmmm, I’ll let you
be the judge of that, sensei.”

Now his interest was piqued. Sannin said his goodbyes and went to the bar where
undoubtedly Tsunade should be lurking at this time of the day. Before even entering, he heard
her boisterous laughter. Yet not the sight of the blond was what made him stop in his tracks.

Across the table from Tsunade was his other former teammate with… a delicate beauty
draped on his arm, resting her head on his shoulder like Orochimaru wasn’t one of the
deadliest shinobi across the nations.



“No fuckin’ way…” the sannin muttered as he stepped closer.

“JIRAIYA!” the blond yelped, her cheeks were slightly red. For once, he ignored the hime to
stare at the welcoming smirk on Orochimaru’s lips.

“No fuckin’ way!” he said it again, slumping by Tsunade’s side.

“Jiraiya,” the snake tilted his head slightly. The pink beauty smirked at him. He just stared in
response until Tsunade poked him in the side. He almost fell off his seat from the 'light' tap.

“Who’s that?” he looked bewildered at Tsunade with a hand pointing at Orochimaru’s
companion.

“Cherry,” the blond smirked viciously. They were all enjoying his loss for words. But what
could Jiraiya say? That he never expected for Orochimaru to publicly show signs of
affection? That he never expected for someone as pure and gorgeous to return that affection?

“Ara ara, is that the one you spoke off?” Cherry said with a silky voice that could lure men
into an obvious ambush.

“Hn. That’s him,” Orochimaru nodded. Only now Jiraiya noticed the snake’s arm draped
around Cherry’s waist. They sure were chummy! Sannin pouted, crossing arms over his
broad chest.

“I missed a lot, haven't I?” the man finally exhaled. Tsunade laughed again.

“Oh, not really. Just that Orochi is human, has feelings, and has a personal life that is
basically as sweet as an ice cream sunday with a Cherry on top,” Tsunade’s words slightly
slurred, but he got the picture.

Wait a minute… Cherry on top… she could not possibly mean… Quickly the sannin tried to
banish those images out of his mind, but it was too late.

“Someone get me a drink! This will be a long night…” the man grumbled. His teammates
laughed. Jiraiya pouted even more. So much for leaving Konoha soon.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko was petty and she was not ashamed to admit it. As she switched another lightbulb in
Genma’s apartment to the ones that give out annoying buzz when turned on, she smirked to
herself.

After a few more days, she broke into the same building and replaced Genma’s underwear
with two sizes smaller ones, while his pants with two sizes bigger ones. She then proceeded
to meticulously move every item in his home exactly two inches to the right.

The next time she broke in, the girl was happy to see that her sabotage was still in place. But
it was not enough. She proceeded to replace every item of literature with self-help books.
Then she replaced all of Genma's coffee and tea with their counterparts with more…



interesting side effects. Like laxatives, or sleeping pills, or blue pills. It would be a gamble
each time, she mused.

Carefully Ryoko closed the door behind her and sighed happily with her work. Nothing beats
mild inconveniences. Her eyes drifted to Kakashi's apartment door. She noticed a small spec
of blood on them.

“That idiot,” the girl shook her head and went to check on said idiot. He never learned to ask
for help. One day, Ryoko was sure she would find him almost bleeding out somewhere in that
apartment.

“Bakashi, you good?” she called into the dark apartment. No answer. Instead, a pug emerged
from the corner.

“Boss lady, good timing. Pup needs… something,” Pakkun was cryptic, but he didn’t have to
say it twice. Ryoko closed the door and went inside.

Instantly her face scrunches with a prominent scowl. Kakashi was on the ground in the
middle of his living room surrounded by his pack. That would not be too off if the teen hadn’t
been shivering in a fetal position.

Slowly Ryoko stepped closer so as to not startle a fellow ANBU. “Hey there, it’s Ryoko
here,” she called but got no response. Pakkun brushed along her legs. She crouched.

“Boss lost one shadow pup on a mission,” Pakkun explained.

“Hn.”

Ryoko took a long moment to process it. Kakashi was covered in blood, hard to tell what was
his and what was those of his enemies. He was also covered in dirt and grime. Face hidden
and buried in his knees. Visible neck and hands were pale and sweaty.

How does one comfort a person like Kakashi, she wondered? Absent-mindedly, she recalled
what sensei would do in her place. Words would do no good in a situation like this.

“Brute force it is,” she nodded to herself before inching closer to Kakashi. Her hand reached
for the teen and stopped close to his head. It was reminiscent of how she let his ninken sniff it
before touching.

“I’m gonna touch you now,” Ryoko said and proceeded to place her palm on the teen's
shoulder. Instantly Kakashi had a kunai in his hand aimed at her neck. Ryoko swatted the
weapon away and tackled him to the ground to prevent any further disobedience.

She noticed his eye was distant, glazed, and red. “Hound, stand down,” she ordered in her
serious Taicho voice. Kakashi fell limp under her and seized all movement.

Slowly Ryoko pulled away and dragged Kakashi up with her. “Fatass,” she grumbled all the
way to his bathroom. Ninken watched closely behind her. Unceremoniously she dropped the
teen in the shower, he slid down the wall and just stayed seated like a living dead.



“For Amaterasu’s sake,” Ryoko cursed under her breath. Looks like she would have to do
everything herself until he came back from his PTSD episode.

Young Uchiha turned the showerhead on to lukewarm water and got in the shower as well.
She crouched by Kakashi’s side and slowly started peeling off his armor. He didn’t resist.
Water was running down their frames washing all the dirt and blood away. She waited for the
water to be clear before she removed Kakashi’s shirt with the mask. Mindful of his
heightened smell recognition.

She looked over him to spot only a few scratches. No major injuries. So the blood was mostly
not his. Good. She reached to pull his headband off, but Kakashi’s hand clasped harshly over
her wrist.

“LEAVE ME ALONE,” he growled, charcoal eye looking wild and feral at her steady
obsidian.

“No,” she said, her gaze not wavering even if his fingers clasped harder over her wrist. “You
have two options. Either I wash you, or you take a shower yourself.”

“I..” after maybe five minutes he managed to stutter. Her eyes noticed a small glimmer of
recognition in Kakashi’s eye. And if the water mixed with tears streaming down his cheeks,
Ryoko said nothing about it. Her eyes didn’t waver for a second. She just patiently waited.

“I… will… do… myself…” finally he managed to say it. Ryoko nodded and stood up. She
had to unclasp Kakashis’ fingers first, but at least he looked like he was somewhat conscious
again.

On her way, Ryoko grabbed the clothing she discarded before and left the teen alone in the
bathroom. She stood outside the door and listened for a bit until she was sure that Kakashi
started to move and actually followed her instructions.

There was a small puddle left where she stood, but that was nothing compared to the hurt
Kakashi was going through right now. Ryoko could only recall how she felt when she saw
her brother stricken down by traitor shinobi.

The girl took the liberty to snatch a change of clothing from Kakashi’s wardrobe. She quickly
changed out of her wet clothes and into his big t-shirt and shorts that reach over her knees.
Then she grabbed some for the teen to change into. A hoodie soft to the feel and long pants.

She knocked on the bathroom door. “Change and come out. If you’re not done in five
minutes, I will come in,” Ryoko said coldly as she slipped the clothing through a small crack
of the open doors.

Thankfully, her threat was left as a threat. Kakashi stepped outside dressed, head bowed
down and staring to the floor, while water trickled down to his shoulders from wet silver
locks. Ryoko nodded pleased and guided him to his bedroom. She settled the man on his bed
and pushed a cup of tea into his hands.



This was awkward. She felt awkward at least. What was she supposed to do? Like never
before, she related to her poor sensei. Recalling Orochimaru’s hesitant attempts in affection
and support, Ryoko reached in and patted Kakashi’s head.

“There there,” the girl muttered. Her other hand moved to push the cup in Kakashi’s hands
closer to his lips. He finished the action taking a few sips.

After ten minutes, the teen slumped to his side out cold. Yes, she put sleeping pills in the tea.
With a sigh of mild relief, Ryoko stood up and stretched. This was exhausting. The girl took
another glance at the sleeping figure. Sleep worked well enough for her when she was upset.

Ryoko was now debating if it will be a good idea to leave Kakashi alone or not? On one
hand, there was that male pride of being caught vulnerable. On the other hand, there was the
trauma of losing a teammate and waking up alone.

“Fuck, I have to stay, don’t I?” she mumbled glancing at Pakkun, who settled by Kakashi’s
legs.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 37: Reputation

Before the sun dawned, Ryoko startled awake from the chakra pulse to her ANBU tattoo.
Quickly and mostly on autopilot, she stood up from the floor where she slept by Kakashi’s
bed, grabbed her weapons pouch, and flickered away.

Her own clothing still felt damp to the touch, plus she would change to ANBU uniform either
way, so there was no great need to wear wet items. Wearing the same clothing she borrowed
from Kakashi, the girl appeared in the locker rooms and changed.

It all took her a minute and fifteen seconds. With a mask in place, she flickered to the Hokage
office. Kami knows why the man was so early, but at least that had to be a sign for an
interesting mission…

She appeared kneeling on one knee before her leader. “Hokage-sama.” Silence. It dragged on,
so Ryoko looked up to spot Minato giving her an interesting glare. “Hokage-sama?”

Minato waved his hand to dismiss other ANBU agents hiding in the shadows. Privacy seals
have activated with a slight flicker of the blond's chakra. “How is Kakashi doing?” he asked.

Ryoko tilted her head to the side ever so slightly. How did he… Oh. Namikaze was a sensor,
so he would know where she was… “He’s… coping?” the girl responded unsure of what
exactly he expected to hear. Kakashi was not just another ANBU agent to the Hokage. He
was his sensei, mentor, and probably even a father figure.

Minato gave a nod with a deep sigh. “I see. If I had known before… I would have not
dragged you here, but this mission requires your… skills,” he handed her a scroll.

Ryoko nodded, not completely sure what was the issue in summoning her if her skills fit the
parameters? Choosing to ignore the strange comments, the girl glanced at the mission. A
smile tugged on her lips. It has been a while since she could go all out as a shinobi while
being part of ANBU ranks. “Understood, Hokage-sama.”

“I expect your team to depart as soon as possible. They were already summoned to the HQ
for briefing.”

With one last bow and salute, Ryoko was gone. She flickered to the shadows just as the
privacy seals were lifted. The girl entered the meeting room 20 minutes later after making a
small detour…

“Taicho!” her team greeted like the trained puppies they were.

“Yea yea, we have some preparations to do before we go,” Ryoko said, taking a seat behind
the round table. Her underlings followed. “Our mission is of three parts. Infiltration,
information gathering, and destruction.”



Lynx caught on first as his eyes narrowed. “Destruction? Not assassination or eliminations,
so that means…”

“Bang,” Ryoko confirmed with an ominous smile. She then took out a small parcel from her
pocket. “For the infiltration, how is everyone's tolerance to substances?”

The boys shrugged. “Alcohol I am not a fan of, but it is the easiest to fake,” Ryoko continued
unwrapping her parcel. She split its content into four equal parts and handed it out to others.
“If you are handed this, show me what you would do,” she explained and observed.

Lynx and Cobra hesitated for a minute but demonstrated acceptable skills as they rolled their
joints. Panda looked more flustered but followed their example. After five minutes she was
handed three blunts. Ryoko picked each one up and examined.

“Lynx, yours is acceptable. Panda and Cobra, watch and learn,” Ryoko said. “We will be
infiltrating into a gang who prefer drugs,” she spoke while flattening the little paper on her
side of the table. “You can stick with alcohol, but eventually, you will be tested with this
too,” her nimble fingers bent and twisted the paper into a cylinder to make the filter.

“Taicho, how do you know all this?” Panda aww’ed as he observed her carefully distribute
weed onto the paper in a thin line.

“General knowledge, kohai,” Ryoko smirked. “Now if you know that you will be the only
one smoking, you can lace it generously with tobacco,” she added demonstrating how to tip
tobacco from the end of a cigarette. “If you plan on giving this to someone else, you can be
smart about it too. Put more weed in the end if your target will be smoking first, or more next
to the filter if the target would smoke last,” she continued to talk as she demonstratively
placed some more on her creation.

Lastly, she picked the paper up and twisted it until it was tight enough. Her tongue darted out
to give a gentle lick on the edge and it was done. Her fingers brushed over the joint to smooth
it out. “Make sure the filter is tight enough, but everything else is not too tight. It’s a dead
giveaway that you are a novice. Next, make sure to do a variation of this,” she said while
taping her joint at the table filter end first.

“Why?” Cobra asked as he watched her actions with interest.

“They say it is to pack the content better,” Lynx commented.

“Precisely,” Ryoko nodded and twisted the end. “Feel it, that’s how it should be done,” she
passed the item around for the boys to familiarise themselves with it. “Now, tolerance,” she
said, getting joint back and with a press of her finger, the end was lit up.

She inhaled deeply the familiar smoke. As she exhaled, the girl passed the joint to Lynx. “Do
not cough, it will make the effects worse,” Ryoko said. Her brain quickly recognized the
substance and her fingers felt tingly. Chest light and warm.

Lynx inhaled without any issues. Cobra almost choked but managed to keep himself together.
Panda… poor boy coughed just as she expected him to.



“Taicho, won’t it be dangerous to go in the mission... high?” Cobra asked.

“It would be, yes, but we need everyone to be familiarised with the sensation. Panda, take
another drag,” the poor boy gave a shaky nod and smoked again before passing it along.

“Now for the information…” Ryoko continued to lay out their mission parameters while the
joint made a second and then a third circle around the table.

In half an hour team Shi was off. They ran quickly, without making any sounds at the top of
the trees. Ryoko’s eyes made sure to keep a close watch of Panda as the boy stumbled already
on a few branches.

Now, this was a mission she would remember for a while. Drugs, alcohol, sneaking around,
death, and fire. Ryoko passed a joint to her left as they stood in the shadows of a forest
admiring the blaze that engulfed the former hideout.

“Was that really lava, taicho?”

“Jup,” she smirked at the incredulous voice of Panda. “Good job with the boiler trigger,
Lynx.”

The silent man nodded passing the joint to his left. Who needs team bonding when you have
missions like this one? As team Shi returned to Konoha, they all felt at ease and positively
giggly. Her team was left wondering how the esteemed Uchiha hime could possibly know so
much about drugs.

━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi woke up feeling like he was hit in the head with a pile of bricks. His hand felt
something soft and warm under his fingertips and the man exhaled with relief before the
memories flooded his mind taking away the peace of his mind.

The blood. The screams. The pain. The despair. The anger. Death. He inhaled again, fingers
clenched in the fur of his ninken. His mind felt not as heavy as yesterday. Kakashi opened his
eye and wondered how he managed to get back to his bed from the living room?

Ryoko. Her scent was strong in this room. “Pakkun? Was she here?”

“Yeah, boss. Boss lady washed you up and tucked you in,” the dog shifted by his side.

“Hmmm,” he muttered, but memories of last night were still hazy. His senses didn’t feel the
girl in the near vicinity so probably she had already left. Good. It would be embarrassing to
face her after his breakdown… His reputation would surely be ruined in her eyes.

“Boss lady left an hour ago,” Pakkun added as if reading his mind.

“She did?” Kakashi scrunched his face. Why would she stay the night? Did he really look
that pathetic? What a pain. He sighed and curled back in the sheets. His report could wait
another few hours…



Sleep didn’t come to him. Kakashi looked over the shadows in his room. Mind blank and
numb, only distant feelings in his chest circled with unease. He failed his teammate. One
miscalculation and his charge perished in the blast. At least he managed to whisk Tenzo
away...

Kakashi hasn't lost anyone in a while… Truly lost that is. Rin was taken for a bit, but he
found her. Ryoko was taken and again he found her. Both times. The last person he lost…
Obito. For months he grieved his teammate until he returned… He was in charge of Obito
and failed him. That feeling never went away.

The only difference now was, that there was not a single chance for his ANBU to return back
like Obito. “Pakkun, you can go,” Kakashi whispered.

“Are you sure, boss?”

“Yeah,” he sat up in the bed and watched as his ninken vanished in a cloud of smoke. He
didn’t plan on staying alone for too long. He didn’t want to be alone now. Following the urge,
the teen changed into his jonin uniform and left to find an Uchiha to take his mind off things.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Father, do you hate me?”

“Ryoko, we’ve talked about this. I do not hate you. This is your duty as the hime of Uchiha
clan.”

Ryoko pouted with arms crossed over her chest. When she asked to participate in the clan
meeting, she didn’t expect to be dragged on diplomatic trips as well. “But Itachi should be
going with you.”

“He went last time, now it’s your turn,” Fugaku said, hiding his amusement under the calm
Uchiha exterior. Ryoko still felt it in his buzzing chakra.

“Fine. But why are we forbidden to use chakra!?” this was mind-boggling to the girl. When
father told this rule for the first time, Ryoko laughed. They were shinobi! From a noble
shinobi clan! Chakra was like air to them!

Fugaku sighed. “It is a sign of good faith and self-control. It is tradition.”

Ryoko pouted harder. Traditions could eat her ass! She was a shinobi! Shinobi use chakra!
“No. I’m not going,” the girl deadpanned.

“Too late,” she noticed a small twitch of father's lips that made her eyes narrow with
suspicion. “Hokage-sama already approved your leave, and Daimyo was also notified about
you accompanying me. Guards were already chosen. Everything's already set. You are going,
Ryoko.”

“Guards?” Ryoko’s eyes widened.



“Well of course. We cannot use chakra, remember? No weapons either. No weapons,” he
repeated before she could even start protesting. “ANBU guards will go with us for our own
safety.”

“I will be the laughing stock of the entirety of the shadow ranks!” she looked to the ceiling in
despair. To think that her comrades will have to guard her? Did all her work mean nothing?
Ryoko whined and slammed her head to the table. “That’s it. My reputation is done for.”

“You’re being dramatic, Ryoko,” Fugaku snorted, but he still sounded amused. “Listen, I
have a suggestion.”

Hesitantly she tilted her head and peeked over her fringe at her father to see a mischievous
glint in his eyes. Maybe there was still hope. “Yes, father?”

“Consider this an infiltration mission and a test for your skills. The mission will start as soon
as you step from the compound. You will have to fool not only the Daimyo but also our
guards and the Hyuga traveling with us.”

“Hmm, infiltration?” Ryoko considered as she slowly straightened up. She hadn’t worn her
‘mask’ in this world yet outside regular missions. So maybe this could be a good opportunity
to test if she still had her deception and manipulation skills? To pretend around people who
potentially already know you and fool them - that is a challenge.

“Alright. I will do this, father. I will be Ryoko Uchiha hime for this trip,” and not the ANBU
captain FOX was left unsaid. With one last assertive nod, she left to prepare.

It has been a while since she wore a kimono. Probably the last time was during the New
Year's celebration. Ryoko has been completely consumed with her ANBU missions. If not
with Team Shi, then sometimes she was asked to join Team Ro until a full-time replacement
agent is found for them.

Ryoko also had a small inkling that this arrangement was orchestrated by Minato as he no
doubts heard the rumors about her and Kakashi. She didn’t care much if her Hokage decided
to play a matchmaker or not, work was work. She could only hope that guards for this
mission would be no one she personally knew from the ranks.

━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi leisurely leaned on the wall by the gates as he waited for others to show up. Team
Shi members appeared slightly before his own members. Seven masked shinobi would be
overkill for usual missions, but there was nothing usual about today's task.

This was practically an S rank bodyguard mission. Two clan heads and their heirs were
bound to be targeted. The only saving grace was the entertainment he would get. Kakashi
snickered to himself, imagining Ryoko’s face when she saw him.

“Is something the matter, Panda?” he glanced at the young man who was fidgeting since he
arrived. Cobra snickered by his side.



“Are you still not over it?” Lynx remarked.

“I mean… she will be? Right?”

“Huh?” Kakashi leaned closer as Panda kept mumbling. “Spit it out.”

“Taicho will be in a kimono, right?”

Kakashi blinked. He could not really understand why that was of any significance. “Most
likely, yes. What about it?”

Panda whined and fidgeted even more. Cobra snickered again. “So? What about it?” Kakashi
pushed. He didn’t want to be stuck with a distracted comrade so it was best to get to the
bottom of this weird behavior, he thought, pinning the boy with his cold glare.

“Well… we had this one mission where taicho had to disguise in a kimono…”

“And?”

“Taicho looks really banging in a kimono,” Panda sighed as he clearly relived the experience
in his head. Kakashi could only continue to stare. Seriously? She managed to fool her team
into thinking that she is a normal girl?

“Panda, is that how you should be speaking about your superior?” he leaned in to be face to
face with the masked agent. An ominous aura surrounding them send chills to those nearby.

“Well.. but… she is!”

He sighed. “Let me tell you something about this mission. You three think you know your
taicho, right?” masked heads bobbed in confirmation. “Well, then what do you think your
taicho thinks about this mission?”

“What do you mean, Captain?” Lynx tilted his head slightly.

“Well, do you think she is happy to be guarded by her kohai and forbidden to use any jutsu?”
they could not see his malicious smile, but they could definitely feel it in his voice.

“Oh..” Cobra gasped.

“That’s right. If I was in her place, I would be more than displeased. So my advice would be
to not provoke her unless you are ready to suffer the consequences later,” Kakashi was a
complete hypocrite at this moment. Even if this was valid advice, he had no intentions of
following it himself.

“Captain, Hyuga are approaching,” Viper announced. He was filling in as a co-captain for the
mission with Team Shi and Team Ro. The ANBU group fell into silence and straightened up.
Hiashi Hyuga arrived with his nephew Neji Hyuga. Both stoic and stuck up as expected.

A few minutes later a gust of wind brought her scent to Kakashi’s nose. He gave one last
warning glance to Panada and turned to watch as Uchiha arrived. Fugaku-sama was walking



with a mild smirk on his lips and on his left side…

“Is that…” Tenzo whispered silently, but Kakashi still heard him. All of their eyes fell on
Ryoko. She walked slowly like a true lady with her kimono shimmering behind her. Her hair
was pulled up in a fancy and meticulous hairdo. Hairpins making a gentle sound as she
walked.

“I told you!” Panda hissed.

Kakashi still could not agree with the boy. He only felt shivers rise on his back. Ryoko’s
serene expression was creepy beyond belief. She looked like a completely different person. It
was unnerving.

“Hiashi-sama.”

“Fugaku-sama.”

Clan heads greeted each other. Kakashi stepped forwards and bowed his head to both.
“Uchiha-sama. Hyuga-sama. Whenever you’re ready.”

He felt Ryoko’s dark eyes go from him to the teams behind him. She smiled and nodded her
head. “Thank you, shinobi-san. Please take care of us,” her voice was soft and gentle like a
spring morning. Kakashi almost shivered again. Creepy.

“Carriage is this way,” he motioned to where the horses were waiting.

“Carriage?” Ryoko’s smile faltered only for a split second, but Kakashi still noticed it. This
will be fun. It was a shame that her chakra was completely suppressed. He could bet a lot of
money that the girl was livid right about now.

“Hime,” he opened the door for her with a big smile hidden under his mask.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko sat next to her father, with Hyuga seated in front of them. A CARRIAGE?
SERIOUSLY??? her mind went into a full-blown rant about the absurdity of it all. She never
once before regretted being part of a clan. Until today.

And to find her and Kakashi’s teams guarding them? It was the last straw. She would have
bailed if not for the promise made to Fugaku to behave. At least the whole journey Hyuga
didn’t try to spark a conversation, even if the young boy, Neji, was giving her odd looks from
time to time.

Ryoko kept herself vigilant and highly aware of the chakra signatures following them. It felt
like Kakashi was almost as excited as Panda judging by how their chakra buzzed. Her mind
could not stop plotting for revenge on those who dared to enjoy her suffering!

The girl closed her eyes and fell into her mind palace. Slowly walking through the halls and
rooms she climbed the stairs to the very top. The attic. Here the memories of her fallen



enemies lai. Chopped and dried heads hung from the tilted ceiling. There was a katana
carefully placed above what could be named an altar.

This was her instrument to bring retribution. Ryoko kneeled before it and focused on the
smells and thoughts that circled in the shadows. Did Madara-sama go on such trips as well?
He must have… Did he obey the rules? Was he teased by Senju for it? Most likely.

It was all for the sake of the clan. To ensure good trade for the next year. But was it worth her
dignity? That is a big price to pay. The girl was almost sixteen years by now. She was already
an adult in the eyes of her village. Her rank demanded respect. Her skills instilled fear. Yet
now she had to pretend to be a weakling fragile little thing.

Her reputation was in the shadows for far too long, that is the conclusion Ryoko came to.

“We are here,” Hiashi said, bringing everyone back to their senses. The carriage stopped. She
felt ANBU take their positions and the door was opened.

Show must go on.

Ryoko stepped out carefully with her gentle smile in place. They were greeted by servants
and taken deep into the extravagant estate. Daimyo of this region turned out to be a man of
her father's age. Outwardly everything you would expect from the nobility - manners, smiles,
perfect image.

Next to him was his eldest son and heir. Target located... Ryoko thought to herself as she
made her bows. Eyes lingered on the young man only for a second to lock with his pale grey
eyes. After that, her attention was pointedly directed only to the man’s father.

The first day in the estate went by quickly. It is on the second day when the negotiations had
to start. Ryoko sat by Fugaku’s side discreetly following the conversation with Daimyo’s
financial advisors.

She felt how Daimyo’s son took a seat next to her in the most nonchalant and casual manner.
Like he didn’t plan for it. Ryoko glanced at him and gave her kind smile.

“Tea?” she offered.

“Oh, yes please, hime,” the man smiled back pleased that her attention finally fell on him.
Ryoko gave a small nod and reached for the teapot. Her left hand held onto her right arm
kimono sleeve to reveal her wrist. As she gently twisted it and poured the hot beverage, she
felt multiple pairs of eyes watching her actions.

Yes, fools! Watch and weep… she cackled in her mind using the most subtle methods of
seduction right in front of everyone. Due to her age and overall position, nobody would think
twice about her intentions.

“This must be boring for you, hime,” the man remarked after clearing his throat. She handed
him the cup of tea. Fingers a millimeter away from the skin on skin contact.



“Oh, not at all, this is my duty,” Ryoko responded glancing up over her dark eyelashes at the
man by her side.

“Hmmm, would you like to take a walk? I am sure you must be exhausted from these dull
financial talks.”

Bingo. Ryoko forced a dusting of blush to her cheeks. She then turned to her father, who of
course had to be listening in. Fugaku eyed her for a minute, but then nodded with approval.
She hoped that he would start regretting his decisions about now.

“Hime, would you like to see my horse?” the man asked as they walked the corridors towards
the gardens. She felt Kakashi’s chakra trailing not far behind.

“A horse? Do you ride?”

“Oh yes! Come, I’ll show you, my horse is amazing!” he grabbed her hand and guided the
girl outside. A brave man he was. Ryoko was honestly amused by his forwardness. It was
refreshing and somewhat nice to get such attention. Although, in her mind, she knew that it
was fake. The man was manipulated in this position and if he knew the real Ryoko, he would
not act this way…

“Here! Have you ever ridden a horse?” he was enthusiastic as he showed her to the stables.
Ryoko shook her head. Shinobi don’t ride horses…

He still didn’t let go of her hand as they stopped by a true stallion of a horse. Black and shiny
it looked worthy of the Daimyo. “Would you like to?” he leaned into her ear with conspiracy
clearly written all over his face.

“Can I ride your horse?” Ryoko mused with a more honest smile on her parted lips.

Instead of an answer, the man spun her around, grabbed onto her waist, and the next moment
she was seated sideways on the back of a horse. Ryoko blinked, mildly surprised. He was fast
and confident. “Oh..” was all she managed to whisper before the man himself took place next
to her.

His arms wrapped around her to hold on to the reins. “Hold on,” she noticed the man’s
playful smirk.

“Onto what?” Ryoko whispered, but had no time to think it over as they were off. She
suppressed a yelp of surprise and instinctively clung to the man's chest.

The horse was fast, but a shadow still dutifully followed the pair. Ryoko watched with
amusement how the world blurred similar to when she ran across the trees as a shinobi.

“At first, I thought you were shy,” the man whispered to her ear. She felt his heavy breathing
and it put all sorts of impure thoughts into her head.

“Oh? And now?” Ryoko responded somewhere to his neck.

“Now… I think… you are adorable and respectful and… wait, how old are you, hime?”



“My sixteenth birthday is next month.”

“Ah, excellent!” he cheered but didn’t elaborate further.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 38: Politics
Chapter Notes

Some people wanted to know how Ryoko looked like in her kimono, so here is my
inspiration!

Ryoko's general vibe:




Art Reference

Ryoko's kimono & hair:






Art Reference






Art Reference


See the end of the chapter for more notes

Fugaku regretted his life choices. Maybe if he left like Madara-sama he could settle on a
quiet farm and just care for crops, get drunk in the evening and watch the sunset. But no, his
sense of obligation forced the man to sit and watch as his darling daughter was whisked away
by the Daimyo’s son.

When did she grow up? he wondered taking note of everyone’s eyes on her. It felt like only
yesterday she said her first words… The man sighed under his breath and turned back to the
stack of papers in front of him. The negotiations were going well so far.

“Where have you been?” he found Ryoko later that evening and pulled the girl aside from
prying ears to speak with her.

“Horseback riding,” Ryoko kept her smile, which looked almost out of place. He knew her
real smile and this was not it. Believable, but not the same.

“...Hn…” he didn’t have words to that. Fugaku could only hope that tomorrow will be better.
Kami didn’t listen to his prayers…

“Hime! Are those fans?” the young Lord again settled by his daughter's side the next day and
pointed at the fans tucked behind her obi. Fugaku’s eyes narrowed just a fraction. Are those…



she wouldn’t!... no… she definitely would… he thought.

“Yes, they are,” Ryoko pulled the items out and revealed their red coloring marked with
thirteen tomoe. Oh, Kami, they were what Fugaku feared them to be! The fans Ryoko used in
the field.

“Ohh! Why do you have two?” the man asked. And it would be foolish to say that other
people in the room were not listening in on the young couple's conversation just like Fugaku.
Ryoko brought a touch of chaos to the otherwise boring deliberations.

“Entertainment of course!” Ryoko smiled brightly as her unfolded fans twirled in the air and
then one was flipped to the other hand. A hypnotic yet feminine sight to behold. Although,
the better half of the people in this room knew what else Ryoko could do with those same
fans…

“Ooooh! You’re so good at it!” Daimyo's son cooed and clapped his hands. He was
completely wrapped around her finger. Fugaku didn’t know if he should be proud or
concerned, but that was a worry for another day.

Thankfully, they were done before another day passed. Fugaku watched as everyone said
their goodbyes. He didn't like how the young Lord's eyes lingered on Ryoko. ANBU captain
reported to him, that nothing inappropriate happened between the two, but Fugaku could see
the urges in Daimyo's son's eyes. He sighed just as Hiashi stopped by his side.

"You are sneaky, Fugaku. Using your daughter to get the better part o the deal? I would have
never thought you were capable of this," the Hyuga looked like he just ate a lemon.

"Hn," Fugaku chose not to confirm or deny instead. He most definitely did not plan on Ryoko
turning the tables around in favor of Uchiha. But the development was not unwelcome, even
just to see Hyuga's sour expression. Hiashi glared the whole trip home and suddenly Fugaku
didn't feel as displeased with Ryoko's act anymore.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko was not amused. Not a single bit. She glanced at the goofy face of her partner and
barely managed not to roll her eyes. “It’s your fault!” she hissed at Kakashi.

“Well, the mission said that there are three targets. Technically, it wasn’t wrong,” he gave that
annoying eye crinkle of a smile, while their captor reentered the room.

“SILENCE, YOU HEATHENS!” the man said as he dropped a pile of firewood to the
corner of this sorry shack. Ryoko once again tugged on her restraints but they were
surprisingly formidable.

“I hate you,” she mouthed at Kakashi, who didn’t even try to get free by the looks of it.
Ryoko on the other hand felt completely done with this whole situation. She didn't even have
time to get her revenge on Kakashi after the trip to Daimyo's home.



Just a few days later after returning she and Kakashi were summoned. Their mission was
supposed to be simple - come in, locate targets and eliminate them. Minato yet again assigned
the mission to both of them and it would not be an issue if not for Kakashi falling for an
obvious trap.

He defended by saying that it was to lure the other two targets out. Of course, they did not
predict the assailant to have chakra suppressing cuffs. So here they are now, bound and
annoyed in a company of a mental case.

“You will repent for the senseless murders your kind committed!” the man roared as he
took the belt of his pants and edged closer to Kakashi. He clearly hated shinobi, not like
Ryoko could blame him too much. They were killers.

“Maaa, why so serious?” her idiotic gray-haired partner joked as the man took Kakashi's
sandal off. The belt cracked the air and whipped at Copy Nin's bare foot. It was as if this man
was punishing a disobedient son and not a deadly shinobi.

“Stop it!” Ryoko yelled out feigning girlish distress. Kakashi barely managed to contain his
laughter. Maybe he was a masochist, she considered as the man now approached her instead.
Belt was dropped and his face was completely skewed.

“Shhh! Shhh! Calm down, I’ll help you,” the man said in a different - gentle tone, his eyes
pulled down with empathy. His second personality appeared to be more submissive and
troubled than the first.

The man reached into his pocket and pulled out a little bottle. For AMATERASU'S sake! Why
me? Ryoko mentally looked at the skies as she prepared to receive a dose of who knows
what. As the man gently opened her mouth and poured the liquid in, it gave Kakashi more
than enough time to shed his restraints.

The substance tasted sweet and spicy, definitely not what she expected. It didn’t feel like
poison or the usual drugs, so Ryoko just leaned back and watched as the man evaded
Kakashi’s kunai. The fight broke out revealing the third personality of their target.

“You should have never come here! I will protect my family from you scum!” the man
yelled. Obviously, there was no family here. Ryoko guessed that the stern personality was the
father figure, while the submissive one had to be a feminine representation of a mother. Now
the current one logically would be the child persona.

“What a mess,” Ryoko muttered as she finally picked the lock of her restraints and dropped
them to the floor. The girl didn’t hurry to aid Kakashi. If he was arrogant enough to get them
into this mess, he could kill the target by himself too.

She crossed her arms over her chest and watched as the two figures danced in a battle to the
death. Surprisingly, the frail-looking man had some moves. He used a chakra conductive
sword. Chakra nature being wind of all things!

“Sucks to be a lightning user now!” she yelled at Kakashi with glee.



And to spite her, Kakashi of course just had to whip out his trademark Chidori to finish the
deal. Honestly, it was a bit impressive to see his lighting technique go against its natural
opposite and win. Ryoko sometimes forgot how skilled Kakashi could be when he wanted to.

“You were saying?” he landed in front of the girl with the dead body swung over his
shoulder.

“You owe me lunch.”

“No.”

“Yes.”

“No.”

“Yes.”

“No.”

“I bet that it couldn’t be three targets for the reported crimes.”

“Well, but technically…” Kakashi tried to argue that split personalities counted. Her glare
quickly shut that thought down. She was hungry, tired, and annoyed. Yes, she was hangry.
And you don’t mess with a hangry Uchiha. He was wise enough to concede and agree to get
her lunch when back in Konoha.

They sealed the body into a scroll and finally left into the night. A couple of miles away, they
stopped to change from the disguises into the regular Konoha jonin uniforms. As they were
running back home, Kakashi kept glancing in her direction until Ryoko finally couldn’t take
it anymore.

“WHAT?”

“Are you… do you need an antidote or something…?”

Ryoko shook her head. The effects of whatever the man gave her, did not show up just yet.
The girl hoped that it was just her tolerance doing its magic. While deep down, there was an
inkling of concern.

“It wasn’t poison,” she added lost in her thoughts.

“Hmmm, tell me when it kicks in,” Kakashi said as a matter of fact. His concern was not
welcome, and that was shown by Ryoko’s intensified scowl.

Thirty minutes to Konoha, it finally ‘kicked in’. Ryoko groined as she pushed off a branch.
Her breathing became heavy, chest felt hot along with her whole body, actually. “Fuck this
mission,” she muttered breathlessly.

“You good?” Kakashi glanced over his shoulder.



“Fuckin’ fantastic.”

Hatake didn’t take her sarcasm well and stopped immediately. Ryoko barely managed to
avoid him as she sidestepped and leaned on nearby tree bark. He reached to check her vitals,
but Ryoko just swatted his hand away. “I’m good. Just… just… ghr..” another labored breath.
The feeling was not like other drugs she tried.

No, it didn’t feel like she was hallucinating or ‘high’. She didn’t feel pain per se, but she was
definitely feeling something. Something hot that twisted her insides. “I’m fine, let’s get this
over with,” she steadied her breath and jumped away before Kakashi could try to touch her
again.

By the time they reached the village, Ryoko felt the full brunt of the substance. Oh Kami, did
she feel things. Every move and brush of her clothing sent shivers across her skin. Every
breath was like a new sensation leaving the girl craving for more. It wasn’t hard to guess now
what that substance was. An aphrodisiac.

She stood before Hokage, barely containing her shiver. Maybe her mind was affected by it
too because Minato looked unusually handsome today… She shook her head slightly and
forced herself to listen to Kakashi’s report instead of undressing Hokage with her eyes.

“Anything to add, Ryoko?” the blond asked.

“Nope,” she squeaked out, averting her eyes.

“Are you alright, Ryoko-chan?” Minato sounded concerned. Did she really look that bad?
Ryoko wanted to curse out loud but contained her flaming temper to save the last shreds of
dignity and avoid any further questioning.

“Totally fine, Hokage-sama,” Ryoko exhaled. With the dismissal, the girl was gone before
Kakashi even managed to send her another puzzled stare.

She flickered as far away as she could and took refuge in a distant park. Ryoko plopped on
the ground by a tall tree, where she finally exhaled with a grunt. She hasn’t felt this turned on
since that one time she caught Shikaku training with his former genin team…

Her mind blurred as she recalled the fond memory of the sweat dripping down his toned
neck… Ryoko swallowed the saliva that gathered in her mouth and tried to suppress the urge
of rubbing her thighs together.

“I thought you wanted lunch,” Kakashi of course had his ways of finding her. Ryoko
muttered something under her breath, while her mind said, yes, she was definitely hungry for
something… The man sat next to her. She felt his eye watching her.

“Stop staring, Bakashi.”

“So are you going to tell me what is happening or will I have to tell your brother that you
were injected with an unknown substance?”



Ryoko groaned. Itachi was the last person she wanted to know about her situation. That
would be one embarrassing conversation. She opened her eyes with a contemplative glance at
Kakashi. “Oh, the best nose in Konoha can’t tell by the smell alone?” she quirked one
eyebrow, but anything was better than voicing the truth. Even Kakashi literally smelled her
arousal was better than talking about it. He would smell it eventually either way.

Kakashi never known to step away from a challenge, lowered his mask and smelled in her
direction. To his credit, the man didn’t react as most would. He only went still and pulled the
mask back up. “I see…” he muttered.

“You smell,” she corrected, rolling her eyes.

“Here, this should help,” he extended a bag with what smelled like lunch from the corner
store she liked. Ryoko nodded with mild gratitude. Maybe this would at least take her mind
off things.

They ate in silence. Ryoko almost forgot about her predicament until her eyes zoned out
watching the shadow of a tree get longer from the setting sun. She licked her lips and let out a
shaky breath.

“Are you spacing out again?” Kakashi asked in a roundabout way if she was coping or not.

“I’m not spacing out again, I’m fine,” Ryoko said. “Mentally my mind is…” her words
trailed away as she considered the image of shadows warping and tangling with her limbs.
Spreading her legs far apart… Pinning her to the ground… She let out a shaky breath before
she could speak again. “Just considering the benefits of shadow possession jutsu…”

“Riiiiiiiight.”

Jokes on Kakashi, because she actually was considering that. Only not in the way he would
think… Oh boy, will she masturbate to her heart's content tonight. That thought allowed her
to continue eating for now.

“You know, some people would say that you need help,” he retorted.

Ryoko glanced at the idiot and poked his chin with her chopsticks. “Well, some people can
fuck off and go to hell.”

She turned away back to the food with her opinion on getting help loud and clear. Kakashi’s
silent chuckle still reached her ears. It sounded deep and dark and almost attractive…
Almost.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Cousin, why do you think there aren’t more Uchiha in the ranks?” Shisui asked as they sat
down together in a bar. It was a rare occasion for them both to be in the village at the same
time. So when it did happen, they would meet. And drink. And gossip.

Well, Ryoko mostly listened, but she enjoyed his sunny company. Even the darkness of
ANBU missions couldn’t cloud her favorite cousin's attitude. She hummed slowly sipping on



her drink. “Well, most of our clansmen are in the Police Force. Others in Jonin ranks.”

“Hmm, it’s almost as if they don’t trust us with shadow ranks!” the boy… no, a young man,
pouted.

“They?”

“Yeah! The councils. The leadership.”

Ryoko’s eyes drifted over other patrons in the bar. This was a rather dangerous line of
conversation. Shisui was basically criticizing the Hokage, Council, Fugaku, and their
decisions. She wasn’t blind or deaf. She knew that more of her clansmen had the same
thoughts.

“So you think our clan is not appreciated enough? Discriminated against? Not given the same
opportunities?”

“Don’t you?” Shisui’s smile looked tired at this comment. She sensed the same displeasure
that other Uchiha showed if you looked close enough. Interesting.

“Hmmm. I get what I want, so I do not feel like I have been wronged,” she shrugged
considering his words. Indeed, Ryoko felt that it was more a personal attitude issue - if you
bitch around you stay in the same pathetic state you are. But if you do something about it,
then you are the victor.

“Seriously?” Shisui raised his eyebrows.

“What?”

“You think you are not affected by it? By the air of Uchiha? By other people's perspective of
us?” Ryoko could only blink dubiously at him.

“Yes?”

“Then tell me, back in the Academy, did you have many friends? Did teachers treat you
fairly?”

“Well…”

“When you walk down the street, do people stare and whisper behind your back even if you
did nothing?”

“Shisui…”

“Tell me that our own comrades value and respect the hard work you do? Tell me,” he looked
stubborn and there was not a single smirk in sight.

“Shi-chan, did something happen?” Ryoko softened her voice, while her face remained
seriously pinched. Complaining and sulking was not what her cousin did. Ever.



“Hime, doesn’t it bother you that people fear you?”

“No, why? They should fear me,” she was completely honest with her answer. In a shinobi
world, fear was just another daily occurrence. Those who are strong are feared and she
wanted to be the strongest. Shisui winced.

“But enemies should fear you, not your comrades… They are ungrateful and annoying…” he
continued to rant and she again got the sense that there was something more going on.
Something provoked her level-headed cousin to lose his cool.

“Shisui. What happened? Tell me,” she insisted pinning the boy down in place with her stern
eyes. Somebody dared to upset her cousin and she would not stand for it. He fidgeted in his
seat but eventually caved.

Shisui apparently walked in on a group of jonin bitching about Ryoko being of the same rank
as them and overall her getting where she is only because of being an Uchiha. And contrary
to their complaints, they basically putting her down, while insinuating that soon another
Uchiha will come and be even better than her.

“So basically they were saying I am a weak entitled brat that got her position because of her
name yet they still could not have enough balls to say it in my face?” Ryoko summarized
deceptively calmly.

“Yeah…” Shisui sighed and downed his drink. Who knows what else he heard. Ryoko had to
consider what would be an appropriate response. It was one thing to fear her, but to say that
she can be so easily replaced? That is unacceptable. For once she could relate to her clan's
displeasure with the villagers.

She wanted to scream out. Once more her reputation was dismissed and her age and gender
and clan were all people could see. Maybe it was alcohol speaking, but Ryoko did not want to
let this go. She forced Shisui to tell her the names of those jonin and off she goes.

The girl didn’t bother remembering their names. They were just that insignificant. And that
same night she found the group just a few blocks away in another shinobi bar. Ryoko strode
directly to their table and slammed her palms on it with a smile on her face.

“May I have your attention, please,” it was not a question. She noticed among the group a
few Hyuga and a few clanless men. They stared at her with wide confused eyes, fear, and
realization for the reason of her presence here dawned on the poor bunch.

“What? You act like you’ve never seen an Uchiha before. Jaws all on the floor as if Madara-
sama just burst in the door,” Ryoko smirked, pleased with the effect of her dramatic entrance.
“I'm sick of you little boy and girl groups, all you do is annoy me,” she scoffed. They were
silent.

“You think someone better will just come along like that? There's a hundred of us Uchiha just
like me. Who fight like me, who just don't give a fuck like me. Who dress like me, walk, talk,
and act like me. And just might be the next best thing, but not quite me. I put my work in so
don’t you ever dare to underestimate me again or think I have not earned it,” Ryoko said



without even getting winded. Her sharingan was deactivated, yet it still looked like her eyes
were ablaze. She straightened up and crossed arms over her chest emitting as much
‘Madara’ness’ as she could.

“Oh, and the next time you decide to gossip about your fellow comrade, grow a pair and do it
in their face.”

She left the bar and its occupant's speechless. Only fools would dare to mouth off Uchiha.
Ryoko stormed out still very much pissed. As she walked down towards the Uchiha
compound, she could not help but think that Shisui was right. Her clan was segregated. Their
bloody history was still held over their heads.

The power of sharingan is great, that is a fact, but it is not a reason to hate the whole clan. To
fear them or ignore them. To prevent them from getting high-ranking positions. Ignorant
people would say that being in charge of Konoha's Police Force was a high-ranking position,
but in actuality, it was not. Enforcing law, rules, and order only made people hate Uchiha
more.

Ryoko sighed and looked at her clan's crest on the wall of the compound. Her dearest people
are being discretely and passively isolated from the community. They were placed in a
position to be the 'bad guy'. If she was angry, then how were other, less composed, clansmen
feeling? She had to think of something before the boiling point is reached.

Uchiha will be respected and appreciated as they deserve! Itachi was one of the few openly
valued because of his medical position at the hospital. Now how could she force the clan to
make the first step in mingling with others? Thoughts kept Ryoko awake till the sun started to
emerge from the distant trees.

"New day, new start," she whispered with determination to bring change and peace to
Uchiha. How could she be the next Hokage if she could not even help her clan?

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes



And Ryoko with her fans :D




Art Reference




Chapter 39: Sweet Sixteen
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Minato has been staring at the little box on his desk for about an hour now. He knew this was
a bad idea. It was a terrible idea, actually. Yet he still went through with it. At first, he wanted
to simply give a helping hand, but as time passed he realized his mistake.

He assumed that his genius shinobi would eventually figure it out. He was wrong. You should
never assume anything. Despite their intellect, the two were complete emotional retards as it
turns out. There were countless missions, countless opportunities, and Kakashi, or Ryoko for
that matter, yet had to make a move on one other.

So Minato convinced himself in giving one last helping hand in the matter of teenage love.
The two were just too adorable together. How could he ignore their chemistry? Half of the
village already believed that the two were an item. They understood each other without
words. They cared for each other. They felt comfortable with each other.

All the ingredients were there. Someone just had to create a spark. Plant an idea in the thick
heads of those two. Minato inhaled and summoned his trusted guard.

“Hound,” he said as Kakashi kneeled before him.

“Hokage-sama!”

“Please deliver this to the Uchiha clan head house. This is for Ryoko-chan. Return back
immediately,” he pushed the little box towards Kakashi, who obediently took it and
disappeared.

The blond leaned back in his chair and sighed. This was the right thing to do, he was
convinced of it. For many years Minato watched as his most promising student tethered
between light and darkness. Kakashi was so detached and obsessed, to the point where
ANBU seemed like the only place for the boy where he could get some sort of stability.

That was until Ryoko made her entrance into their lives. She pushed the boy even further
skill-wise. That would be good enough, but the girl also managed to somehow break through
the barriers Kakashi had set up around himself. She pulled the boy to the light and Minato
would forever be grateful for that to the young Uchiha hime.

“Happy birthday, Ryoko-chan,” he smirked and turned back to the pile of documents waiting
on his table. If he finished the work early enough, he might just join her clan celebrations.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Welcome back, honey,” her mother greeted from the kitchen.



“Hn,” Ryoko was almost at her wit's end. For years her birthday was celebrated quietly with
the closest members of her family. So it was odd why this year the celebration was so public.
And because there would be guests from other clans, she had to endure shopping and other
trivial matters.

“Oh, by the way, your friend, Hatake boy, dropped by and left you this,” Mikoto had the
brightest grin on her lips as she extended a little box towards Ryoko. She took it with a
normal level of caution. Knowing Kakashi, this might be cursed or sabotaged as ‘payback’
for her own ‘sabotages’.

Mother looked expectantly at her as if waiting for Ryoko to open the box in front of her. The
girl ignored the look and went to the safety of her room instead. If it was trapped, she might
as well hide the consequences from Mikoto.

After carefully inspecting the box, Ryoko didn’t notice any tags, seals, or trap wires. Using a
kunai, she carefully cut the ribbon and opened the lid.

“Huh,” her hand reached inside and took out a delicate silver chain with a pendant. It was in
the shape of a wolf or a dog. It actually reminded her of Kakashi in a way. Suspicion not yet
dispelled, the girl looked even closer at the item.

A gift? For me? How odd… she considered. Usually, Kakashi would just get her a dessert she
never tried before on her birthday. This was something new. Well… it’s not ugly… Ryoko
carefully put the pendant on and glanced at the mirror.

Silver looked nice on her pale skin. The profile of the wolf laid on her chest region like it was
always there. The overall shape of it resembled an upside-down teardrop. She kinda liked it.
Her fingers brushed over the delicate craftsmanship of it.

“Hmmm… if he expects thanks for this, he’ll be disappointed…” she muttered to herself.
That’s what he gets for being a scared little child and not giving it to her in person.

“Honey, get ready. We’ll have to go soon!” Mikoto yelled with one sentence urging all of her
children at the same time. Efficient.

Ryoko sighed and tucked the necklace inside her shirt. This felt like a private thing she
wouldn’t like to share with others. The girl proceeds to put on one of her festive kimonos to
her big displeasure.

For once she actually liked Mikoto’s pick. It was a midnight blue kimono with a dragon
pattern in gold thread. She smirked at the reflection. Yes, this was an acceptable level of
elegance and power. She was Ryoko Uchiha, Konoha’s Midnight Dragon.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Congratulations, Fugaku-sama.”

“Hn.”

“You have a beautiful daughter, Fugaku-sama.”



“Hn.”

“Is it true that Daimyo of the North sent a personal gift to Ryoko-hime?”

“Hn.”

Fugaku would rather not be reminded of that, but people were impressed and he could only
respond in a polite non-responsive Uchiha manner to that. He glanced at Ryoko talking with
her cousins with a discrete sigh. She had grown up without him even noticing.

“Here,” Hiashi handed him a glass of sake. “You shouldn’t be this grumpy, Fugaku, on a day
like this.”

“Oh, just wait when Hinata-chan grows up,” he smirked, but there was no heat behind his
words. Despite the popular belief, Fugaku kept good relations with the Hyuga twins. They
had the same taste for alcohol and the same distaste for their clan elders.

“What are you implying, Uchiha?” Hiashi narrowed his white eyes.

“Oh, nothing at all. Just cross those fingers for Hinata-chan to be shy,” Fugaku replied
without losing a beat. Someone behind them let out a choking sound. The two turned around
to see the Ino-Shika-Cho trio. Inoichi was red in the face, still choking on his drink, while
Shikaku and Choza chuckled beside the man.

“Ahh, how’s Ino-chan doing, Inoichi,” Hiashi smirked.

“Fine, just fine,” the blond choked out.

“I wouldn’t be smirking if I were you, Fugaku,” Shikaku said with a knowing glint in his
eyes. The man now had to replicate Hiashi’s expression.

“Hn?”

“I heard Ino-chan took a liking to Sasuke-kun,” Nara responded in the most casual manner
one could while talking about another person's misfortune with his children. Fugaku would
have cursed aloud. So it has begun. The curse of Uchiha men to attract the most…
determined female admirers.

“Hn.”

“Good luck,” Hiashi patted him on the back with a dark chuckle. Rude. But unfortunately,
that was not the end of it. Hyuga dared to raise another troubling matter with his next words.
“So, who will you marry off Ryoko-chan to?”

Luckily, Fugaku was not that easily baffled. He smiled and turned to the crowd where his
eyes caught the attention of Ryoko. He beckoned the girl to come over.

“Father,” she greeted him, not at all moved by the presence of other clan heads.



“Ryoko, Hiashi-sama here was wondering what are your plans regarding marriage,” the men
next to him probably assumed that he had any say in who Ryoko would marry. They were
wrong of course. Fugaku was her father and he knew his stubborn daughter well by now.

“Hmm. My only criteria is that it would be a person at least as strong as I am. As it goes right
now, Konoha does not have much to offer across all the clans.”

Fugaku heard a silent ‘ouch’ coming from the Nara, while Hiashi suppressed any reaction.
“Oh? Even between Uchiha?” Hyuga asked, clearly implying the weakness of their clan.

“Well, the ones that could rival me are my brother and my cousins,” Fugaku could hardly
suppress his vicious smirk as he knew what would follow those words. “And unlike some
other clans, Uchiha do not condone incest. So you would be correct, Hiashi-sama.”

For once, his pale-eyed friend was lost for words. The jab was subtle, yet clear. Ah, he truly
loved his braise daughter sometimes.

“Now considering shinobi outside Konoha…”

Fugaku blanched. “That will be alright for now, Ryoko. You can join your friends now,” he
cut her statement short. She nodded and left the snickering men alone. Kami, give him
strength for when the elders start pressing on the matter...

━━━━━━━━━━

A week later, Ryoko stood in front of Minato after her mission. The report was done and she
was ready to go back home to her precious bed. Running for six hours after committing a
mild massacre would make anyone tired.

“Good job, like always. Team Shi, you are dismissed. Take a few day's break. Fox, stay,”
Hokage said as he was putting away the written report. Her teammates bowed and left.

“Hogake-sama,” she said, waiting for his next orders.

“Fox, I need you to do a couple of things for me with your discretion.”

“Of course, Hokage-sama.”

“First please take that little box. Keep it safe, while you do it,” the blond pointed at the item
on his desk. He didn’t hand it to her, so Ryoko stepped closer and took it herself. She tucked
the item behind her chest plate close to her heart - the safest place there could be.

“I need you to immediately pick up a scroll from T&I. Ibiki will know what you came for.
You might have to wait for him to… finalize last remarks on it. Then it has to be delivered
right away to Orochimaru-sama. This is your top priority. After that is done, please take that
box to Kakashi’s home. He is out on a mission at the moment, but I believe you know where
he lives?”

“Yes, Hokage-sama,” she nodded committing to memory the instructions. If Minato was
sending ANBU on what looked like a courier mission, this has to be important. Maybe



concerning sensitive information if it involved her sensei too…

“You can leave the box at his home. Kakashi will know what to do next.”

Maybe it was just only Ryoko, but she wasn’t too convinced by Minato’s words. It looked
like the man was doubtful that Bakashi would know what to do. Of course, it was not her
place to question the Hokage, so she didn’t.

“That’s it, you don’t have to report back,” he smiled brightly and it was hard for her to tell if
the smile was fake or not.

“Yes, Hokage-sama,” Ryoko bowed one last time and left. Not even five minutes later, she
was already in T&I going down to the basement where she felt Ibiki’s chakra.

The girl waited patiently in the corridor for about two hours until the man emerged from what
she remembered to be one of the interrogation rooms. He brushed fresh blood from his cheek
and smirked at her. “Look what the cat dragged in,” he smiled and winked. That just looked
bizarre. She would have laughed at him if she wasn’t wearing her Fox mask.

“Hokage-sama sent me.”

“Ah, so professional,” he sighed but extended a scroll towards her. Ibiki didn’t let go when
she grasped it. “You know, you are always welcome here. Why don’t you visit sometime?
We’d have a great time, Foxie.”

Ryoko tilted her head slightly to the side. Damn, Ibiki was good. How did he know she would
most definitely like to torture someone? Maybe it would be a good opportunity to find out.
Ryoko slowly nodded and Ibiki finally let go with the same crooked smile on his face.

She didn’t hesitate to flicker away. Her task was an urgent one. Only her sensory skills
stopped the girl from barging in straight to her sensei’s home. Since Cherry started living in
the same home, Ryoko showed more respect for their privacy. More for Orochimaru’s sanity
as she herself didn’t feel bothered about walking in on the two.

“Oh, honey, what are you doing here so late?” Cherry opened the door wearing a silk robe.

“I have a delivery for Orochimaru-sama,” Ryoko announced like a professional. Even if she
would rather chat casually with Cherry-san instead. The pink-haired man smirked and turned
around.

“Sugarboo, your illegitimate child is here,” the man snickered as he walked away leaving the
door wide open for Ryoko to enter.

“She is not mine,” Orochimaru let out an exasperated sigh as he emerged from his study.

“Mhm,” Cherry did not sound convinced. Ryoko could only wonder why the man assumed
this idea in the first place… Not like they even looked alike. Well, except for the dark long
hair. And pale skin. And stern attitude. And inclination for wild ninjutsu creation. And taste
for good tea. And disregard for other's opinions…



“Minato sent you?” the snake glanced at her.

“Yes,” Ryoko extended the scroll. Without another word or goodbye, the sannin returned to
his study. Mission successfully completed.

“Cherry-san,” she bowed to the man and left to do the last task.

The box was small. It didn’t feel too special, but if Minato needed her discretion it had to be
special. She considered for a moment how to do it and on her way to Kakashi’s home stopped
by a bookstore.

Luckily, copy nin’s birthday was just yesterday, so she could make it look like a present
instead of an important item from the Hokage himself. The girl purchased the sequel to Icha
Icha series and left it together with the box on Kakashi’s dining table. She may or may not
have snatched a conveniently left box of mochi from his refrigerator.

Well into the night, Ryoko returned home. She still made time to change her uniform in
ANBU HQ even if sleep was already yelling her name across the lands. The girl dropped to
her bed without undressing. Her eyes were closed in an instant. Finally, she could rest.

“NARUTOOOOOOO!” alas, Kami did not allow her to sleep for too long. Probably about
six in the morning, she jolted up from her bed and appeared in Sasuke’s room where she
heard her brother yell out. Itachi was right next to her. They both stopped with kunai in hand
and just stared.

“Brother?” Itachi tilted his head.

“I AM GOING TO KILL HIM!” the small boy yelled as he stared at his own reflection.
Ryoko could not blame him. Sasuke’s hair was bright orange.

“Oh.. Ryoko?” Itachi glanced towards her, his voice was barely a whisper. She glanced at her
older brother ready to ask, but her questions were answered the moment her eyes fell on
Itachi. His hair was also bright and orange.

“Father will not be pleased,” she sighed, taking a strand of her own hair to look at. Yes, it was
also orange.

“Aneeee! Lent me your tanto!” Sasuke whined with wide puppy eyes staring right at her soul.

“I don’t have a tanto,” she didn’t even blink as she lied. All ANBU had a standard-issue
tanto.

“But you do! You are..” she clasped a hand over Sasuke’s mouth before he could even finish
that sentence.

“Shinobi don’t talk about that, Sasu,” she said. The boy nodded and only after that was
released from her grasp.

“What’s all the ruckus?” they heard Fugaku’s voice coming from the corridor. Initially,
Ryoko planned to be serious about this prank, but seeing their father with orange hair, made



even her snicker.

Uchiha were officially pranked. In their own home. Full of shinobi. And compound guards. It
turned out after a few minutes of yelling and scrambling, that the whole clan got a makeover.
Unlike Ryoko and Itachi, most clansmen of theirs and especially the elders were livid.

“I would not want to be the Hokage now,” her brother whispered as they watched Fugaku
leave towards the tower. Eyes blazing but surprisingly matching the absurd hair color. At
least it was not something atrocious like pink…

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Mild filler chapter, but we all know what happens after fillers 😈😈😈 the stage is set!
Let the show begin! The burn of this story is finally intensifying ^^



Ryoko's birthday kimono:




Art Reference

Pendant's Minato gave Kakashi (fox pendant) and Ryoko (wolf pendant):




Art Reference







Chapter 40: Clan Affairs

It was the first mission with the new member of Team Ro. Kakashi’s first impression of the
guy - he’s annoying. Talks too much and makes too little sense. Looking at the eyes visible
behind the Otter’s mask, Kakashi almost got flashbacks of his genin team.

Another Uchiha was placed under his care. Gods were truly cruel. And he could not shake the
feeling of something bad happening to Shisui Uchiha. The boy had skills of course making
Kakashi’s fears irrational. He understood the cause for those feelings too, but he could not
shake them off.

It was a relief to finish the mission and go home where he could contemplate and reason with
his own mind. Maybe entertain a mild panic attack or anxiety flush… He might also sneak
into Obito’s house later just to make sure his former teammate is still alive and well…

Kakashi’s planning was cut short when he noticed something new in his home. His nose
picked up only on one familiar scent. He followed the smell to the dining table. Kakashi’s
hand instinctively reached out for the book with less caution than he would have liked. But
this was Icha Icha!

Even Ryoko would not dare to mess with it! And oh… it was the new sequel he planned to
buy after the mission! Quickly he flipped through the pages to confirm that it was the new
issue and not a cruel prank. It was the real deal.

“Hm… why would she…” he whispered, closing the book shut. There was also a little box
left on the table. Maybe it will have the explanation he looked for. It was definitely left by her
because Ryoko's scent was the only one he could pick up from the box.

Kakashi opened it to find a pendant inside. It was a silver fox. “Right… she’s mocking me
now?” he raised an eyebrow. This definitely looked like something Ryoko would do, to prove
her dominance - force him to wear a symbol that represents her.

“But then why the book?” he looked between the necklace in his hand and the book in his
other palm. Then his eye fell on the calendar hanging on the wall. “No way…” he whispered.
The man had a hard time believing that she would leave a gift for him. This was odd.

Suspicion reaching its crescendo, Kakashi looked closer at the necklace. He didn’t notice any
inscribed seals or marks. Even sharingan didn’t show anything odd. “Hmm… oh!” his eye
perked up from the realization. “It is a challenge! She thinks I would not have balls to wear
it!”

Kakashi let out an evil laugh as he clasped the pendant over his neck and tucked it under his
shirt. He was not about to lose to her. Does she think he can’t wear a little piece of jewelry?
She’s wrong. Kakashi continued to snicker as he settled on the couch. Now was the time to
disconnect from reality as he consumes Icha Icha Paradise second part of the series.

━━━━━━━━━━



This was a special day. Ryoko specifically asked to have a day off and that within itself was
an unusual occurrence. Obviously, she was granted her request, because usually, the
Commander would have to force her to take a break.

The girl stood impatiently outside her home waiting for Itachi to return from the Hospital.
With arms crossed over her chest, she saw him walking in the distance. Itachi has gotten even
taller and despite working most of the time in the hospital, he still managed to find time for
training to keep his form. Her brother was truly amazing.

“You’re late,” Ryoko said when he got close enough.

“Hn. Actually, you are early. You should relax sometimes, little sister,” he smirked and poked
her forehead in passing. Ryoko opened her mouth to protest but decided against it. She didn’t
want to bring Itachi down when he looked so at ease.

Her work in the shadows literally and figuratively took a lot of the burden from his shoulders.
Even if he wasn’t aware of it. Besides, she never expected the medical path to allow Itachi to
thrive to this extent. She knew it was because he preferred to save lives instead of taking
them. “Hn,” the girl just pouted harder, rubbing at her forehead.

Inside the home, Sasuke mirrored her scowl almost perfectly. “But why can’t I go?” the boy
whined at their father.

“We’ll talk about it when you become a genin,” Fugaku left no room for discussion. Ryoko
ruffled her little brother's hair as she trailed after Itachi inside.

“Ane! This is not fair!” Sasuke decided to try the puppy eyes on her with no luck.

“Have you finished reading all the books I gave you, Sasu?”

“No, but…”

Ryoko shook her head. “In that case, I cannot help you, little brother. Behave,” she poked
him in the forehead as Itachi returned after changing. Finally, they were ready.

Together with their father, siblings left the home to the clan meeting hall. It was in one of
their temple’s secure rooms. Elders from across the compound were already gathering. It was
not Ryoko’s first official clan meeting, but it was special because Fugaku promised to raise
her suggestions tonight.

She sat on Fugaku’s left side, Itachi on his right. They were respectfully silent as the elders
complained about various issues. There was still a lot of displeasure in the air from the prank
that happened about a month ago.

It turned out that Naruto, with or without his parent’s help, placed seals on their compound
walls to change the hair color of those inside the perimeter. It was genius and stupid at the
same time. Ryoko and Itachi found it funny, others not so much.

Elders took it as an obvious sign of disrespect from their Hokage and Konoha as a whole. It
was like fuel to their other ongoing complaints. And here is where her suggestion comes in.



Fugaku cleared his throat, making the room go quiet.

“I understand your concern. Yet segregation does not happen one-sided. We have to
encourage Uchiha integration in Konoha’s ranks if that is what the clansmen wish for,”
Fugaku paraphrased her words, but the meaning was the same as she told him a few weeks
ago. The Uchiha clan needs to start making changes and open their close-minded heads if
they want to be part of the community.

“What are you suggesting, Fugaku-sama?” one scrunchy elder narrowed his eyes.

“I believe it is time to empower our fellow clansmen to choose the career paths they desire.
Would it be academics, medicine, shinobi ranks, or other.”

“Blasphemy!”

“Absurde!”

“Police Force will suffer!”

There was a lot of noise. Fugaku allowed the elders to voice their concerns over each other.
He was basically treating the old men like children - allowing them to finish the tantrum as
he patiently waited for the room to be silent yet again.

“As for the Police Force, I believe it is time to open it for other clan members to join.”

Queue round two of yells, shouts, and overall denial of any suggestions. Ryoko’s head
painfully pulsed by the end of the meeting. No matter what arguments Fugaku had, the old
men were stubborn and did not want to accept that it was time for a change.

The authority from being the only police in Konoha was not worth the public's opinion of the
whole clan. Not even mentioning their clansmen being tied to a single path. Itachi had
already started the change by becoming a medic. Elders could not complain too much
because of his position as an heir.

Then it was Obito who chose to be a sensei. Again, elders could not complain too much, as
the boy was like a dark sheep between Uchiha with a disgraceful loss of his eye to top things
off.

And then there was Ryoko and Shisui. Members of elide shadow ranks. The ones to sacrifice
their lives for the sake of elders feeling like something was accomplished. That Uchiha were
taken into account.

Even if the old men resisted now, they could not stop the change that was creeping in. Yet
Ryoko felt like it was not coming soon enough. The displeasure among Uchiha only
increased after Naruto’s prank.

Obviously, they could not punish the son of Hokage, causing even more friction in the clan's
relation with the village. Naruto ended up shadowing Fugaku at the Police Force as a learning
experience about law and consequences.



She had a big urge to say ‘it’s just a prank, bro’ to all those elders. But Ryoko knew it was
not about the prank in the end. It was about how people perceive Uchiha. About how they are
treated. It is about a childish prank being the last straw after decades of malicious disregard
started by Senju.

Elders were not happy. Not at all. Today's meeting only proved that their rage was making the
old men blind to reason. Ryoko returned home with even more thoughts in her mind. What
concerned her the most, was that the elders started to voice their doubts about Fugaku’s
leadership. It was subtle, but she still noticed. And she didn’t like it one bit.

━━━━━━━━━━

It was bound to happen sooner or later. Ryoko was surprised it took them almost three
months to actually do something. Obviously, they waited for the right conditions. For
example, for the clan head and his heirs to be away from the village.

Fugaku and Itachi were traveling with clan business and were supposed to be away for at
least two weeks. Ryoko, as the next one in line, was on missions practically non-stop. So of
course, during the two weeks absence of the clan head and his heir, there would be a time
where Ryoko would be gone as well.

The only mistake they made is assuming that Ryoko is the type of person to take her time
with missions. Another mistake was expecting the whispers about the secret clan council’s
meeting not to reach, self-proclaimed prince of gossip, Shisui Uchiha.

When Ryoko saw his raven in the sky, she could have guessed what the message would say.
Thankfully, Team Shi was already tying loose ends and could depart home shortly. She
flicked her wrist with the fan and an invisible gust of wind cut two enemy's scalps clean off.

Ryoko extended her arm to the sky for the raven to perch on. Just as expected - the message
urged her to return home. She probably was the closest compared to Fugaku and Itachi who
were now somewhere in the Land of Tea.

“Taicho, is everything alright?” Lynx appeared by her side, calm as ever.

“Hn. Let’s wrap this up, I have a date,” she said as the black bird poofed out of existence.
Lynx didn’t have to be told twice. Both of them scattered to tackle the remaining enemy
shinobi and ten minutes later their team was off towards Konoha.

Ryoko could feel Shisui’s disturbed chakra in the distance as they neared the Konoha gates.
The sun was already descending behind the line of trees. It will be a long night for her…

Take a break. We report to Hokage at 0800 tomorrow. Ryoko signed instead of speaking.
Others melted into the shadows, while the girl jumped down in front of her cousin wearing
his Otter mask. He didn’t have to say anything. She was not deaf - she heard the whispers
too.

Shisui placed his hand on her shoulder and flickered them both away deep in the Uchiha
compound. As they walked inside the temple halls, Ryoko took off her Fox mask and tucked



it behind her chest plate. Elders knew she was ANBU, but there was no reason to proclaim
her shadow identity.

“Shit…” Shisui cursed and stopped abruptly.

“Hn?”

“Hokage has been calling me for the past ten minutes, I really have to go unless we want him
involved.”

“No, Shisui, go. I’ll take care of this. No need to show Uchiha nonsense to the public,”
Ryoko nodded with determination. Elders will regret the day they decided to go against her
family. The boy nodded in response and flickered away. She took one last deep breath and
pushed big doors open where the room buzzing just a second ago fell into complete silence.

“My, my, looks like I made it just in time for this urgent meeting. Please do continue,” Ryoko
smirked as she spoke in a sweet and calm voice. The girl walked by the long table to the end
of it, where Fugaku would usually sit. As he and Itachi were absent, Ryoko took the head
seat.

Elders started to whisper again and their voices rose as they got more comfortable with her
silent presence. She just watched and listened, catching bits and pieces of their rants. One
elder in the back finally banged his hands on the table grabbing everyone’s attention.

“I will not stand for the perversion of our illustrious clan!” elder Tanaka roared.

“Tanaka, have you gone mad? I will not tolerate this! You're disrespecting our clan leaders!
Apologize!” another elder, Honda-san yelled across the table. He was usually the one to
support her father.

Ryoko clapped her hands to force the old geezers to pay attention to her. “Tanaka-san, of
what perversion do you speak?” she said sweetly keeping her voice level.

“My father… along with yours… and along with yours, started this council,” Tanaka spoke
nodding at other members. “And while you laugh like stupid donkeys, they weep in the
afterlife over the perversion committed every day by those unworthy of the task handed to
them.”

“Outrageous! Tanaka, it is you who insults this council!” another elder by the name Oza
snapped back. “Bastard!” he yelled and threw his folded fan at Tanaka.

The elder caught it surprisingly well and threw it right back at Oza with an endearing insult
of his own. “Fuck face!”

Ryoko would be amused if she weren’t completely outraged. “Gentlemen!” she raised her
voice slightly to cut over the yells and complaints. When silence fell in the room again,
gentleness returned to her voice. “Tanaka-san obviously has something on his mind. By all
means, allow him to express it.”



“I speak of the perversion done to this council and clan... which I love... more than my own
children… I cannot stand by while a bitch weakling is set as its leader!”

“Are you challenging the head of the Uchiha clan?” Ryoko felt her blood turn ice cold under
her skin. This was going too far. Elder or not, he would regret insulting her father and
brother.

“Yes! In fact, I am! Shi e no kai!” he jumped up on his feet, while a murmur trickled down
the table. This was a first, since Madara-sama took control of the clan.

‘Shi e no kai’ was an official challenge to the reigning clan head. It is literally a ‘meeting to
the death’. As the leader cannot leave alive the one who showed such a level of disrespect.
Kill or be killed was the only rule, where the winner takes everything.

Madara was challenged a few times, but soon clan members saw it as a fruitless affair. He
was too strong to be beaten. Elders now got too comfortable in their position and too blind to
the reality of things. They actually believed that they could overthrow Ryoko’s family. She
smiled and stood up.

“Shi e no kai it is. Let us commence,” she said walking out of the meeting hall and into the
temple courtyard. Elders followed her, still whispering. Some were horrified, some agreed
that this was the wisest choice. Ryoko was just a girl after all. How hard would it be to beat
her as the representative of the clan head family?

“What are you going to do? You've got nothing. Nothing but your bloody knives and your
fancy kata gimmicks. I have decade's worth of skills!” Tanaka laughed as he took his place in
front of Ryoko. Yes, he was right. By the rules of this duel, clan head representatives could
not use sharingan, chakra, or jutsu. Unlike the challenger.

“No. What you have are jutsu and the hope that when your hand signs are done, I'm no longer
standing. Because if I am, you'll be dead before you create another genjutsu,” Ryoko
responded coldly. A gust of wind made everyone shiver.

“Die for the better future of Uchiha clan!” he yelled one last time before his eyes bled red.

Ryoko ignored the visions placed over her eyes. This was child’s play. Her nose knew better
than to believe the smell of tortures her eyes saw. Her skin knew better than to believe that
she was being attacked. Elder was not that stupid to engage her directly even if she was under
a genjutsu.

If he was the scared scumbag she pegged him to be, he would… Thunk! A kunai impaled her
left thigh. Ryoko didn’t let a single sound out, she didn’t move an inch, her face was stone
cold.

“My turn,” was the only thing the girl said as she plucked the weapon from her leg.
Ironically, the pain was what disrupted the genjutsu allowing her to attack. She didn’t hurry
and leisurely swiped at the old man. She was playing with Tanaka like a cat plays with a
mouse before devouring it.



“Die! Die! Why won't you die?! Why won't you die?” Tanaka was getting desperate with his
attacks, but he didn’t have anywhere to go. Ryoko was upon him like a gloom of death.

“Beneath this face, there is more than flesh. Beneath the name Uchiha, there is an idea,
Tanaka-san. And ideas are death-proof,” Ryoko whispered emotionlessly before she went for
the kill.

It was a quick succession of moves practiced well in her ANBU career. One hand grabbed
onto the elder's hair, the other holding a kunai slashed his neck around effectively cutting that
part of the body off. With one last tug, the body fell down, head left dangling from her hand.
Arterial blood sprayed up like a geyser. Silence. There was only a cicada song in the nightly
air around them.

“I will say this once and only once, so you all will know the seriousness of my warning,”
Ryoko straightened up ignoring the blood that pooled below her feet and covered her left arm
entirely. The elders, long ago fallen into a deathly silence, only stared at the girl that was left
standing.

“As clan leaders, we encourage you from time to time, and always in a respectful manner, to
question our logic,” her voice was the prime example of diplomatic courtesy. Hell, you could
add it to tea, as it was sweet like sugar.

“If you're unconvinced that a particular plan of action we've decided is the wisest, tell us so,
but allow me to convince you and I promise you right here and now, no subject will ever be
taboo. Except, of course, the subject that was just under discussion,” her eyes crinkled for a
moment into a smile. She missed openly threatening people...

“The price you pay for insulting the clan head family or implying us being weak... I collect
your fucking head. Just like this fucker here,” Ryoko raised her hand clutching the fallen
elder's hair for everyone to see. “Now, if any of you sons of bitches GOT ANYTHING
ELSE TO SAY, NOW'S THE FUCKING TIME!”

For the first time in this life, Ryoko truly yelled and showed her anger. Her chakra may be
bubbling under her skin, killing intent eager to fill the air, but she managed to stay in control.
Nobody said a thing in response.

Her hand let go and the head dropped to the ground with a plop. “I didn't think so.” Ryoko’s
eyes shifted revealing her sharingan. Tomoe spun quickly until they merged into her
Mangekyo pattern. “Amaterasu!”

Black flames engulfed Tanaka’s lifeless body parts. She specifically ordered to burn his flesh
only, and dark chartered bones were all that’s left. This was a rather traditional part of the
whole ceremony. Ryoko read about how Madara would keep the heads of those who
disrespected him as a reminder to others. She leaned down and picked up the black skull to
do the same as her idol.

Elders whispered amongst themselves and were about to leave when Ryoko spoke again.
“Where do you think you all are going? You had an urgent meeting, didn’t you? Do not let
this interruption stop us from addressing the urgent matters you have.”



With a serene smile, she led them back inside and so they sat once more around the long
table. Tanaka’s skull was placed in his vacant seat. Elders looked hesitant to speak up. “Well?
As I said, no subject will ever be taboo. So please share with me your concerns in a respectful
manner and I will do everything in my power to resolve them.”

Elders looked around until one finally spoke up. “We’ve heard rumors about you and a non-
Uchiha. It is unbecoming for an Uchiha to have such a reputation! You must marry to secure
the virtue of the clan!” he was defiant with his statement. Almost shivering from possible
consequences. This was a test to her last statement.

Ryoko smiled and nodded. “That is a valid request. Please prepare a list of possible
candidates you would approve off and Fugaku-sama will review it together with you during
the next meeting,” she said without losing a beat. They obviously didn’t know or expect
Ryoko to have planned for this situation for years.

It felt like the elders took a collective sigh of relief and as if a dam broke, they started listing
other concerns. Most of them she already heard in the previous meetings. Some were new,
some required more thought before a decision could be made. In the end, her suggestion to
open the Police Force for other clans was approved.

She spoke freely and convinced them of the poor image law enforcers had in the public eye.
Besides that, her suggestion to have more Uchiha in the medical field was considered. Her
main argument was that having medic Uchiha would allow them to work towards eliminating
the negative effects of sharingan overuse.

The meeting lasted all night. At the end of it, Ryoko decided to say one last thing for her own
peace of mind. “Now that all of your concerns have been discussed, I hope you will also take
my earlier warning to heart. You should be grateful that my brother is the heir to the clan and
not me. As, if it were me, I would be far less tolerant of such blatant disrespect. Let today be
a learning experience. This meeting is now adjourned.”

All elders bowed as she stood up and walked away. They looked calmer. The anger vanished
from their hearts. The pressure was taken from them for making any decisions. Their doubts
were appeased and squashed.

Ryoko inhaled the fresh air outside and glanced at the dried blood on her hand and leg. Father
will not be thrilled with this turn of events. She sighed again and glanced at the position of
the rising sun in the sky. It was almost eight in the morning.

“Mission report… right…” she muttered and pulled the fox mask on her face. Without
wasting any more time, the girl flickered away to the Hokage’s Tower. Her team was already
there. She felt their odd glances at her disheveled appearance.

Lynx handed in the written report as Ryoko retold it verbally. Minato nodded with minimal
attention. “That’s it, Hokage-sama. Mission successfully completed,” she announced.

“Right right,” Minato flipped through the pages. Suddenly the blue eyes were on her. “Are
you injured, Fox?”



She shook her head, not completely sure where that question came from… Her eyes looked
down at the blood. Right. The lack of sleep was making her mind hazy. It looked like the
injury on her leg, that Ryoko completely ignored, was still a bit bleeding.

“I don’t see any mentions of you getting injured in the report,” Minato lightly pushed with
that genuine look of concern on his face. “The rest of Team Shi are dismissed. Take a day off.
Fox, how did you get injured?” he asked more directly when her teammates shunshinned
away.

“I got stabbed, Hokage-sama. But it is nothing, just a scratch.”

“Hmmm, is there anything I should be concerned about, Fox?”

“Not at all, Hokage-sama.”

“Who injured you, then?”

“Former elder Tanaka Uchiha, Hokage-sama.”

“Former?”

“Yes, Hokage-sama. May his soul rest in peace.”

There was a long pause. Blue eyes stared at her without blinking. He was waiting for her to
laugh and say it is a joke. Ryoko didn’t do any of that. She was too tired to play games.
Either way, Minato would find out about it, sooner or later.

“Am I to understand that Tanaka-san is deceased?”

“Yes, Hokage-sama.”

“How?... Why?...” he stumbled unsure where to even start. Was Ryoko finally losing her shit
from all the PTSD? Or was she the victim of an attack? Or was there something more serious
going on inside the Uchiha clan? Minato would have all of these questions plaguing his mind
right now. Even ANBU hidden in the shadows tensed.

“Shi e no kai. This is clan affairs, you need not be concerned, Hokage-sama.”

“Ahh… I see,” Minato finally looked like he was not so lost anymore. Thankfully, it was her
father who would have to do the explanations later on. Ryoko was just too tired to do any
more talking at the moment. The girl slightly swayed in her spot. The lightheadedness from
the blood loss on top of Mangekyo use was letting itself be known.

“Hound, make sure Fox gets to the hospital,” the blond finally ordered and she allowed to be
swept away by the familiar staticky chakra into the shadows of teleportation jutsu.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 41: Spring
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Fugaku was glad to finally return home after a long trip. He missed Miko and his children.
Itachi was good company, but he could never replace his mother. They stepped through the
gates and were greeted with deep bows by a few Uchiha from the police who were just
passing by.

Well, that’s oddly respectful. Usually, a single nod was enough in public and especially for
the shinobi on duty. “Hn,” he hummed after another pair of clansmen bowed even deeper as
Itachi passed by them.

“Son, let us go directly home,” he said, feeling suspicious about the odd behavior. Of course,
he liked the sincere respect he saw, but what could have changed over a few weeks they were
away? Just before the trip, the clan was getting restless about his decisions…

“Yes, father, I agree,” his ever perceptive son nodded in agreement.

Before they reached the compound Shisui appeared before them with a wide smile stretched
across his face and a hand rubbing at the back of his neck. Suspicion confirmed! “What
happened?” Fugaku cut to the chase as his eyes narrowed on the boy.

“Oh nothing much,” the boy nervously giggled.

“Shisui,” Itachi said very calmly. The boy before them paled slightly, but his fake smile
remained.

“Hhaha… well.. You see… maybe not here?” he said. Fugaku shared a look with his son and
only then nodded. Shisui clasped on their shoulders and flickered away.

He instantly recognized the familiar craftsmanship of the Spring temple in the Uchiha
compound. An odd, but understandable choice. “Talk,” Fugaku crossed arms over his chest
waiting for the bad news. He already expected the elders to devolve into mutiny, so he was
ready for anything Shisui had overheard.

“Ahh, maybe it would be easier if I showed..” the boy said, still nervous about whatever
knowledge he heard. Shisui led them deeper into the temple until he finally opened the big
doors leading to the meeting hall.

Fugaku’s eyes instantly noticed a black charred skull sitting on the table. He froze in the spot
feeling like his legs got rooted to the ground. “What’s the meaning of this?” he practically
growled at the poor boy.

“Ah, Fugaku-sama,” Shisui hesitated for a second before inhaling and straightening up.
“When you were gone and hime was out on a mission, elders gathered for a secret meeting.”



“Old bastards,” he muttered as his assumptions were confirmed. “So, what happened? Who is
it? Don’t tell me it’s elder Honda...”

Shisui shook his head hesitantly. “Well… I sent a message.. Because I knew where her
mission was… and she was the closest… I could not let them go against family…”

“So you called my sister?” Itachi snapped his cold manner of speaking wavering.

“Yes, cousin. I sent a message to hime and she came. She took care of everything.”

“What?” Itachi said what was on his mind as well. “What does that mean?”

“...elder Tanaka challenged her to Shi e no Kai…”

Maybe it was fatigue or another kind of exhaustion, or maybe desperation and relief, but
Fugaku laughed. “He challenged Ryoko? You gotta be joking, Shisui…”

“Emmm, no, Fugaku-sama. He really did. She was very angry… She cut his head off and
burned him away with Amaterasu.”

Itachi turned away and instantly left presumably to find Ryoko. Fugaku stayed staring at the
skull. He brushed a hand over his face and let out a tired sigh. “What happened then, Shisui?
I am not even going to ask how you know all this.”

“Ah, well I left one of my summons in case hime would need any help,” Shisui smirked
apologetically. “So, after that… she… made a point that such behavior will not be tolerated…
and then proceeded to hear out their complaints and they even approved her suggestions
about opening up the Police Force to other clans…”

Shisui spoke fast and his stray thoughts blurred together. Fugaku was still hung up on the fact
that his little princess was forced to protect the honor of their family… She had already done
so much… Poor darling of his was always there when he needed her…

He exhaled once more and picked up the skull. Right. Now that he is back, Fugaku has to
deal with the outcome. He has to either approve or condemn her actions. Not like Ryoko had
any choice if she was challenged by an elder with him and the firstborn heir gone. She did
what she had to do.

Dramatical flair was something he would have gone without, but she made her point. “Thank
you, Shisui. I value your loyalty. Is… Ryoko alright?” Fugaku glanced at the boy.

“Yeah, she wasn’t that injured so…”

“INJURED?” his eyes instantly widened and chakra around him sparked with a dangerous
glint.

“Ah, it’s really not a big deal. Hokage-sama ordered her to be taken to the hospital, so she is
completely fine, Fugaku-sama.”



He sighed again. “Shisui… I swear… Tell me exactly what happened detail by detail… no,
better yet, show me. Right. Now,” he ordered. If Hokage got wind of any of this, he must
know exactly how bad Uchiha would get from the council for the treacherous rumors of a
coup.

After long thirty minutes of watching Shisui’s memories and those of his summons, Fugaku
finally walked towards his home. Skull casually clenched in his hand for everyone to see.
Face calm and collected.

Clansmen bowed deeply as he walked past them, as they should. He was ready to rip a couple
more old heads off but contained his anger. Fugaku stopped at the central square of their
compound. With a kunai impaled into a wooden post, he placed the skull on top of it. He was
not about to brush aside blatant disrespect shown to their family and keep the evidence of it
hidden away in a temple.

No, Fugaku will make them see what happens to those who doubt his leadership. Who doubts
his family. And maybe this was a tad too dramatic, and maybe this is where Ryoko got it
from, but Fugaku was pissed and he wanted everyone to know that.

Calmly he turned around and walked away. Back home, he was greeted by Mikoto. She
didn’t dare to hug him just yet, sensing his current chakra state. Which was not great.

“She’s sleeping,” Mikoto whispered, taking his traveling robe off his shoulders.

“Hn.”

Fugaku passed Itachi who just left Ryoko’s room. The boy nodded and his relaxed face told
Fugaku that his princess was indeed fine and not injured. He saw her form calmly sleeping on
the bed.

Ryoko had grown so much, but she was still his little girl. He walked towards her without
making a sound. I’m sorry that you had to do it alone… he thought while gently brushing a
hand over her hair.

“Daddy?” she stirred and her eyes fluttered open to meet his.

“Thank you, Ryoko,” he whispered leaning in. A gentle kiss was placed on her forehead with
all the tenderness and care he felt deep inside for this child.

“Hn.”

“Hn.”

“...”

“You shouldn’t leave skulls in the temple,” he remarked, still looking deep into her sleepy
eyes.

“Oh… that’s where I put it! I forgot it there actually,” she yawned.



Fugaku raised his eyebrow. “You forgot?”

“Yes. After that meeting, I had to report on a mission. Then I just slept for a few days. Father,
can I decorate my room with it?”

He blinked a few times and smiled. “Let me think about that. I don’t think your mother would
like it,” Fugaku was not about to disappoint her, but to ignore such a macabre request was
also hard… He probably should speak with Inoichi about this…

“Ah, alright,” Ryoko nodded in understanding.

“Sleep now,” he said one last time before leaving. There was much to be done. “Itachi, come,
there is work to do, thanks to your sister's efforts,” he said to the boy. She opened the gates
for them to start on the initiatives of integrating the clan back into the village. Ryoko was a
blessing in disguise. A true Uchiha he was proud to call his daughter.

━━━━━━━━━━

Spring was coming to an end and Itachi admired the blooming Sakura tree in their garden.
The way nature managed to raise from the dead always fascinated him. His musings were
interrupted when he heard little feet tapping on the hardwood floor, and then Sasuke
pummeled into his legs for a hug.

“Good morning,” he smiled sweetly at his adorable little brother. Sasuke might even be more
adorable than Ryoko was at that age.

“Aniki! Can we really train later today?” the little boy chattered excitedly as he led them both
into the kitchen to help mother prepare breakfast.

“Yes, I promised, haven’t I?” Itachi said taking the plates and handing them to Sasuke.

“Darling, call your sister for breakfast. She returned late yesterday,” Mikoto said to him as
she stirred the soup in a big pot.

“I’ll do it!” Sasuke perked up. He was full of energy today. Itachi could only smile at the
little boy, who left without waiting for their response.

As Itachi took a seat next to his father by the dining table, shortly Sasuke returned, dragging
Ryoko by the hand. She was completely immersed in a thick book in her other hand. He
slightly frowned looking her over.

Ryoko looked pale and tired. She was clearly overworked and very likely injured from some
mission. He didn’t like to see her this way. Mostly, because there was just so little he could
do for her. He could not wait to become the official clan leader and drag his little sister away
from the shadows before she faced an untimely end.

They ate more or less in comfortable silence. With Sasuke sharing a few stories about his
new friends from other clans and Ryoko flipping the pages of her book in the background.
This was nice, Itachi thought, nodding at Sasuke together with Fugaku.



“Honey, you barely touched your plate, is there something wrong with the rice?” Mikoto
asked Ryoko. He raised his eyes slightly and noticed that their mother was right. The girl
barely touched anything on her plate.

“It’s fine. I’m not hungry actually. If you’ll excuse me,” Ryoko said nonchalantly and retired
back to her room ignorant of the frozen in shock stares from her family.

Mikoto’s chopsticks dropped to the ground from her hand. Fugaku scrunched his face staring
intently at where Ryoko was just a moment ago. Sasuke was the only one who continued to
eat without an obvious reaction.

Itachi was no less stunned than his parents. It was one thing for Ryoko to not ask for seconds,
but to skip a meal entirely? That’s suspicious.

“Maybe she’s sick?” Mikoto whispered with her wide eyes glancing from Fugaku to Itachi.

“Ane is not sick,” Sasuke commented casually as he picked a slice of tomato and put it on his
plate.

“Hn? Then what is the matter?” Fugaku asked.

“Ane is upset. She has been for a few weeks now,” the boy shrugged leaving everyone else
speechless. “You can see it in her eyes when she thinks that no one is looking,” the boy
shrugged.

Right. Sasuke was an Uchiha just like him. He was not an ordinary brainless child. He
noticed things. Now that he thought back, for the past month Ryoko did act more distant than
usual. He only assumed that it was because of missions...

“I’ll check on her,” Itachi put down his chopstick and stood up. If his sister was upset, it was
his duty as the older brother to fix it whatever it was. Fugaku nodded, hiding his concern
behind an emotionless mask that Ryoko had mastered as well. Mikoto didn’t object either,
with her own worry far more visible. The woman hugged Sasuke instead.

Itachi knocked on Ryoko’s door before entering. She was curled up on her bed and looked so
small and fragile, that his heart ached. Something was definitely wrong. He carefully sat
down on the edge and brushed the hair covering her face.

Her eyes looked slightly red, but not sharingan kind of red. The kind of red he never wanted
to see on his sister’s face. Itachi’s hand froze for a second before he started brushing her hair
in a soothing manner.

“Talk to me,” he whispered barely audibly.

Ryoko tilted her head up and he saw the pain Sasuke mentioned before. Tears were already
gathering in the corners of her eyes. She looked broken and hurt. “Why don’t people like me,
‘tachi?”

His hand in her hair stopped once more. This was not just a regular question. He pushed the
anger that was rising inside of him aside. “Who hurt you?” was the only thing he asked. The



boy knew firsthand how cruel others could be towards an Uchiha.

Itachi only never expected those words to get to his strong sister now. He protected her for
years until it started to look like she was not bothered. He was wrong. Ryoko clearly was
bothered and hurt to the core. Yet she didn’t tell him anything else.

The boy hugged his sister and allowed her to cry on his shoulder as long as she needed.
Every little sob and shutter going over her body pained Itachi. It was heartbreaking to hear as
Ryoko never cried before. Ever.

━━━━━━━━━━

1 month ago.

Ryoko has been contemplating her future ever since the marriage question was raised by the
elders. Father of course was on her side and had no issues shooting down the potential
candidates presented to him. However, he will eventually have to make a choice.

Whereas her older brother was concerned, he had already chosen a local girl from the clan. It
was not official or something he talked about, but everyone inside their family knew about
the shy Izumi who circled the boy since they were children.

His marriage was planned to happen no later than his 20th birthday. That is when Itachi
would officially take over as the head of the Uchiha clan. Fugaku didn’t have this luxury at
his time. During the war, many died including the former head of the clan. The young heir
had to take over. That is when Fugaku vowed to secure peace so that his children would not
be burdened before they are ready.

Ryoko was granted the same courtesy of time as her brother. Yet, being a hime, she got the
short end of the straw - her due date was until her 18th birthday. So that means one and a half
years to find the right match.

It is not a lot of time, but not nothing either. Ryoko didn’t complain when her father
announced this. She only nodded and continued with her hunt for a potential match. Elders
suggested members from the Uchiha clan, but none could even compare to her strength.
Leaving Ryoko to hunt for a worthy candidate herself.

(Un)fortunately, one of the strongest bachelors was Jiraiya the Toad sannin, and self-
proclaimed pervert. She would not mind his kinks, but Ryoko had a feeling that her clan
would not approve of their age difference.

Then there were a bunch already married, potentially strong men, to her displeasure. There
was a moment or two when she considered playing dirty… Another woman was not a wall
after all. You could walk around it, crush it, remove it… That was left as her last resort if
everything else fails.

Now taking away those who are taken, those who are dead or too old for her clan's liking…
only a handful remained. Not at all an impressive handful.



“Hmm… strongest you ask? From our generation? Maito Gai, despite his… well, everything,
is actually a fierce taijutsu master,” Anko thought aloud after Ryoko asked her friend about it.

Ryoko blinked. Gai? That green beast… Kami, she said to herself that anyone would do for
this political marriage, but… Gai? Even if he was a God of Shinobi, Ryoko was not sure that
she could survive spending more than a few days with the man.

“Hn,” she muttered, stabbing one dango with her skewer and munching on it. The girl
thought that maybe public records were not as accurate, so that is why she asked Anko
instead. The girl was mingling with a lot of shinobi and knew what’s what.

Ryoko herself spent the most time in the shadows. Her eyes spotted a few potential
candidates between the ranks. The only problem was, that they were not public figures. Hell,
she didn’t even know some of their names. The whole point of this marriage was to be a
power couple and not completely merge into the background.

“But I guess, besides Gai it’s pretty obvious who’s the strongest from our generation,” Anko
added after a long pause she took to think.

“Hn? Who? And my brother or cousins don’t count.”

“Oh… well, your brother would be my second pick. My first pick is Bakashi of course. He is
a prodigy like you.”

“Huh, Hatake? I didn’t even consider,” Ryoko looked into the distance mildly stunned.
Indeed, she saw his name in the statistics list. But somehow, her eyes would just skip it,
because it was just… Kakashi. The stupid idiot she spared with from time to time.

“Are you looking for a new sparring partner?” Anko asked.

“Something like that,” the girl hummed in response. Her thoughts were now busy pulling the
memories of Kakashi. The way he fights. The level of his skills. His attitude would be an
issue, but she was not some weakling. Ryoko was an Uchiha and she would endure it.

After parting ways with Anko, she went to the library to get more information on the Hatake
clan. As expected, his predecessors were no less famous and skilled. That’s a good sign. The
girl spent a whole week gathering intel and debating over the subject.

No matter how you look at it, Kakashi was the only one of appropriate age, heritage, and
level of skill to stand with her. Ryoko laid on her bed thinking if her clan would approve…
They probably would. Him having a sharingan eye is already a reason why they would want
to keep the man close to the clan.

Ryoko twirled the necklace between her fingers and approached the last hurdle - Kakashi
himself. Obviously, she didn’t have any feelings for the idiot. He was more of a friend and a
comrade than anything else. The girl didn’t know if he felt the same. She thought so before,
but then her birthday came…



She looked at the wolf pendant in contemplation. If he made such a gift to her, maybe he
would be open to this arrangement? For an instant, she considered simply manipulating the
guy and charming him, but it would be rather disrespectful to him. Kakashi already knew the
true her, more than anyone.

That is how Ryoko came to a conclusion, to be frank with him. Well, as frank as one could be
with a man. They were fragile beings after all. One wrong word and they will make an
emotional drama out of the simplest matter. So she decided to take it slow, test her waters and
see where he stands.

Another week passed when an opportunity presented itself. Ryoko walked to the training
grounds and found Kakashi already stretching for their upcoming spar. The sky was gray and
chilly, with storm clouds gathering above their heads.

Alright. You got this. Just ask and that’s it. If he says no, that’s fine… Ryoko told herself
although she was not sure where the feeling of dread was coming from. This was Bakashi, for
Kami’s sake! He will probably think it over and present his arguments and then they could
discuss it and then…

“Yo!” he raised one hand leisurely coming out from a handstand and settling on the grass for
the last part of stretching.

“Kakashi, I have a question,” she stopped a few feet away, face calm, serious, arms crossed
over her chest. Proud Uchiha just like any other day.

“Hn?”

“Would you like to date me?” yes, she decided to take baby steps. His opinion on dating
would show her if Kakashi has any intentions other than their friendship. That will allow her
to choose an appropriate plan of action for suggesting an alliance via an arranged marriage…

Kakashi paused for a second and then dropped his head back with a burst of boisterous
laughter echoing over the clearing. “Hahahah! That’s funny! And here I thought that only
Obito had any sense of humor between Uchiha…”

He was saying something else, but Ryoko stopped listening. If this were a scene from a
movie, the camera would pan out, the colors would fade, and the whole world around her
would shatter from his laughter. Ouch. It hurt.

Yes, she expected him to say no, but… to laugh? Right in her face? That just plainly hurt. She
didn’t like him that way either, but to react like this… It was as if she just got a wet slap on
her face. Was her idea really that absurd?

“Right, funny, I know,” she muttered coldly and turned away. Something was clutching
below her ribs. A hurt that could equal a stab with a kunai. She felt sick, humiliated, and
insulted. She couldn’t stand hearing his voice anymore.

“Where are you going?” Kakashi called from behind.



“Something came up. I’ll let you know when I have time again,” Ryoko managed to choke
out with a voice devoid of any emotions. If he had seen her eyes, Kakashi would probably
notice the deep hurt in them.

The girl flickered away to the safety of her compound. Only back in her room, Ryoko
allowed her mask to completely crumble. She clutched a hand over her chest and heaved.
Ouch. It hurt so bad. His laughter was still ringing in her ears and intensifying her pain.

“Seriously? Am I that horrible of a person that he thought it was a joke?” Ryoko whispered,
completely confused. All shinobi were killers, so what’s the difference between her and
others? Just because she doesn’t pretend or put on a ‘cute’ act, it does not mean that Ryoko
doesn’t have feelings.

Currently, her feelings were hurt. Her pride was bruised. Her confidence wavered. She
snickered bitterly. “Not like I should be surprised… no one ever liked me without my
mask…” the girl looked up at the ceiling with tears swelling in her eyes.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Honestly, I don't know how Kakashi will come back from this :/



P.S. Glad to share some fan art of Ryoko!




Art Reference




Chapter 42: Summer
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Shikaku’s frown deepened as he watched the girl play shogi with his son. She looked distant.
Her eyes, while still following the game, looked miles away. Preoccupied with whatever
troubles clouded her mind.

“Shikamaru, go help your mother with dinner,” he finally said.

“But, daaad! One more game, pleaaaase,” he knew exactly where his son was coming from.
To play against Ryoko was fun for any Nara. Her mind just worked differently. It adapted
quickly and challenged their strategies. And it didn't matter if she lost in the end or not. It was
all in the way she moved her pieces.

“Now, Shikamaru,” he said and practically shoved away his son, then smoothly took his place
against Ryoko. She had grown up a lot from the small pouty kid he first met a decade ago.
Shikaku looked at her for a second before pouring a glass of sake for her.

“Hn,” in translation: ‘Thank you, Shikaku-sama, for the drink. I appreciate it.’

“Hmm. Just don’t tell your father about it,” he playfully winked after clunking his own glass
to hers. Ryoko didn’t react like she usually would. Her eyes were extremely plain. Not a
single shred of herself was left on the surface.

This was concerning. If he didn’t know better, he would think that Ryoko took a lesson or
two from Root operatives. But unfortunately, that could not be the case. Shikaku had a guess,
no, a theory. Yet it was a delicate matter.

A few months ago the council was notified about what transpired in the Uchiha clan. He, like
some others, was not happy to hear about the death of a fellow Konoha citizen, but it was
what it was. The Nara clan had their own history and age-old traditions. He was not the
person to judge Uchiha.

Shikaku was more concerned about one specific Uchiha. Ryoko. The elders made a grave
error by challenging her. Young Itachi would probably have shown mercy. Not her. Ryoko
was her father’s daughter - ruthless, proud, and oh so strong. Even Shikaku would think twice
before challenging this girl.

Despite her battle skills, the man was worried about her mental state. Uchiha cared deeply
about their own so to kill a fellow clansman would be a substantial trauma. He watched
Ryoko from afar, even spoke with Inoichi who apparently was asked by Fugaku to have a
session with her (and thank Kami Fugaku asked for it, otherwise Shikaku would have had to
intervene).



All seemed fine and well until it wasn’t. Shikaku would have missed the signs entirely if not
for the worried looks Itachi gave Ryoko, whenever the two walked around. That made Nara
look closer until he saw it too. Iciness in her eyes. Detachment and complete neutrality.

“Ryoko, how are you?” he asked straight when her empty cup was placed back on the
ground. She moved a shogi piece before answering.

“Fine.”

“You look preoccupied. Is there a problem you cannot solve?”

“Hn. More like a dilemma.”

“I see. Would you like to discuss it?”

“No.”

“I would like to help you, Ryoko.”

“Why?” for the first time she raised her eyes from the board to look at his face. Her question
was as genuine as a child would say it. She honestly wanted to know why he extended the
help. Could it mean that she is struggling and his act came as a surprise because no one else
would offer their help?

Only, he knew that Ryoko had her family behind her. She had her comrades. So why would
she be questioning the reasoning behind his offer? Shikaku opened his mouth to answer but
stopped himself at the last minute. His instincts were telling him that this was a trap.

Shikaku has been married for almost as long as Ryoko was alive. And the success behind his
happy relationship was simple. He quickly learned to trust this exact instinct to guide him
while communicating with his wife.

Ryoko was a girl. No, she was practically a woman now. He could not be as blunt with her
anymore. He had to think carefully before answering the tricky question. “I want to help you,
because… I care about you. You are a dear friend to me.”

She stared for a good moment as if judging his sincerity. Was it odd for her that such an old
man considered her as a friend? Or would she be upset that it is only a friendly bond they
have?

“Hn,” her eyes returned to the board. Shikaku could only interpret that as ‘alright, your
answer is acceptable’. “I will think about your offer,” she added more quietly as the game
continued. Shikaku smiled gently. This was a start.

━━━━━━━━━━

Mikoto had many skills. One of them was to act like nothing's wrong even when everything
is burning down. She ignored the way Ryoko didn’t struggle at being dragged away to the
village on her day off. She ignored how her opinionated daughter didn’t complain even once.



“You’ll love it, honey,” she smiled, tugging Ryoko farther into the buzzing village towards
their destination.

“Hn,” the girl muttered without much fight in her. It was sad to see her baby so upset. That is
why Mikoto planned today's outing.

“Here we are!” she pointed at an old traditional hot spring.

“Hn.”

They settled in a private room where they could change in peace from any prying eyes.
Mikoto needed privacy for what she wanted to talk about with her daughter. As they settled
in the hot water, she glanced at Ryoko.

“Darling, do you know how old I was when I married your father?”

The girl shook her head slightly. Long black strands would have mimicked the gesture if they
weren’t stuck to the girl's wet skin. Mikoto imagined that her husband would look similar if
he only grew his hair longer. The two were more alike than either wanted to admit. She
smiled at Ryoko with fond eyes.

“I was thirteen when we were wed. Fugaku’s father had just passed and our clan head cannot
lead alone… so there we were,” her eyes looked in the distance remembering that day.
Fugaku was so shy and jittery next to her, that it made her feel instantly better about the
whole situation.

“Hn.”

“What do you think about that, Ryoko?” she asked knowing full well, that otherwise, her
daughter won’t comment.

“It makes sense. The clan needs both to stay united,” the girl finally said a very diplomatic
response. But that is not what Mikoto wanted to hear. She hummed considering her options.

“Are you concerned about being forced into an arranged marriage?”

“No.”

She watched her daughter intently and could not spot a lie in her words. Huh. Looks like it
really didn’t bother Ryoko, as she suspected. Of course, after that day of realization, Itachi
shared with them how deeply Ryoko was upset. And it was concerning yet endearing. Mikoto
felt like for the first time she could help her independent daughter. Or at least just do
something besides watching her grow up on her own.

“Good. So, is there a boy you like then?”

“No!” the answer came swiftly and sharply, contradicting Ryoko's statement. Mikoto
smirked. She just knew there had to be a boy involved in her daughter's despair! No Uchiha
woman would be that upset over nothing.



She was about to pry further when movement caught her sharp eye. By the look of how
Ryoko’s hand twitched, she too felt it. Mikoto extended her senses and spotted the target. Her
eyes opened with a vicious glare burring in them.

“PERVERT!” the woman yelled as she produced a kunai from thin air and flung it to the wall
separating their bath from someone else's. In a blink, she was wrapped in a towel and sending
a kick to follow her kunai at the target.

She punched straight through the straw wall. Eye’s figuratively seeing red, she grabbed onto
white hair and picked up the man whom she successfully hit. “You looking at my daughter,
scum????!!!”

“Now now! Wait a minute!” the man sputtered to explain. “I’m just doing research!”

“Mother, don’t waste your time. That is the Legendary Pervert Jiraiya,” Ryoko appeared by
her side with an impassive face looking at them through the hole in the wall.

Mikoto instantly dropped the sannin as if she just touched something gross. Her face soured
as well. Eeeew! Who knows where that man had been! Only then she noticed someone else
present in Jiraiya’s side of the bath.

“Oh! Cherry-san! Apologies for disturbing you,” she chirped happily. Mikoto really liked that
boy. He was not only easy on the eyes, but fun to be around. Her anger flipped into a cheerful
expression without even blinking.

“Oh, not at all. Would you like to join us for lunch?” Cherry said smoothly and here they are.
Sat on tatami floors around a joint table, wearing their robes, fresh out of hot springs.

“So, you’re Orochi’s brat, huh?” Jiraiya leaned towards Ryoko but did not elicit any reaction
from the girl. Her motherly instincts tingled, that that man cannot be left alone with any
woman. She spotted how his eyes traveled from Ryoko’s face down her neck and…

“You move those eyes any lower and I will cut your balls off!” Mikoto hissed with a kunai
poking at Jiraiya’s side.

“Yes, Orochimaru-sama is my sensei,” Ryoko said casually, while Jiraiya only laughed
nervously, his head dropped back to look at the ceiling. Good choice.

“You haven't stopped by in a while,” Cherry sat next to her daughter, while Mikoto was still
whispering threats to Jiraiya's ear.

“I was busy.”

Mikoto sighed. Her darling daughter was always so proud and determined to take the world
on all alone. Maybe if they talked… no! The goal of this trip was to have a break and distract
her! The woman reminded herself of the task and smiled.

“Soooooo, Cherry-san, what are you two doing here?”



“I want to do something special for Maru’s birthday this year,” dreamy eyes looked
somewhere in the distance. Mikoto could almost aww audibly at the sweet boy. Orochimaru
was one lucky man. Cherry, despite being young compared to the sannin, was surprisingly
considerate, mature, and even wise.

“Isn’t it still almost six months away?” Ryoko asked. Bingo! She finally showed genuine
interest in the conversation and Mikoto could not be happier about that. She silently thanked
Cherry in her mind.

“Yes, but it is hard to think of something… that would surprise him. That’s why I asked Jiji to
meet with me and give me some ideas,” the pink-haired one explained.

Jiraiya inhaled sharply as if hurt from being called that. “Oi! I’m not an old man! I am the
same age as Orochimaru!”

“I didn’t say it was a bad thing,” Cherry hid a smirk behind his sake glass, while the sannin
blushed. To distract himself, the man turned his attention back to her daughter. Unfortunately.

“So, hime, why are you sulking? You would look much better with a smile, ahaha!”
something about the way that man laughed just creeped Mikoto out. So naturally, she hit him
over the head.

“I am looking for a worthy husband. It is a drag as local shinobi are too weak,” Ryoko
deadpanned as blunt as one can be. “Are you still single, Jiraiya-sama?” the girl leaned closer
with a koi smile on her lips.

The man’s eyes almost popped out of his sockets as he urgently scrambled back away from
Ryoko. And people still called him a legendary sannin! Mikoto laughed at the scene,
internally glad that her daughter finally joked and ate and at least smirked. This was progress.

━━━━━━━━━━

Alright. When he said it, he didn’t expect her to actually show up again. But here she was in
all her Uchiha glory. The one and only Ryoko hime. Ibiki smirked at the teen who waited in
his office leaning on his desk.

“Hmm, I’ll have to start feeding that cat that keeps dragging you in here,” he chuckled,
walking around the desk and placing the files he carried in one of the drawers. His eyes took
a chance and peaked at the girl's back. Just as expected, the sight of her behind on his desk
was alluring.

“Should I leave my cat in here for you to look after then?” her voice was neutral and it really
got Ibiki by surprise. He stilled for a second.

Noooooo way… But… Nooo! This cannot be! Uchiha would not use an innuendo…. But
maybe?... he carefully considered his next words. “I wouldn’t mind petting your cat.”

She glanced over her shoulder and there it was! A mischievous smile proving that angelic
princess knew exactly what she was talking about! That little minx!



“Well, you said I could cum any time?” she asked as if nothing just happened, her face again
neutral and angelic. As if she didn’t drop another innuendo on his head. They both knew
exactly what she said. Oh, this was a challenge he would gladly participate in!

“Hmm… That I did. Wanna check out my latest guests?”

“Sounds fun!”

Kami, she looked hot when her eyes sparkled like that from the prospect of torture. Girls
usually scoffed at his job. Even kunoichi gave him side glances. They all pretend like they
were better than him. Even though most of them used mental warfare on a daily basis!

Ibiki was glad to find a kindred disturbed soul like his. Ryoko gets it. The importance of
torture and the art behind it. So he waves the procedures and takes her down to the basement.

What he liked the most about her, was that you could be in complete silence with her, not
saying a word for hours and it would still be completely fine. Probably the best hours of your
life. Comfortable and relaxing.

Then you could spend hours talking with her about any possible subject and it would be
equally as entertaining. Her intelligence never ceased to amaze Ibiki. It never was too much
either. Ryoko’s presence didn’t overcomplicate anything. She was just there existing without
bothering those around her…

“Wanna try?” he whispered as they watched a session over the two-way mirror window into
one of the interrogation rooms.

“Can I?” her eyes glimmered with excitement. It looked genuine. And there was something
more to it. Something dark. He recognized it as anger. Interesting.

Ibiki didn’t want to ask outright. He knew that Ryoko probably had plenty of things that
plagued her mind. He was not here to judge. He was here to support her and give her the
good time she needed.

“Sure thing, foxie,” the man winked at her and that was the start of an unexpected connection
between the two.

Ryoko stopped by surprisingly often. So much so, that he actually listed the girl as an intern
at the T&I division. Ibiki was of course not stupid, he knew that something was bothering her
and this was her outlet. He also could not complain because her methods were highly
effective and creative.

And then there was the fact that Ryoko was incredibly nice to look at. He loved watching her
from a corner of a cell or from the other side of the glass. How she held herself with
prisoners. How she put the fear of kami into them. How her hips moved when she walked.
Breathtaking.

━━━━━━━━━━



Shisui just finished another mission and it was a tough one. Something he hoped to forget
sooner rather than later. So to speed up the process, he walked into a bar. To his surprise, he
right away noticed a familiar head of hair there.

“Princess! It’s not good to drink alone,” he hugged the girl from behind.

“That’s a stupid thought,” Ryoko deadpanned unamused. He chuckled and took an empty
spot next to her by the bar. This was actually perfect. He was the one who didn’t want to
drink alone...

“Soooo, why are you drinking, cousin?”

“Because.”

Shisui gave her a side-eye. Itachi already told him about what happened and now he saw it
for himself. It was true. Ryoko was upset. Naturally, he felt a duty to cheer her up. Or at least
get her drunk enough to find out who exactly was the cause for her pain.

In hindsight, that probably was not the brightest idea Shisui ever had. Somehow, the fact that
his cousin was a complete lightweight when it came to alcohol, just slipped his mind. He
poured her one glass after the other. What eventually led him to this - Ryoko passed out in his
arms.

He couldn’t just bring her home in the state she was in. Itachi would definitely kill him. The
only logical solution was to say hello to their little friend - mr. lake. “Please don’t kill me,
hime,” Shisui whispered, brushing a loose strand from Ryoko’s face as he said his prayers
standing on the end of an old wharf.

The boy inhaled and jumped in.

It was summer, so the water wasn’t that bad. Yet it was the middle of the night, so Ryoko
awoke immediately after the two submerged. She flailed in his grasp until her eyes adjusted.
The girl trusted him and relaxed completely before the two emerged back to the surface.

“Welcome back, Koko,” Shisui winked, still holding Ryoko by the waist underwater just in
case she is too drunk to swim on her own.

“Shisui… You got me in here, you’re taking me out,” she said not at all amused, but at least
her speech didn’t slur anymore. Ryoko wrapped her arms around his neck and just floated
next to him without attempting to swim back on her own.

“You can trust me, princess,” it was supposed to sound strong and reassuring, but his voice
was consumed by the night. “Can you tell me something?” Shisui whispered to her ear.

“Hn?”

“Are you okay?”

“Hmmm… I’m okay right now,” she said, resting her chin on his shoulder.



“Is there any way I can help you?”

“Don’t be my family anymore…”

“What?” he swears he heard it right. But it did not make sense. Did he upset Ryoko? Shisui
could not recall anything of that sort.

“Nothing… nevermind,” her voice trailed away and it did not reassure him in the least. Shisui
scrunched his face before making his way with the girl to the shore. The two finally plopped
on the grass exhausted from the physical activity after a long night of drinking.

“Koko, did you mean it? Did I upset you?”

“Yes and no.”

He blinked, mildly shocked by her bluntness. Of course, this was nothing new. Ryoko always
spoke her mind straight. So that led Shisui to believe that she really did want them to be
strangers… and it hurt. “Why… why don’t you want to be family anymore?”

“Because then I could marry you,” she sighed.

His mouth opened in a perfect O shape. The teen gaped at his cousin for a while before words
came back to him. “Ah… mm… well…” he stammered, while his heart increased its pace. So
she really wasn’t upset with him. She actually liked him enough to want to marry him. That
thought made his whole insides warm and fuzzy. “I’m sorry?”

“Don’t be,” she sighed again and pushed from the ground to sit with her head dropped back
to look at the stars. “It’s not your fault that everyone else around is so weak and pathetic.”

Shisui snickered as he watched her form. His hand reached Ryoko’s palm and intertwined
their fingers. “You worry too much, Koko. You’ll find someone good, I am sure of it,” he
squeezed her hand gently to accent his words. Mentally telling her to believe in his words. He
was here and he would always support her.

She glanced over her shoulder with a small smile on her lips just for him. Ryoko’s dark eyes
looked almost like the starry sky behind her. Her wet hair made the girl look smaller and
gentler than Shisui ever saw her before. She was not the same little girl that played NINJA
with them in the back garden. Ryoko was and always will be someone very important to him.

“Thank you, Shisui.”

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Oof! Thank you guys for the overwhelming support on the previous chapter! <3






Chapter 43: Autumn
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It was the last day of August when Kakashi realised something… As he returned home from
a long undercover mission, he stepped over the threshold of his apartment and inhaled deeply
the familiar scent. Strange. The smell was missing something he thought.

He tugged the mask down and searched for the answer with his sense of smell alone. It felt
like everything was in its place, yet something was definitely off. Kakashi thought back to
how his home smelled months ago… It had the unmistakable scent of spices that was now
completely gone.

Ryoko, he realized. So she hasn’t been here even when he was gone… The man never
thought he would say this, but her not breaking into his apartment was weird. Just in case,
Kakashi checked his kitchen and there was yet another proof.

Her favorite tea was still there untouched as well as the sweets he always kept in the
refrigerator. The first thought in his mind was that maybe something happened to her. He
quickly shook his head to get rid of the paranoid idea. No. Ryoko probably was busy with
missions.

Worry not yet fully gone from his mind, Kakashi decided to take a shower as if the water
would wash away his thoughts too. As the man undressed, he brushed over the pendant on his
neck. Right. The last time he didn’t get the chance to show her that he took the challenge.

He smiled thinking how angry Ryoko will be to have lost to him. “Maybe I should look for
her tomorrow…” he contemplated. It would be great to stretch and fight her again. Noone
like that little Uchiha managed to push his limits.

As he stood under the hot stream of water in the shower Kakashi recalled the last spar he had
with Ryoko. Instinctively his mind dissected her moves and strategy to mentally prepare for
tomorrow.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko lazily turned in her bed content to sleep a few more hours on this rare day off she had
between the missions. Yet the sun was already invading her room. She growled and pulled
the covers over her head.

Just five more minutes… she pleaded, closing her eyes in hopes to fall back to the land of
dreams. Nothing happened. That’s it. Her training regiment and missions finally broke her.
She was officially unable to sleep for hours anymore. The girl felt dread creep into her.

She didn’t want to go anywhere or do anything. It would be just fine with her to stay in bed
all day. With mind empty like a blank canvas. Only it was not that simple. With her senses



awake and sharp, the girl could not ignore the silver chain around her neck.

Why did she even wear the stupid necklace, Ryoko could not answer even to herself. Her
hand clasped around the wolf charm and she considered crushing it in her grasp. But it would
be too easy. This item was now a reminder. A reason to steel herself from being hurt like that
ever again. To give away her trust more carefully or not at all in the future.

“Urrrgh!” she snarled while sitting up. That’s it. She had to clear her head from the pesky
emotion creeping into her mind. If at first she felt sad and hurt, now all that was left was
anger. And it was far harder to push aside.

Ryoko got dressed in her everyday dark plain clothing, gloves and jonin vest included. Even
if it was still warm outside, Ryoko had a shirt with long sleeves on. The only thing she
compromised on for the change of seasons was the turtle neck part. On this rare occasion, she
actually had a V-shaped neckline.

Ten minutes later the girl was already walking down the street towards the nearby market.
Her only goal was to get a snack and nap somewhere in the forest. Simple enough. If only life
wasn’t a cruel mistress to the Uchiha kind…

“Yo,” Ryoko twitched from the familiar greeting on her left side. She spared a glance at him
but didn’t say anything back. Simmering embers of her anger ignited under her skin.

He followed her in silence towards the sweets shop she liked. And it would not look odd
from aside. The only difference was the lack of any acknowledgment from her side. Maybe if
she ignored him long enough, he would just go away.

Ryoko walked to the park, with her unwanted shadow. She settled in the shade of a tall oak
tree expecting for him to get the hint and leave her alone. He didn’t. She tried very hard to be
the bigger person and not explode.

Kakashi sat next to her and hummed. “I noticed you’re not yourself today… I noticed the
improvement immediately,” his eyes creased in the familiar teasing smile. Before she would
snarl at such comments and tease him right back. Now, however, she sent daggers with her
eyes. He was clearly provoking her.

Then the man pulled something from beneath his shirt. It was a silver pendant in the shape of
a fox… It looked very similar to her own necklace. WHAT. THE. FUCK.

“Are you patronizing me?!” she snarled, finally losing her vow of silence. And here goes her
efforts to seal the pesky emotions away.

“Maybe?” he kept the fake smile up and it really was getting on her last nerve. Ryoko grunted
and punched him in the shoulder. This was not your regular playful hit. She heard a bone
crack. Kakashi didn’t flinch, even his eye smile didn’t waver.

Slowly the silence between them dragged on. And then he did the unthinkable… He reached
his hand and hit the bag of sweets from Ryoko’s other palm. It fell on the grass, spilling its
content very effectively.



Ryoko’s lips tightened into a thin line. The air around her cracked with chakra. There was
only a single shred of control in her left.

“Bitch.”

One word. He said one word and that was it. Ryoko jumped on her feet and lunged at the guy.
He flickered away and she followed. Her sharingan was already active as the girl chased
Kakashi to one of the training grounds.

The anger that built up in her for months could not be held back anymore. Her hands moved
quickly into hand signs. Then fire engulfed everything around her. He wanted to provoke
her? Fine. She will stoop to his level.

With war on her mind, Ryoko attacked the man she loathed. He crossed all possible bounds.
She was done with his shit and it was time to end it. The ground cracked, the trees fell, she
was out for blood.

━━━━━━━━━━

Two hours later.

Minato looked completely out of patience. He glanced between the two of them as if
expecting them to answer some unspoken question. Neither Kakashi nor Ryoko said anything
or even showed that they acknowledged there even being anything wrong.

Ryoko sure as hell was not about to admit her embarrassment in front of the Hokage. She
would rather fight Kakashi again and destroy five more training grounds. It looked like
Minato guessed what was on both of their minds - neither would talk publicly. The blond
sighed.

“Alright, you two,” he said, activating the privacy seals in his office. ANBU guards were
already dismissed. “I don’t know what’s gotten into you two, but I need it to stop. You
completely destroyed the Training Ground 13 and came at each other with the intent to kill!
That is not acceptable,” to Ryoko this felt like she was being scolded by her father. It was
uncomfortable mostly because the man was right. Killing a comrade was not something she
wanted to do…

Yet that is exactly how Minato found them. He appeared right before hers and Kakashi's
lightning techniques made contact with each other. Only Hokage's superior speed allowed
him to divert their hands and send the two in opposite directions. She crashed into tree bark,
while Kakashi flew somewhere into the bushes.

And just like that their fight was stopped. Minato lost no time in grabbing both of them by
the back of their shirts. One teleportation later they ended up here to be rightfully
reprimanded. Ryoko silently scoffed.

“I am leaving for the capital and I will be back in two hours," Minato spoke after a short
pause. "If you insist on being treated like adults, then act like it! You two will stay here and
sort your shit out like adults - with words! AM I CLEAR?!”



“Yes, Hokage-sama,” they both answered in sync, while actively avoiding those big blue
eyes. Wooden floors looked pretty interesting to Ryoko right now…

“I cannot have my two best ANBU captains at odds,” the blond shook his head in deep
disappointment. With a flicker Minato was gone, leaving the two teens locked inside his
office.

There was silence. Neither even moved from their spot in front of the Hokage’s desk.
Kakashi, being Minato’s pet, spoke up first. “What is your problem?”

Ryoko clenched fists by her sides. He dares to ask her that?? She abruptly turned to him and
practically yelled out. “YOU’RE MY PROBLEM!”

Kakashi stepped back with surprise. “Excuse me? I’m not the one who lost their shit and
went all crazy back there,” he scoffed. As if he wasn't the one who provoked her. Hell! He
even caught her hair in one instance during the fight. That alone is unforgivable even on a
good day.

“Oh. My. God. You’re so dense!” she just could not stop herself talking anymore. Or moving.
Her fist quickly raised to land on that annoying masked face. Kakashi dodged but did not
retaliate.

“Alright. So tell me then, why am I dense? What is the real reason you’re angry with me?” he
said it casually as if Ryoko wasn’t trying to stab him right now. To fight in a small office was
not the easiest thing to do, all while trying to not damage Hokage’s things. But Ryoko
couldn't care less about the consequences. She just wanted to see the teen in pain.

“Why? BECAUSE YOU LAUGHED AT ME!”

━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi blinked and almost missed the senbon aimed at his neck. Laughed? When did he do
that? Or more precisely - which time exactly is she speaking off? They laughed at each other
all the time…

He evaded her halfhearted swipes while calling back on his memories. The last time he could
recall… it was a while ago. More than three months ago even! Kakashi only now realized
that the whole summer Ryoko was not simply busy, but actively avoiding him. And before
that… during spring…

“But… it was a joke… right?” Kakashi blinked as he caught her fist aimed perfectly for his
face. Really? She was upset over that? Why would Ryoko be so bothered over a joke? It was
funny… Unless… his eye widened to comical size. “RIGHT?” he tried to get confirmation,
that yes it was a joke, but she only jumped back and looked away.

“You were serious…” he stepped back in shock. Again.

Ryoko crossed arms over her chest with her trademark pout in place, yet Kakashi did not
hurry to drop down his guard. “You really can’t blame me for thinking it was a joke,” he



deadpanned and it turned out to be not the wisest choice of words.

Ryoko literally growled and lunged at him. Kakashi silently cursed as he turned, twisted, and
then grabbed both of her wrists, so the girl could not run away or hit him again. “HEY! Stop
this already!” he yelled back at the girl in hopes to get her to stop the fighting for once.
Ryoko stilled, but her eyes held a burning flame.

Right, Minato-sensei said to use words… Kakashi thought before speaking. “What was I
supposed to think? You never showed interest before, so of course, I thought it was a joke.”

“You think I’m interested in you? Ha! Never,” well now Kakashi was completely confused.
What else could she possibly mean by asking him out? He raised an eyebrow and waited for
Ryoko to elaborate all while still keeping her in place.

She fidgeted for a bit, but with her efforts to get loose being futile, Ryoko finally spoke again.
“Clan requires me to get married before my eighteenth birthday so I was looking for someone
who could at least be close enough to my shinobi skill level for that… From every one of my
generation, you are the closest match… and you also gave me that necklace so I thought you
would be open to that idea... I would never be interested in an ass like you otherwise!”

“Marriage..?” he echoed dryly. Kakashi’s mind was railing from all the information. First of
all… MARRIAGE? Ryoko really thought they… the two of them… oh, kami no! Second,
was she really considering him to be the only strong shinobi in the village? He was flattered,
for a second, before confusion took over his mind once more.

Necklace? He didn’t give her anything… Kakashi couldn’t dwell on that though, because her
last insinuation sparked a flame within him.

What does Ryoko mean, that she would never be interested in him??? Kakashi noticed before
that this Uchiha was not like other girls. Yes, she never showed interest, but he assumed that
it was her age… or her upbringing… Eventually, all girls try to charm him at one point or
another.

So why was she so certain? What does he lack for her not to like him? Kakashi knew that this
line of thought was absurd, but his ego insisted that she had to be delirious! No girl in her
right mind wouldn’t want to date him! He was sure of it.

And maybe it was his bruised ego that spoke next because when his mind caught up, it was
already too late. “Well, you're alone in thinking that! There are plenty of girls who would like
to date me. Hmm, strange, I don’t see any boys running and chasing after you though.”

There was silence. He blinked. His instincts were telling him that danger was in the air, but
for some reason, his mind just went blank. Kakashi couldn’t move from his spot and just
stared at the girl in front of him.

Ryoko looked almost as stunned as he felt. He still held her wrists by her sides and was
thankful for that. Kakashi felt her slightly shake in place as her head tilted to the side. Shit.
This time, he instantly knew he said something out of bounds…



Before Kakashi could open his mouth to explain, Ryoko leaned back and headbutted him. His
skull rang from the impact. Her hands were released as he stumbled back. When his vision
finally cleared, Kakashi was ready to defend again.

Yet there was no need for that anymore. His hands dropped as he saw Ryoko’s face. He didn’t
see anger as expected. Instead, there were two big watery eyes looking at him. “I know
nobody likes me... but that does not give you the right to disrespect me! You didn’t have to
laugh at my face…”

“Ryoko… I…” he was cut off by the sound of opening doors. The privacy seals dropped as
the Hokage entered. Ryoko took her chance and ran past the blond outside. Kakashi turned to
make his own escape through the window, but his sensei was called a Yellow Flash for a
reason.

Minato appeared in front of him with a serious expression on his face. Privacy seals were
once again activated. “Kakashi! What did you do?”

“Nothing!” he backed away with his hands up in surrender.

“Ryoko just left my office crying. Ryoko. Crying!”

He rolled his eyes hiding the guilt that was slowly creeping up on him. “I swear, nothing! She
just asked me out, out of the blue, a few months ago. I thought it was a joke and laughed at
it…”

“YOU DID WHAT???!!” Minato’s eyes widened beyond what should be humanly possible.
Kakashi still didn’t understand what was the big deal here! He crossed his arms over his chest
in defiance.

“I mean really, why would anyone want to date her?” he blurted out. Sensei froze in his spot,
face turning serious in an instant.

“Oh Kami…” the blond whispered. “Don’t tell me you said that to her?”

“I did. I don’t understand what’s the big d…” Kakashi didn’t finish the sentence as he was
interrupted by Minato’s hand landing a hard slap on his face. The man blinked confused. He
would never expect Minato to be capable of this…

“ARE YOU STUPID?” Minato roared. He was glad that the privacy seals were in effect
because if not, the whole village would have heard his sensei yell.

“I…”

“After all that I did for you two! You just go and sabotage everthing!” Minato was pacing
back and forth, but his words were what caught Kakashi’s attention.

“Everything you did…? Sensei? What did you do?” Kakashi narrowed his eyes, getting a bad
feeling that he was missing something in this picture. Something that would explain Ryoko’s
bizarre behavior.



Minato stopped by a wall and literally banged his head at it. “I swear… how are you a
genius... “ the blond muttered.

“Sensei?! What did you do?” Kakashi repeated the question more sternly.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko flickered away as soon as she stepped out of the Hokage’s office. Her emotions were
all over the place now. After the anger was spent in the fight, adrenaline also vanished, she
felt just completely exhausted and empty.

She didn’t look where she was going. The only thought in her mind was to get somewhere
where she could feel safe to break down. So naturally, Ryoko appeared in front of her sensei’s
home. She stepped to the door just as the first raindrops started to fall from the sky.

Even the weather mirrored her emotional state.

Ryoko’s shaky hand reached for the door and knocked. Thankfully, it was Cherry who
opened it. The man's smile was gone when he looked into her eyes.

“Oh honey,” he whispered, tugging her inside. “Maru!” he yelled while leading the girl to the
living room couch. Ryoko was too tired to struggle or think for herself. She slumped on the
soft cushion. Tears were leaving hot tracks on her cheeks.

How stupid was of her to cry over an idiot like Kakashi. How weak… She felt Cherry sitting
next to her and wrapping his arms around her shoulders.

“What’ssss the matter?” she distantly recognized her sensei’s voice. Then she felt his hands
on her knees as he crouched in front of her. “Ryoko? What happened?”

This was embarrassing. This hurt. She didn't want to look weak in front of the snake, but
there was no stopping it anymore. Ryoko’s vision blurred as she struggled to answer. “Wh…
Why… don’t people like me?”

Cherry beside her sighed. “I’ll make some tea,” the man said, pulling away. His place was
instantly occupied by Orochimaru, who hugged her without hesitation. Long fingers brushed
over her hair, as Ryoko hid her face in his chest.

She didn’t know how much time passed. Eventually, her sobbing stopped. Ryoko was sitting
with her knees pulled close to her chest, holding a hot cup of tea in her hands. Sensei didn't
push her or ask any questions. He only patiently waited by her side.

"Ryoko?" Cherry called her. He was seated on the couch opposite her. His voice was gentle
and soft. "What happened?"

"I... I know that I could act in a way that would make people like me... They would see an
idea of me that would be acceptable... but..."

"But?" Orochimaru coaxed her to continue. It was hard to phrase the insecure thoughts
circling her mind. This was the dilemma she struggled with. The zugzwang of her life.



"But that would not be me. People would like an idea of me. Not the true me. And if I don't
act and actually be me, then I will be alone, but I will be myself. I... don't know if I..." she
choked on those last words. Honestly, Ryoko never cared much about relationships or
attention. She took what she needed and that's it.

But it didn't mean that it didn't hurt to know that her true self was something no one liked.
She really shouldn't care about it. But she did. Ryoko could no longer hide from that truth.
She was upset and feeling more alone than ever before. As if she was standing in a crowd of
people, yet was isolated from them. Lonely. She felt lonely.

"Lisssssten," Orochimaru put his pale hand of hers and Ryoko peaked over her bangs at the
man. "I understand what you mean," he spoke with genuineness in his voice. She could tell
that it was not empty words. "I would like to tell you that life will get eassssier, but it won't.
It'ssss never easy for people like us."

It felt like he was talking from experience. Ryoko rested her chin on the top of her knees.
"But... sensei... people like you. The whole village likes you. Cherry-san likes you..." she
whispered.

"Are you sure she is not your bastard child?" Cherry then spoke. "You and Orochi are so
alike," the man shook his head slightly. The man then stood up and returned a minute later
with a bottle of wine. Orochimaru sighed.

"Honey, whoever said that to you is an idiot," Cherry spoke as he poured the wine into three
glasses. She was handed one. "You are precious and you should always be yourself."

Ryoko sighed. The wine tasted rich and it reminded her of the past life she had. That's right.
Because of her past, Ryoko decided not to put on the mask in the first place.

"Who did say that to you?" Orochimaru asked with his calculating eyes narrowed on her.

"It doesn't matter... You're right Cherry-san," Ryoko added after another sip. "Even if I would
pretend, deep down I would still wonder and know the truth so better not to waste my time on
that at all..."

This was one existential crisis Ryoko didn't plan on having, but here she was. Questioning
whether being liked was worth the price. Wondering if she could fool people anymore. By
now, even her clan was aware of some part of her true cold self. Her family was an exception
content to give unconditional love.

They were her family, so they were forced to like her. Preconditioned to ignore her
shortcomings. But maybe that's for the best. Who even needs bonds and connections? Ryoko
felt her resolve settle. That's it. Her goal was to be a Hokage and not win a popularity contest.

After the bottle was empty, Ryoko fell asleep with her head on Orochimaru's lap. She was
exhausted and determined to become even stronger. But not today. Today she allowed herself
to be vulnerable for once in presence of those who wouldn't judge her.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter End Notes

Ryoko with tears in her eyes ://




Art Reference



Chapter 44: Winter is Coming

Orochimaru looked down at his lap and brushed another strand of dark hair from Ryoko’s
face. She was not a child anymore, but at this moment, he saw past her adult looks, and what
was in front of him, was the same small girl that huddled next to him in the cave of The Land
of Frost.

Cherry on his left side leaned closer and rested his head on the snake's shoulder. This was
probably the closest he would ever get to the notion of family. Instinctively, his hand found
Cherry’s palm and squeezed it.

“You really care for her, Maru,” his blossom whispered.

“It’ssss more than that... She changed my life. She ssssaved my life.”

“How so?”

“When I firssst met Ryoko… at that time I wassss going off the deep end and into the
darknesssss. Somehow, she hooked me and didn’t let go. She ssssomehow saw right through
me and saw something in me that otherssss, even my sensei or my team, did not. The next
moment I found myself too bussssy caring for her to lament over my own exisssstence.”

Cherry hummed nuzzling closer. “I am glad she did meet you. Otherwise, we would have
never met either.”

“That isss true,” he turned and placed a kiss on Cherry’s temple.

How bizarre. Because of Ryoko, everything changed. Over the last few years, even his
relationship with Tsunade started to rebuild itself. As they worked together in the hospital
things got easier. Orochimaru was still carrying the hurt in his chest over the blond, leaving
him behind all alone. But it was getting better. At least they were on speaking terms again.

Jiraiya’s return was not unexpected, but not entirely welcomed either. They could not just go
back to the way Team 7 was before. You could not erase decades of hurt, but he was working
on it. At least now Orochimaru recognized his bitterness, anger, sadness, and loneliness,
while Cherry kept him grounded. Helped him to stay centered and work on those issues
instead of shoving them to the depths of his mind.

“Do you plan on finding who upset, Ryoko-chan?”

“No, not intentionally,” he sighed and glanced at the redness around the sleeping girl's eyes.
“If she sayssss it is not important, I trust her. But if I ever do find out the truth… I will make
them feel the world of pain they never knew exissssted in this realm.”

“Awww, you’re so adorable, when you’re being overprotective,” Cherry chuckled.



“Adorable?” the snake arched his eyebrow. “Really? Sigh, only you could think that…” then
shook his head. Honestly, Orochimaru still had a hard time believing that Cherry did not
reject his affection.

Yes, at first he was convinced that the man only went along because of money. And sex.
Because let’s face it, it was an extraordinary experience for both of them. For a while, that
was enough. Then Orochimaru noticed thinking about Cherry more and more each passing
day until it became unbearable to stay apart.

He was shaking like never before in his life that day when he arrived at the mansion in The
Land of Sound. Even as a genin Orochimaru never felt this way. Yet, the prospect of putting
his feelings and desires out in the open terrified him unlike armies of enemy shinobi.

That day he said three simple things to Cherry. I want you. I need you. I love you. The object
of his affection answered without words, but with an embrace and a passionate kiss. His heart
fluttered the moment their lips connected. And they have not been apart ever since.

“I love you,” Orochimaru tilted his head down to look deep into Cherry’s eyes as all the
memories flooded his mind.

“I love you more, Sugarboo,” the man smiled back at him and Orochimaru yet again realized
that he could not live without the color pink in his life. Cherry was his world. Cherry was the
future he always dreamed of.

Thank you, Ryoko… he thought again before leaning in to share a kiss with his other half.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko woke up the next day feeling refreshed even though she spent the night on sensei’s
sofa. Before leaving, she arranged to have training sessions with Orochimaru again. Her mind
was buzzing with ideas for new techniques.

There was one particular goal the girl set for herself. It was ambitious considering her
struggles with chakra control. But she felt like this little detail would have not stopped
Madara-sama, so it most definitely will not stop her from trying.

Ryoko walked down the street with fresh determination. The anger from yesterday was not
gone but rather placed in a freezer, where it could be left forgotten. She realizes now that she
honest to Kami hates Kakashi.

Eat the rude, her former father would say. Copy Nin was extremely rude, that is a fact. He
was also still a comrade, that was also a fact. Therefore, killing was not an option. At least
the usual kind. Yes. She would take another approach. Contrary to what people would expect
of her, Ryoko decided to instead kill Kakashi with kindness.

She will be nice, polite, helpful, and cordial. And nothing more. He does not deserve a single
more of her nerves deteriorating in her head. Fuck him and his opinion. He is not worth her
time and energy. And… And… Ryoko just felt like that part of her life was done, she turned
the leaf and would move on back to her true goals in life.



A few days later, Ryoko’s eyes opened wide with the first rays of sunshine. She jumped out
of her bed and started to do her morning routine. At some point, she dropped to the ground
and started to do pushups on her fingers alone. How else would one strengthen the tools of
creating jutsu…

After sweat started to drip down her forehead onto the floor, Ryoko stopped. She looked up,
breathing only slightly elevated. Her eyes stopped for a second on the pendant on her
bookshelf. The girl took it off the moment she returned from sensei’s home and hadn’t
touched it ever since.

This was still a reminder to her. The only reason why she didn’t destroy it, was to always
remember what people actually think of her. What she’s up against. A reminder of her
moment of weakness. Never again.

After a large breakfast, Ryoko left for the training grounds at Orochimaru’s estate. Her family
looked pleased to see her active again. Only little Sasuke acted the same way as always, and
Ryoko was grateful for that. The boy didn’t make a big deal of her hormonal drama. She
made a note to herself, to buy him a nice katana for his next birthday.

“You mentioned a new technique?” sensei asked when she appeared before him.

“Yes. Sensei, I have read about shinobi using only a single hand to make hand seals. Please
teach me how to do it. It is crucial for my technique,” Ryoko explained with fire in her eyes.

The snake smirked. He was clearly intrigued. “Alright. But it will requirrrre a great level of
chakra control.”

“I understand, sensei. Big brother has been teaching me some basic medical ninjutsu. I
believe I have started to grasp how to measure my chakra output better.”

“Ahh, I ssssee. Show me then,” he took a kunai and their spar began. Orochimaru was going
at her with full force making slashes and cuts without hesitation. Then they stopped and she
showed her healing skills. They were nothing compared to what Itachi could do. Yet despite
being small little things, Ryoko mastered them to perfection.

After a few more rounds, Orochimaru was pleased enough to start the actual training she
asked for. Ryoko had an idea about why two hands are used in making seals. She also had an
idea of how to take advantage of using only a single hand.

Sensei's explanation proved her assumptions right. Seals were like guidelines on how to pull
and direct chakra. Two hands were used because most people did not have the mental
capacity to concentrate on more. Thankfully, Ryoko was not most people.

Ryoko being who she is, always, even in her past life, could follow several trains of thought
at once without a distraction from any. One of them was always for her own amusement.
Either inappropriate or deviant in most cases.

Therefore, she needed only minimal attention to concentrate while creating a jutsu. Other
thoughts always lingered on what was happening around her, what could happen, and so on.



Her problem was sending the right amount of chakra into it.

Ryoko usually used too much chakra in her jutsu. Her instincts came from the fact that her
chakra pools were well above average even for a clan-born kid. Orochimaru once compared
her being close to Uzumaki levels of chakra amount. Having met Kushina-san, Ryoko took it
as a compliment.

And so she trained. Starting off from the most basic, academy level jutsu. Her goal was to
create them effortlessly using either left or right hand only. Let’s just say that Cherry
watching them from the sidelines was entertained the most. Ryoko did not hold back her
curses of irritation for the first hours when jutsu failed or only partially worked.

“Son of…****&^#$@!!!” she yelled out when her transformation jutsu looked nothing like
what she imagined. Orochimaru now rested next to Cherry while carefully observing her
progress.

“It will take a while,” he commented.

“I. Know.” she growled but did not stop cursing. Distantly her ears caught on the two men
conversing.

“Would you like me to teach you the basicssss?”

“Me? Ah… I don’t know, Maru… But it does look interesting…”

“It would make me feel better, knowing that you could protect yourself ifff anyone targeted
you becausssse of me.”

“Please, I am not helpless.”

“I know.”

Deep sigh. “Fine. I cannot resist when you look at me like that all concerned and worried,”
Cherry chuckled.

Ryoko meanwhile let another yell out, this time with a burst of flames from her palms and
mouth. Then she took a few calming breaths. Anger and frustration will get her nowhere. She
has to simply put her blood and sweat into it. Plain and simple.

“Ryoko, I would prefer you not burn down my training groundssss,” Orochimaru chastised.

“Yes. Sensei.” she grit out a response and continued with her practice. This time, all emotions
pushed back and locked in a bottle of her mind space until only determination and
concentration were left.

━━━━━━━━━━

Itachi finished dressing when he heard Ryoko leave the home. She has been busy lately, he
noticed. At least she ate again as before and that was a relief in itself. He waited five more
minutes before carefully opening the door to her room.



Usually, he would never invade sister's privacy like this, but her birthday was just a week
away and he had some checking to do. Carefully, Itachi stalked to her bookshelf and with
active sharingan memorized all the titles. He was planning on getting her a book, but for that,
he had to make sure she doesn’t have it yet.

Some would say that a book is a boring gift, but he knew Ryoko and she valued reading
above all. Ever since he can remember, the girl was drawn to them. He wasn’t sure how or
when she learned to read, but it was always a trait he associated with her.

When he was done, Itachi turned to leave, but his eye caught onto something glimmering on
another shelf. He carefully picked up the item and it turned out to be a pendant in the shape
of a wolf. Interesting. He has never seen Ryoko wear it. Maybe it was a gift she did not
particularly like?

To be fair, you cannot say Ryoko doesn’t care about her appearance. She actually does, very
much. Itachi knows by now that his sister loves smooth and silky fabrics. She likes muted
colors and clothing that covers her up. She also has a particular fondness for gloves. It took
Itachi a few years until he noticed that her wardrobe inspiration is taken from Madara-sama.

What she doesn’t give mind to, is the bling most girls would want. Ryoko never wears any
jewelry, unless it is a formal event. He never asked if she actually likes it or not…

Itachi carefully placed the necklace back where he found it and left. Today was supposed to
be the first day of the new training group he was assigned at the hospital. It was actually a
group of Uchiha that decided to switch from the Police Force and into the medical career.

After the incident of his sister placing the elders in their place, almost a full year passed of
planning and switching things around. People from other clans were now trained enough so
his clansmen were allowed to do the switch from the police into the fields of their choosing.

He was excited about everything that had yet to come. Itachi felt like he was the perfect
person to share with his own people the great art of healing. Especially now that his former
apprentice, Kabuto, was training under Tsunade-sama.

One less burden laid on his father's shoulders and therefore his own, as the future clan head.
Itachi was now eighteen years old and seriously contemplating on taking over the position
sooner than his father planned him to.

Sister, please stay safe for another year. Soon I will get you out of the shadows…

━━━━━━━━━━

Cherry strolled down the cobbled road of Konoha contemplating over his life here.
Everything changed so quickly. He never once was the type to turn down an adventure, so
obviously, he agreed when Sugarboo appeared again to sweep him away from The Land of
Lightning.

After arriving in Konoha, the man fully expected to get the usual treatment of disrespect and
gossip. To his surprise, Orochimaru showed not a single sign of discomfort walking in public



with him. Chery was even more amazed when local people noting his affiliation with the
sannin showed him the same respect! He was never before referred to as 'sama'.

He also quickly noticed, that his loves statement of having no friends was quite false. Even if
Sugarboo denied it, people looked up to the man. Then he met the so-called 'former
teammates'. Cherry was again proven right that his darling was not only respected but had
people who cared about him.

He felt a smile stretch across his lips even from thinking about that day with Tsunade and
Jiraiya, while Maru did not shy away from the public display of his affection. The man
covered his lower face with a fan and chuckled to himself. And all that happened because of
one girl that he stumbled upon.

Ryoko looked like she was a fighter, even with all the usual marks of a victim. Now that he
had front row seats to see her in action, the man was shocked. Ryoko was not only a fighter.
She was an incredible and powerful force to be reckoned with. And she was also still very
much adorable, like any child he had met in Konoha.

Children were something he adored. For a few months now he contemplated on bringing up
the subject with his lover. Yet, considering how paranoid Sugarboo got leaving him alone for
a few days while traveling away for missions, would probably be a problem.

That is one of the reasons why Cherry even accepted the suggestion to learn some shinobi
arts. Of course, he was aware that his lover was powerful, well known, and therefore targeted
as well as the people around him. But Cherry had not lived his life locked away in a safe
home all these years.

There were plenty civilian and shinobi alike, who threatened him while he worked as the
entertainer of the night. Cherry was not easily scared or baffled. But if there would be a child
in the picture… He would want to protect them.

The man sighed and glanced towards the direction where a chorus of childish voices sounded
from. The Academy. It looked like the lessons had just ended. He smiled gently as he
watched parents take their offsprings away. One day…

Then his eye stopped at one particularly pale-looking boy. Hah, he looks just like my
Sweetness… the man thought while his legs moved to get closer. Before he knew it, Cherry
was standing next to the dark-haired boy. The precious thing was drawing something.

His brushstrokes were incredible! Cherry did not like to brag, but he had a talent for
calligraphy for as long as he could remember. So to his trained eyes, the little child looked
promising.

“May I help you with something?” the boy tilted his head up with a fake smile.

“I was admiring your brushwork. My name is Cherry,” he introduced. Looking around, he
noticed that most of the children had already left. “Is someone going to pick you up, honey?”

“Hmmm, looks like not today,” the boy smiled despite how sad his statement sounded.



“Well then, let me take you home,” he smiled, extending his hand to the child. The boy
thought about it for a moment but then nodded. He carefully put away his notebook and
brushes, then clasped Cherry’s hand.

It had to be faith, the man thought as they finally stopped in front of an orphanage. Out of all
the places the boy had to live here. “What is your name?” Cherry asked as they walked to the
door.

“Sai.”

No last name. Definitely an orphan. How fitting… The man lingered by the doors not too
keen to leave just yet. The boy somehow sensed it. “Cherry-san, would you like to see my
other drawings?”

How precious! “Yes, I would. Very much.”

Both of them walked inside and he was led to the boy's room. There were countless drawings
plastered on the wall behind one of the beds. Another side of the room was in contrast
completely tidy and lacking any personal touches, but not vacant either.

For the next hour, Sai eagerly showed his favorite works. Each proved the great talent the boy
had. Cherry even showed him a couple of simple calligraphy techniques. Suddenly, a door
opened and another boy barged in with wide panicked eyes.

“SAI! Where were you!?? I was late and… you were not there!” then the boy took note of his
presence. Cherry smiled softly and waved.

“Hello there, my name is Cherry,” he introduced.

“Shin,” the boy answered dryly. He looked older, yet his composure was cold and mature.
Not uncommon for orphans. Each had a story behind the cold facades.

“See, Shin-kun, I told you your brother is just fine,” another old woman appeared in the
doorway. Her eyes widened, noticing the man in the room. “Oh! Cherry-sama! What brings
you here?”

“Oh, I just met young Sai-kun at the Academy and escorted him home, I hope that is
alright?”

“Of course!” the woman smiled, while Shin’s suspicious glare intensified.

“I noticed his skill with the brush and I was intrigued.”

“That’s inappropriate…” Shin muttered.

The man could only chuckle at that. “Shin! Don’t be rude! Cherry-sama is very skilled in
calligraphy. As a matter of fact, maybe you would like to teach the boy some of your art? I
think little Sai would really enjoy it,” the woman cooed.

“Really, mister? Could you?” the pale boy perked up.



“It would be my pleasure,” Cherry smiled.

“So… you’re not a shinobi?” Shin asked as his cold demeanor wavered.

“Ah, heavens no. Although, I am trying to learn some basic things to get by.”

After spending a few more hours teaching Sai under the careful watch of his brother Shin,
Cherry finally left. As he was about to step outside, the same woman approached him. “They
are really great kids,” she said.

“Yes, I can see that,” he nodded with a sigh. They sure were an interesting pair.

“But so you know, they come together,” she winked and left him stumped. What could she
mean by that? Could she possibly be suggesting what he thought she was suggesting?...

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 45: The Sky is Gray
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

There were so many things for Kakashi to think about that he ignored all of them and just
went to sleep back home. His mind was emotionally exhausted from the day he had. Only in
the middle of the night, when his eyes opened again, did Kakashi curse out loud.

It was all sensei’s fault! If not for Minato’s meddling, maybe he would still have a friend.
What was the man thinking sending gift in his name? And to Ryoko of all people! Of course,
she would misunderstand it and assume there is something when there absolutely isn’t.

Even Kakashi was fooled by that stupid necklace. But on the other hand, even if Ryoko got a
gift from ‘him’ why would she ever assume anything but a challenge of it? Kakashi thought
long and hard but he could not recall a single instance where his own actions would have
given the girl the wrong impression.

Then there was the whole Uchiha marriage part, only thinking about it made his head hurt.
Kakashi never once wanted a girlfriend, so marriage was as far from his comfort zone as
relationships go.

Yes, he was flattered to be considered as a strong shinobi by Ryoko, but that does not excuse
her outburst! How did she expect him to accept it? Or even consider it? They were not
strangers, but they were not attracted to each other either.

Nothing made sense in his head. Especially Ryoko’s tears. Why.. why… why!?? Was he
wrong about her? The girl never once showed a weakness like that before. For Kakashi, this
was no different from the usual banter they shared.

And he knew for a fact that Ryoko had heard worse words said to her. So why did he
suddenly make the ice queen Uchiha herself break? This had to be another of her
manipulations, even though his gut said otherwise.

That treacherous little voice in his head kept whispering that it wasn’t just a simple banter. It
was something more. Something significant. Yet Kakashi’s brain was still in deep denial. The
only emotion that did make sense was anger. Towards Minato and most of all, towards
Ryoko.

It was her fault for messing things up between them. Kakashi was not going to apologize for
what he said. He was right. Right? …

…

For the next few weeks, he went on missions like nothing happened. Kakashi ignored a few
rumors going around. Looks like their little fight in the training grounds was not left
unnoticed by other shinobi.



“Trouble in paradise?” Genma once commented when they met in the hallway between their
apartments. Naturally, Kakashi did not comment or acknowledge him.

Copy Nin was a master at keeping his emotions bottled up and this was no different from any
other unfortunate event of his life. He could not dwell on it. As per usual, the natural course
of action was to pour all of his energy into missions. That had to take his mind off things…

So obviously, he felt confident in his mental state, when the day came for his team to have
another joined mission with Team Shi. He fully expected Ryoko to give him a cold shoulder
and that would be understandable. Yet it didn’t happen.

She was polite. Even sweet and understanding as they discussed the mission parameters.
What baffled Kakashi, was that her attitude did not feel fake. That was disturbing. He knew
every time when Ryoko faked being nice. It gave him the creeps. Not this time, however.

There was a slither of hope in his chest, that maybe, just like him, she was acting mature and
ignored what happened. Yet at the end of the mission, when he approached her, Ryoko simply
disappeared. She didn’t spend a single moment more than necessary in his company.

For some reason, that ignorance of the many years of their comradery made Kakashi even
more pissed. She was insufferable! Why couldn’t she just let it go??!!

He let a frustrated sigh out as he returned home. His eye caught on a little package left by his
door. Could it be…? Did she remember..? The man picked it up before going inside where he
could open the parcel in privacy.

Alas. The card on the box said ‘from Rin’. Kakashi dropped the item on the table without
even unwrapping it. So Ryoko really did ignore his birthday for the first time since they knew
each other.

For some reason, that fact hurt somewhere beneath his ribs. This was unfair… Sure, he didn’t
congratulate her either, but that was because he was still mad and waiting for that apology. So
fine, if she wants to be like this, he will mirror her, staying true to his moniker as the Copy
Nin of the Leaf.

When October came, Kakashi was starting to get a feeling that his sensei was yet again up to
something. The Hokage insisted on pairing not only Team Ro with Team Shi but him and
Ryoko exclusively. They were sent on countless dangerous missions. Just the two of them.

Maybe Minato expected them to bond or resolve the clear cold war going on, but he sure
underestimated both of them. Kakashi, much like Ryoko, had no intention of sharing each
other's company more than necessary. That led to the missions being completed flawlessly
and in record time. Which in turn led them to get even more missions.

Like a vicious cycle of the two individuals being forced into working together despite their
shared anger for one another, Kakashi was stuck with Ryoko whether he wanted it or not.
Whatever was the Hokage's plan, it clearly backfired. Kakashi was feeling numb and cold
and not entirely because winter had come to Konoha.



━━━━━━━━━━

Like every day for the past three weeks, Orochimaru stopped to admire the three paintings
Cherry had gifted him last month on his birthday. They were hung on the wall of his home
almost presenting a timeline of events.

First was a drawing of him and Ryoko. Despite there being no smiles on their faces,
Orochimaru saw how the artist managed to capture warmth in the eyes of his subjects. It was
a precious reminder of his beloved student.

The middle one was of him and Cherry in an embrace. The snake was sure that there was no
picture of this in existence, yet the artist again managed to accurately represent what he
shared with his lover. The warmth and casualness in their body language. The love in their
eyes. This was his favorite painting.

The last one, on the right, was of him with Tsunade and Jiraiya. Most books would represent
the Legendary Sannin in battle-ready gear and imposing stances. The unnamed artist once
more managed to show the truth on his canvas. His team was painted like three ordinary
friends sitting down for a group picture after a drink or two. This was the future Orochimaru
wanted to have…

For a while, the man tried to find out who was the creator of these works. Cherry did not
share for some unknown reason. That was odd, considering that his blossom never before
bothered to keep something from him. But it was not a big deal. Cherry could keep his
secrets, he had Orochimaru’s full and unwavering trust.

“Cherry?” he called finally moving from the painting to the living room, where the pink-
haired man sat on the floor reading a book on seals.

“Yes, love?” the man lifted his head up with his beautiful smile. It made Orochimaru smile in
return.

“Can you tell me why there issss a kid stalking you?” the snake sat down with one eyebrow
raised in a questioning manner.

“Oh? What did he look like?” Cherry did not look surprised, only mildly curious.

“I don’t know. Ssssome child.”

“Hmmm… I wonder which one is it…” Cherry hummed returning his eyes to the book.

“There are more than one?” Orochimaru in turn allowed surprise to twist his features. Was he
missing something? Was someone bothering his mate? Well, that was unacceptable! Before
Orochimaru could spiral down a full-blown revenge plot strategy, he felt Cherry’s palm rest
on his knee.

“It’s nothing, I promise.”

“Cherry…” he almost whined with an exasperated sigh. “Pleasssse tell me what is going on.”



The man looked away, taking his warm hand with him. Orochimaru frowned. There was no
other choice. He inhaled and slid off the couch to sit next to Cherry on the ground. “Please,”
he whispered, wrapping his arms around the love of his life.

“Do you promise to be open-minded?” Cherry whispered back with hesitation.

“Of course!” he sounded far more sure than he was feeling inside.

“Orochimaru,” oh… Cherry almost never used his full name. This was a sign of how serious
the man’s words were. Snake stilled and patiently waited for him to continue. “I want to raise
kids with you.”

He blinked. “I…” Orochimaru inhaled and thought back to the promise he just made. Open-
minded. Right. Yet doubts sprung fast in his mind and he had to voice them. “I am not a good
influence on kidsssss…” Orochimaru carefully said.

“Ryoko seems to be just fine to me,” Cherry challenged.

“But I didn’t raise her! She hasssss a loving family,” despite it being an undeniable truth, his
own words hurt to voice out loud. From that night, when Ryoko cried on his lap, he was even
more convinced that it was his doing what caused her pain. Being associated with a snake
sannin had its price.

“Right. And in a moment of hurt and weakness, she came to you!”

“Cherry… Her being associated with me issss what caused it in the first place…”

“Oh please! Don’t be so self-centered! It was obviously a teenage drama and some idiot of a
boy that upset her. If what you say was true, I would know, Maru. Nobody has ever been
unkind to me because I am with you!”

“Cherry,” it was hard to argue with an intelligent man like his lover. “I don’t want to hurt an
innocent child becausssse of who I am…”

“But you would not be against raising one with me?” Cherry smirked as if he just weaseled
out an answer from him. Orochimaru sighed and smiled back.

“Family issss all that I ever dreamed of. With you.”

“Good. Then I want you to meet someone.”

“Kami… how long have you thought about thisssss?”

“A while,” the man chuckled. Sannin of course was not mad or upset. He was more
impressed if he were honest. Not often people could hide things from him. Cherry as it turns
out was an exception to this rule.

“Alright. I will meet whoever you want me to meet, but you cannot force them if they are
afraid offff me, can we at least agree on that?”



“Pffft! Sure! But I don’t know who would ever be afraid of my sweet Sugar bear!” Cherry
spoke with a teasing smile as he planted kisses on Orochimaru’s neck. At this moment the
sannin felt very weak. Maybe even hoped that his partner was right…

A family, huh?

━━━━━━━━━━

December did not bring change. The flowers wilted away, the leaves colored in the shades of
brown and red. But Kakashi could not shake off the feeling of anger from his being. At least
that’s how the man labeled it. In reality, it was frustration that bothered him.

Sure, he hoped that Ryoko would come to her senses by now. She didn’t. The girl still
showed her genuine politeness around him and nothing more. No joking, insulting, or
fighting. Damn, he missed their spars…

There was a knock on his door. Kakashi picked himself up and opened it to find not the
Uchiha he actually wanted to see…

“Taicho,” the teen smirked, rubbing one hand over his neck.

“This better be good, kouhai,” Kakashi almost crossed arms over his chest, but the last
second aborted the action as it reminded him of her. Shisui looked around as if making sure
that no one was listening in. He looked hesitant.

The boy lingered some more before leaning closer to whisper what was the matter.
Instinctively, Kakashi also leaned in, simply to get this over with. “I’m sorry, Taicho, please
don’t murder me in my sleep…” the boy said with a small unapologetic grin.

“What did…” Kakashi was about to ask when Shisui grabbed him and teleported away.

SON OF A….!!!! he cursed the second his nose picked up on the smell of blood and
sterilizers. And sure thing, when his eyes opened, Kakashi found himself in a white hospital
room. Without windows.

The devil himself was standing by the door with a serene smile. “How nice of you to drop in,
Kakashi-san,” Itachi said as he locked the door and stepped closer with a chart in his hand.

“As if I had a choice…” he muttered.

“Now then, the sooner we start, the faster we’ll be done with it,” his voice was gentle but left
no room for arguing. Itachi was a rather intimidating person even with the kindest smile on
his face.

“Fine,” Kakashi grumbled and started to shed his clothing.

Itachi’s glowing hands were quick to mend old injuries and assess the general situation.
“Please lift up your shirt,” the man said standing behind him to inspect the lungs.



Kakashi closed his eyes and followed the orders. At least, Itachi did not insist on getting his
mask off. He was like Ryoko in that sense… Kakashi frowned and tried harder to push an
image of her from his mind. Maybe they didn’t spend as much time together anymore, but his
mind still insisted on reminding him of the girl at every step.

How annoying!

“Everything looks good in the back,” Itachi said as he circled around to check his chest.
Kakashi waited and waited, but the familiar chakra invasion into his body never came.
Carefully, he opened his eye to see Itachi staring below his neck.

He too glanced down and noticed the damn pendant. And Kakashi could see how Itachi’s
eyes sparked with realization. Like a dozen stray dots finally finding a connection between
them. And that connection was Kakashi. Shit he cursed in his mind.

“It’s not…” Kakashi started, but the Uchiha heir raised his hand to silence him.

“Hatake-san, I will ask you this only once. And I will know if you lie.”

Shit…

“Were you dating my sister?”

“No!”

Itachi’s eyes narrowed only a fraction and the boy slowly nodded. “But. It was you who upset
her?”

Kakashi opened his mouth and then closed it. The memory he suppressed all these months
came back to the surface. Big onyx eyes glimmering with unshed tears. He felt mildly
delirious as he gave a minuscule nod in response.

“I see,” Itachi’s shoulders straightened up as he pinned Kakashi in place with his gaze. “You
know, Hatake-san, I have been wondering who was it that made my sister cry. She suffered a
lot after that. The whole summer she only slept. She didn’t eat.”

Kakashi winced. Ah. He didn’t know or even consider that his initial words had made such
an impact on Ryoko. And here he was completely oblivious the whole time until Minato
forced them to speak about it again. He stayed silent.

“As a big brother, I feel it is my obligation and duty to protect her from people like you,”
there seemed to be something more behind those words, but Kakashi could not tell what
exactly. Maybe Ryoko shared something with Itachi? … “Yet it would not bound well for my
clan if I commit homicide on a fellow Konoha shinobi. That would also go against my
medical oath. But... accidents do happen...”

Kakashi’s lips were closed shut. He felt really uncomfortable. This was worse than when
Minato tried to explain why exactly he was in the wrong in the whole argument with
Ryoko…



“Hatake-san. This is one and only warning you will get. Stay away from my sister. You’ve
hurt her enough already.”

Kakashi had half of a functioning mind to nod while his thoughts became blank. This here
before him was an embodiment of the fierce Uchiha everyone talks about. Yet Itachi also
painfully reminded him of Ryoko.

When did this kid grow up so much? Jeez… he thought bitterly recalling the prodigy in the
jonin examinations. All while, Kakashi gave a small nod and stood up to leave.

“We’re not finished yet,” Itachi smirked, placing his hand on Kakashi’s shoulder. With a stern
push, the Copy nin was forced to go back to his seat. He was sure that there would be a bruise
left on his shoulder from that one simple touch.

You would think that a confrontation with Itachi Uchiha of all people would be equal to
getting a pass to move on from Ryoko. Kakashi’s mind thought otherwise. After leaving the
hospital he could not stop thinking about her.

The anger he carried melted away as he thought over what she felt because of him and his
insensitivity. Even deep in the night, he could not fall asleep from the mix of memories and
images that his imagination supplied. Ryoko not eating was a good indicator of just how bad
she was hurt by his words.

Each passing day was not any better. He would work and return home just to spend another
restless night tossing and turning. Then morning would come. Kakashi would get another
mission. Kami forbid, with Ryoko herself. And he had to control himself, even more, to not
explode when she’s around.

This was driving him insane!

Fuck! That’s it… I have to speak with her… he decided on New Year's Day. It shouldn’t be
that hard to find her… Kakashi would only have to catch her away from Itachi...

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko returned home before the sun was up. She hoped to catch some sleep before the
evening celebrations began. Before stepping any further into her home, Ryoko activated her
sharingan to make sure not to disturb anyone.

Father and mother were sleeping. As well as Itachi. Sasuke… oh. Her little brother was not
alone. Through the wall, she saw two chakra signatures huddled together. One was southing
blue of Sasuke, the other was bright as the sun. Naruto.

They are so cute... she thought considering all the times she was witness to the boys playing
and causing overall mischief. Surprisingly, it was her brother that grounded the wild
Namikaze offspring.

Shaking her head, Ryoko finally found her own bed and passed out. Without celebrating with
her family, she also got a message from her sensei. He apparently had news he wanted to



share with her. It was bound to be a long day…

Not even three hours later, she was woken up by not so discreet whispering in her room.

“Don’t be a scaredy-cat!”

“But… are you sure it’s okay?”

“Yeah, mom said to wake her.”

“Well.. alright.”

She listened to the tapping of feet getting closer to her bed.

“Koko-san! Koko-san! Wake up!” the blond boy tugged on her covers lightly. Roko jolted up
and grabbed his wrist with a blank expression. The little boy paled.

“YOU. Dare. To. Disrupt. My. Slumber.” her voice was cold, eyes unblinking.

“ANE! Stop messing with him!” Sasuke whined by the door.

To Naruto’s surprise, her expression changed in an instant. She smiled letting him go.
“Alright alright. I’m up. Naruto, if you want to be a shinobi, you need to learn how to sneak
better,” she commented, stretching with a yawn.

The boy blinked and she felt his stare. “What?”

“OH MY GOD! NARUTO! STOP STARING AT MY SISTER’S CHEST!” Sasuke used the
speed Ryoko was not aware he had, to drag Naruto away and out of her room. If she didn’t
know any better, she would think the little boy was jealous.

Ryoko ignored them and glanced at the kimono her mother prepared the day before. Life was
such a pain for a female in these traditional times…

The whole day went by Ryoko as if in a haze. She was still exhausted from her last mission.
Plus the added duty to socialize and by the evening, the woman could barely keep her eyes
open. Ryoko excused herself from her family and found a more secluded spot in the shadows
to watch over the buzzing crowd.

She was standing by a railing on the edge of the central park, overlooking the main square
where most of the celebrations took place when she felt a presence behind her let itself be
known. Ryoko didn’t turn around as it was a chakra signature of someone she knew…

Steps got louder as the person approached until they stopped right behind her. Ryoko closed
her eyes thinking if they would speak or not. Either would be fine with her. She just had no
energy left to react first. Even to run away.

━━━━━━━━━━



His trained eyes spotted the person he was looking for. It was not hard, considering all the
attention the Uchiha clan head family brought to themselves just by walking down the street.
Ryoko was there looking… like she always does. Effortless and alluring.

Ibiki smirked to himself. Kami, he was still nervous about what he had planned to do today.
He’s been watching her for months. The untouchable princess of the Uchiha clan. It was not
hard to understand why Ryoko was single as the most recent rumor entailed.

For one, she was the hime of her clan. Not every regular shinobi would be foolish enough to
approach her. And even if they did decide to try their luck, there was another obstacle. His
eyes shifted from Ryoko to meet a direct gaze from Itachi Uchiha.

The smile on Ibiki’s face didn’t waver. Yes, most would definitely be intimidated by the clan
heir. The teen was like a hawk watching over the precious gem that was his sister. That didn’t
scare Ibiki a single bit. He’d seen worse. There was very little out there that could scare him
away.

So he patiently waited for the right moment. Even if Itachi didn’t bother him, Ibiki was not
about to approach her so publicly. Ryoko would not appreciate it, he was sure of it. And
maybe, just a part of him was anxious about what her response will be.

They have flirted for a while now. She was always honest and open with him. But those kinds
of actions can be easily misconstrued. So Ibiki approached with caution. An opportunity
presented itself when Ryoko drifted away from the crowd and stood gazing down on them
alone.

Ibiki uncloaked his chakra and walked closer without suppressing the sound of his steps. He
stopped just behind her. Less than a foot away. He could smell her perfume from this distance
and it was just as intoxicating as Ryoko.

“Good evening, foxie,” he said to her, while his eyes slid down from her exposed neck to the
shoulders covered in her expensive kimono.

“Hn,” she only muttered her usual greeting. She also sounded rather tame, probably bored out
of her mind.

The koi little creature didn’t even notice him from the height of her beauty. Ibiki was not a
fool. He knew that he was not on her radar the way he wanted to be. But I can make it so that
you will learn about me… he thought leaning down closer to her ear.

“I have a favor to ask,” Ibiki whispered.

Ryoko glanced over her shoulder with a bored expression laced with curiosity. Her gaze
scrutinized him for a moment before she nodded. “Hn?”

People could say that he was nobody compared to her. Not only was she breathtaking, but her
skills were also something that demanded utmost respect. She herself might say that he was
not ‘it’, but… “Ryoko, I would like to ask you something, but no matter what it is, I would
also need you not to stab me or try to stab me.”



She glanced at him once more, but this time there was a small smile on her lips. Boredom
completely gone. “Alright,” she whispered back, before turning away. Some would think that
her not facing him was disrespectful. They would be wrong. She was a shinobi, and to allow
someone to stay out of sight, in their back,... That was a show of trust and respect.

Ibiki straightened up before her scent completely turned his mind to mush. “Ryoko, I would
like to ask you on a date.”

There were many things Ibiki expected to happen. For once, he was prepared to be stabbed.
He also prepared to hear her laugh or scoff. To his surprise, Ryoko made a small step
backward, so that her back was now pressed to his chest. She tilted her head to look up. And
there was something odd in her eyes.

“Ibiki Morino, what is your agenda behind this?” she asked sweetly.

In all honesty, he was more baffled by their body contact than her words. It came to him with
no surprise that the woman was guarded in getting such propositions. Probably, most of the
time people asked her out in hopes of getting something in return. Were it clan support,
notoriety, or something else that comes with dating a clan hime.

“My only agenda is to spend time with you alone,” he said honestly, suppressing a gulp. She
was so close, teasing, or better yet, testing him.

“Hmm.. well then, go on, ask away,” Ryoko smirked with a devilish sparkle in her eyes. Or
maybe it was the village lights reflecting in the obsidian.

This time Ibiki did inhale sharply. There was no time like the present. “Give me one day. One
night. Give me at least one chance and you will not fall asleep while I’m around, I can
promise you that,” he leaned down to have a better look at her eyes, while his hands
instinctively found a resting place on Ryoko’s hips.

He could swear he saw a dusting of blush on her cheeks as her eyes stared up at him, looking
for a lie or deception. She won’t find it however and not because Ibiki was good at mind
games. On this rare occasion, he was completely honest.

“Are you sure about it?” she asked seriously.

“Yes. I understand that your position would require discretion from my side and I am
completely fine with it. No one will have to know unless you would want it otherwise,” he
had to reassure her, to show that he is interested in her and only her. No matter who she was
in the public eye.

Ibiki almost waited for Ryoko to pull away, but she didn’t. The woman hummed as her head
turned away to look into the distance. Her body was still very much flush to his own. So
petite and yet curvy.

“I accept,” she whispered into the night just as the fireworks cracked over the sky. She might
as well have yelled it, as Ibiki heard her loud and clear. He took a shaky breath basking in the



moment. The first step was always the hardest. Yet feeling her under his fingertips already
made it worth it.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Ryoko's outfit ^^




Art Reference




Chapter 46: Next Time
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Well, this was something new. Ryoko definitely had relationships before in her past life. But
it was the first time someone actually asked her out here. Or hugged her in this way… Sure,
she had physical contact with her family, but this was different.

The way the heat traveled from Ibiki’s chest into her back was different. The way his hands
rested on her hips was different. And it was not unpleasant, she had to admit. Her eyes
watched the fireworks, while her mind considered if she could trust his word for it.

Ibiki was definitely not the type to make jokes with her. Well.. not that kind of jokes, anyway.
They playfully flirted for a while now and she didn’t think much of it until now. Was he
serious even before?

People down in the square cheered as the sky cleared. She felt Ibiki shift behind her and lean
close to her ear. “See you soon, foxie,” he whispered in that deep voice and planted a kiss on
her neck. She felt shivers. And then he was gone.

Ryoko glanced back to watch his imposing figure vanish into the crowd. He was tall. And
muscular. Thick was the word that came to her mind. Sure, her taste usually fell onto the
scrawny type of guys, but she was open-minded enough to give this, whatever it was, a try.

One thing that Ryoko already liked about Ibiki - he was handsy. Feeling manly arms on her
was something she didn’t know she missed. And he was as direct as herself, which was a
plus. As the girl walked back to find her family, she wondered what his idea of a date was.

Just a week later, Ryoko got her answer. She was summoned to the Hokage Tower for a
regular jonin mission. Inside the office, her eyes spotted Ibiki leaning by the wall.

“Ah! Ryoko-chan! Great, there is a mission for you,” Minato smiled.

“Yes, Hokage-sama,” she said, stopping in front of his big desk.

“So, as you were doing your internship in T&I for a while now, it is time to give you a related
mission as a final test for what you have learned.”

Ryoko nodded while resisting an urge to show emotions on her face. It probably would not be
great to show just how excited she was about the prospect of torturing someone on the field.

“Ibiki here, will come along and supervise you. Here is the mission objective,” the blond
extended a scroll, while she exchanged a glance with Ibiki. Sneaky sneaky. Well, he did
promise her discretion. What could be better than a trip outside Konoha and away from all
the nosy gossipers?



Minato continued. “Your main goal is to get the intel. You will have to be in disguise and
blend in with locals. No one should find out that you are a Konoha nin, am I clear?”

“Yes, Hokage-sama.”

When the mission was officially accepted, Ryoko took an hour to get ready. Besides the usual
infiltration mission kit, she wanted to be ready for the so-called ‘date’. It was stupid, but
Ryoko felt slightly anxious. Did he expect her to be in a dress or something? What would
they even do?

Ibiki of course said nothing, even when they left the Hokage’s office. Only his teasing smile
confirmed her assumptions about the underlying reason for the mission. Fuck it, they would
have to blend in with civilians either way, so might as well… Ryoko inhaled and packed one
of her few summer dresses.

They left the village wearing the usual jonin uniforms. And they haven't spoken to each other
yet. There was no need to disrupt the silence. Only by the Land of Fire border, Ibiki spoke for
the first time.

“We should get into our disguises,” she nodded and they split up into their respective bushes.
A minute later, Ryoko stepped out wearing her summer dress, hair tied in a high ponytail.
Unlike Konoha, the Land of Tea even in the winter season was just as warm as in the
summer, so wearing an actual dress felt almost refreshing.

Ryoko turned around when she heard Ibiki come out. He chose a similar style of plain
clothing without his trademark trench coat. Simple shirt with short sleeves, gloves, pants…
So bland that a regular person would not even notice him walking down the street. Also, his
bandana was missing, revealing short silver hair.

She didn’t feel bad about looking him up and down, because the man did exactly the same.
He smirked, extending his hand towards her. “You look lovely, Ryoko.”

“I am aware,” she smirked right back and took the offered hand. She expected to feel
awkward walking like this with a man, but something about how confident Ibiki was, made it
feel right. “Is there actually a mission there?” she added.

“Of course.”

Ryoko only nodded as they approached their destination. She decided to follow Minato’s
instructions and blend in first. They were granted at least three days for the mission. So day
one will be spent acting the part of a lovely couple.

They didn’t speak much, as even without words they understood what to do. Ibiki led her
around the port village. By lunch, they have checked in to the local inn and now sat in one of
the outside cafes grabbing a bite.

“Have you been to this village before?” Ibiki asked as they got served tea and desserts.



“Hmmmm, I may have passed through once or twice,” she recalled as her chin rested on her
intertwined fingers, elbows propped on the table. Ibiki was sitting right next to her, their
thighs touching under the table. His arm was leisurely draped over the back of her chair.

“In that case, would you allow me to take you out tonight?”

“Hn. That would be acceptable.”

Ryoko didn’t look in his direction, but she felt him shift, and then his other hand was placed
on her knee just where the hem of her dress ends. She hid a smirk behind her palms, Ibiki
misunderstood that action as he leaned in and whispered to her ear. “You should relax, I
won’t bite… hard.”

Ryoko chuckled. She felt his fingers teasingly graze over her exposed knee just barely
hooking under her dress. “Oh, I am relaxed, don’t believe me?” she cocked her head at him,
with a twinkle in her eyes. And to further prove her point, Ryoko moved her leg slightly
providing Ibiki with more access and non-verbal permission to continue.

He didn’t hesitate. The arm on her chair shifted and landed around her shoulders to press
Ryoko closer to his side. Ibiki now rested his chin on top of her head, while his other hand
casually brushed up and down her thigh.

“You’re a tease, aren’t you?”

“Who? Me? I would never!” Ryoko pulled back with feigned shock. But as the smile returned
to her face and she leaned back to his side, her arms rested on his thigh in return. Gentle like
feathers, her fingers brushed over the tense muscles. Mmmm definitely thick… she mused.

The pair sat like that enjoying the tea and each other's company for a while. All while
covertly teasing each other. They were not strangers after all. Verbal flirting was done for
some time already and it was only natural to jump to physical contact by now. Even if it was
their official first date.

When the sky started to darken for the evening, Ibiki, as promised, took her out. He didn’t
say where they were going, but she probably would have enjoyed anything. Ryoko wasn’t
that picky.

“How did you know?” she glared at the man, with arms crossed under her chest as they stood
in front of an old yet lavish-looking building with the crowd of other guests.

“Have you forgotten what I do for a living?” he smirked very self-satisfied. Prick. “Now
come, we don’t want to miss the start,” he placed a hand on her lower back and led her to
their seats.

Ryoko was tempted to respond with ever so classy ‘make me cum’, but she held her tongue.
For now. She was rather distracted by the activity awaiting them this evening. Theatre. Out of
all possible things he chose theatre.



She couldn’t understand how he found out her love for arts. But he did. No matter what
world, day, or age, she would always admire a good performance. Ryoko guessed that acting
was just another crucial part of Ibiki’s trade. Therefore, he would enjoy this evening too.

When the curtain split in two the stage was revealed and the show began. Ryoko stared
almost unblinking, slightly leaning towards the action as she was mesmerized by it. The
costumes. The music. The script.

“It’s brilliant!” she smiled at Ibiki just as the applause rang over the hall for the last time.
Feeling generous, the girl reached up on her tippy toes and gave the man a kiss. The crowd
around them melted from existence. She felt Ibiki’s hands wrap tightly around her waist as
she was pulled in closer to deepen the kiss.

Ryoko was pretty sure that this was a great, textbook date, as far as dates go. She was dined,
entertained, and got her dessert too. They made out a few more times on their way back to the
inn. Ibiki was an acceptable kisser, but she preferred more the feeling of his hands on her
body. They were big and warm and manly…

“Sleep tight, Ibiki,” she whispered, finally pulling away from him with a teasing wink. Ryoko
knew that he wanted more. Who wouldn’t? But she still had a tiny bit of sadistic tendencies
in her and wanted to see just how much he could endure before breaking…

Day two was the time to actually complete the reason for their trip. She spotted the target a
few times yesterday as they walked across the village. Ibiki was even more clingy, but not in
a way civilians would notice. Only Ryoko saw it in his eyes and the way he held her hand.
The man was simmering with lust.

Not hot enough… she considered as they trailed behind the target while appearing to others as
a regular couple. A few hours and a lunch later, it was time to act while shadows only started
to drop on the streets around them.

Ryoko gathered that the man they were after lived alone most of the time when he was not
gambling away his illegally laundered fortune. To break into his home was almost too easy.
“Aww, he even has a basement!” she chirped, dragging the unconscious man towards the
stairs going down.

“I knew you would like it,” Ibiki gave her a fond smile as he opened the door for her into the
dark cellar. While Ryoko tied the man down to a chair, Ibiki started to light up candles.

“A bit excessive?” she raised an eyebrow to the dozen more candles the man took out of his
bag.

“What can I say, I am a romantic at heart,” he shrugged. Ryoko could only chuckle in
response. Yes, this was rather romantic. Maybe she will drag it on for a bit instead of
finishing it quickly…

And drag on she did. Ryoko took her sweet time torturing the guy, while Ibiki observed from
a dark corner. By the time they emerged to the surface, more than twelve hours had passed.



Ryoko stretched, popping her shoulders. Ibiki approached from behind and wrapped his arms
around her waist. She felt him flush to her back, almost like during New Years'.

“You were…” he started to whisper, but cut himself off by kissing her neck instead. And
these kisses were nothing like the chastise New Year's peck. It was a passionate show of
affection that will definitely leave marks on her skin.

“Mmmm… I feel like getting a drink,” Ryoko suggested while leaning her head to the side, to
give Ibiki even better access to her neck. This was pleasant. And feeling him all hot and
bothered pressed to her back was even more pleasant.

At some point, they finally found a bar and stayed apart long enough to order a drink. When
that was done, Ibiki wrapped her back into his tight embrace. “I want to eat you up,” he
whispered.

“Am I stopping you?” she chuckled. It was fun to tease the man, but her own patience was
dwindling so after their first few drinks, Ryoko decided to kick the gears up. She placed her
palm over his hand, fingers slightly entwined, and guided him to her leg and under her skirt.
Ibiki got the hint quickly and continued on his own.

She felt his rough fingers brush over her thigh and go up until the inevitable dead end. The
table in front of them was hiding everything from other patrons of the bar, although it would
not be hard to guess what the couple was doing based on their closeness and blushed cheeks.

A sigh escaped Ryoko when he finally touched the damp spot on her underwear. She was
feeling fuckin horny! And the alcohol didn’t help. Ryoko turned to bury her face in Ibiki’s
neck, as he started the experimental brushes up and down and around with his fingers.

She had to reach a bit, but her lips finally found his ear. Ryoko placed a few kisses of her own
below it and then a teasing lick from his jaw to the ear. Her teeth grazed over the soft lobe
tugging it, just as he pressed what she guessed an index finger to her core.

Another sigh, far more intimate, only for his ear to hear. Ryoko felt him take a sharp inhale of
air as he grabbed her waist more forcefully with one hand, while the other teased her over the
underwear. Her hands rested on his chest, nails purely by accident brushing over his nipples.

“Hmmm, we have a problem,” she whispered between the soft kisses on his neck.

“Hmm? What is it?” he croaked out.

“I am completely soaked.”

“Kami… woman…”

“Mmmm, will you help me get changed out of my soaked clothing?”

She didn’t have to say it twice. Even if feeling his hand retreat was not great, she knew that
they will return soon… They finished the drinks and stumbled back to the inn. Ryoko’s room
was closer, so that is where the two finally ended up.



━━━━━━━━━━

Before the door even fully closed, Ibiki’s lips crashed into hers. His hands hooked under her
skirt and grasped her naked thighs to pull Ryoko up into an embrace, while her legs
instinctively wrapped around his torso.

She was clearly no shy amateur, Ibiki could tell solely by how confident and assertive Ryoko
was. She quickly tugged his shirt up to bare his skin. The man complied. He stumbled to the
bed and leaned down placing the woman under him. Her ink-black hair spread on the pillow
highlighting the contrast of her pale skin.

“Fuck, you’re hot,” he muttered taking a moment to admire her, before leaning back to place
kisses down her neck. Fingers gently brushed over her breast, testing the waters. Even if
Ryoko looked experienced, he didn’t want to force her into anything. Not like he really could
with the power this woman had…

She arched into his touch. So that was a green light to go further. His fingers squeezed the
voluptuous form that barely fit into his palm. Ah… how many times has he wondered if her
breast would fit in his hand. The answer is - barely.

Ibiki tugged on the dress strap to reveal her to the night and his hungry lips. She was
perfection. Despite the armor hiding her beauty most of the time, it was still clear to any
onlookers. Now, when her chest was naked below him, Ibiki almost was lost for what to do
with all that was there.

“Mmm, now you’re the tease,” Ryoko practically whined, but it sounded more like a teasing
mewl. He smirked.

“I’m just admiring art,” he whispered before diving down to kiss her, caress her, squeeze her
and do so much more. He really wanted to consume her all. Ryoko would let a gentle moan
whenever he tugged her nipple just right. She would sigh when he touched her just right.

Kami, he felt like he was getting delirious. Ibiki could not hold back anymore. His hand was
already under her dress and between her legs. Ryoko was soaked just like she said. Even
though he wanted nothing more than to bury himself in her, the night was long and he
decided to take his time.

Ibiki slid down tugging her underwear with him. Ryoko sighed after losing contact of his
mouth from her chest. His hands bunched the dress up to reveal her fully to him. With
fleeting kisses on her thigh, Ibiki inched closer to the sweet nectar between her legs.

Without hesitation, Ibiki dove in her pussy with his mouth like a dolphin. His eyes watched
as the woman arched and trembled from the stimulation. He wanted to give Ryoko an orgasm
with his tongue alone. It was like a challenge. Sure, it would be easy to use his fingers, but
there was plenty of time for that.

The teasing from yesterday and today helped greatly. He was not stupid to disregard the
importance of foreplay. Since the mission started everything has led to this. Ibiki twirled his
tongue like an eel inside of her, while his long arms had a perfect reach to her supple breasts.



Just a little more… he thought sensing another tremble. Fingers skillfully pinched her nipple
earning a delightful moan that echoed in the room. Music to his ears. Ibiki licked and sucked
until he felt her thighs tense and squeeze around his head.

This is it. This is how he wants to go out of this world. Squeezed by a woman's thighs around
his head while she cums in his mouth.

“Oh… my… kami..” Ryoko trembled and he knew that was it. With the last stimulation to
her clitoris, she crumbled in his grasp. He panted when he finally pulled away. With sweet
kisses, he traveled down her leg and then back up soaking the responses from her sensitive
body. He felt her relax completely.

By the time Ibiki’s lips reached her neck, Ryoko’s breathing was steady again… Too steady.
He stopped and blinked a couple of times. Then he laughed burying his face into the crook of
her neck.

“So you are a lightweight,” he chuckled, half amused and half frustrated. The girl was out
like a light. The night of torture combined with alcohol and then this, did its job. “I guess, I
should be flattered,” he said while watching his fingers brush from her collar bone, down
between her breasts, over her flat stomach, and then over the wet mess that was her pussy.

“Beautiful,” he sighed. The rumor of Uchiha hime having low alcohol tolerance proved to be
right and now he was left to admire her sleeping form. At this moment, Ibiki wished to be a
scumbag. He wished to have no shame and take her sleeping body. But he could not.

With another sigh, he carefully removed her dress completely, pulled a blanket on both of
them, and cuddled Ryoko like she was a plush toy. Next time.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes



Ryoko's outfit ^^




Art Reference




Chapter 47: On a Winter's Day
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Kakashi watched Ryoko walk with her family from afar. He could not talk with her when
Itachi was around. At least that was the logical excuse his brain provided. He could wait in
the shadows and grab her when she is alone and… and then what? What could he say to
Ryoko to fix everything?

Next time… Kakashi jumped away over the roofs back to his silent home and away from all
the festivities. He will have a better chance of confronting Ryoko on a regular day, but even
then, he was not sure what to say to her.

Kakashi just wanted his friend back.

Naturally, the Copy Nin started to avoid Ryoko over the next few weeks. He tried to practice
what to say to her but had a hard time picking the right words. Maybe it was because he still
could not fully understand why she was so mad at him in the first place…

I need another perspective… Kakashi finally decided without actually admitting to himself
that what he needs is help. Someone who knows Ryoko and understands her thinking… and
is close to her… and understands him too…

“Yo!” Kakashi appeared on the windowsill with one raised hand in greeting.

“I swear! Bakashi! If you do that again! I will trap you in Tsukuyomi!!!” Obito yelped as he
wrangled his bedding after being startled in the middle of the night.

“Oh good, you’re awake!” Kakashi eye-smiled at his former teammate without a shred of
remorse in his voice. Then he leaned back to avoid a handful of senbon thrown his way.
“Ahh, Anko, you’re awake too?”

The woman glared at him from beside Obito on the bed. Then she yawned and turned away
to continue sleeping. She couldn’t care less what was Kakashi’s problem and he was
completely okay with that.

“What do you want?” Obito hissed after dragging him outside to the small living room.
Kakashi wanted to curse out loud at this moment. For Hashirama’s sake! How could he ever
speak with Ryoko if he didn’t even know how to explain everything to Obito?

“Emmmmm..” the man made a profound sound running a hand over the spiky gray hair.
Obito sighed and started putting on his jacket. He motioned Kakashi to follow and the two
walked for a while until they were completely out of the Uchiha compound and headed
towards a nearby forest.



“It’s about Ryoko-chan isn’t it?” Obito said with his hands in his pockets, looking straight
ahead.

“Maaaa, I didn’t know that Uchiha were such gossipers,” Kakashi tilted his head just in time
to avoid a kunai.

“Stupid. Sensei told me,” that stopped Kakashi in his tracks. He blinked dumbfounded at the
man before him.

“What?”

Obito also sighed, exhaled, and turned around. “Seriously? All of you geniuses have the
emotional capacity of a spoon,” he shook his head.

“Oy!”

“Oh? So why did you come to me then, Bakashi? Aren’t you looking for advice? Because I
have a girlfriend, while you only have your hand?”

The copy nin grunted flailing his arms up in the air. “Kami! It’s NOT like that!” Why people
always jumped to the conclusion, that he felt something more towards Ryoko beyond a
friendship was beyond him.

Obito sighed once more and continued walking. “I know.”

“Why did sensei tell you?”

“Because I know both of you and he doesn’t want for either to kill the other. Well maybe not
kill per se, knowing you two, more like seriously maim. Anyways, he knew you would
eventually come to me instead of him and asked me to speak with you.”

Kakashi walked in silence with arms crossed over his chest. “Yeah… I’m still mad at sensei
for messing things up…”

“Hn.”

“So?”

“So what?”

“What do I do? Should I just say sorry or something? How do I make her listen?”

Obito gave him an odd stare before sighing again. Finally, he stopped in a clearing and sat
down by a tree on the frosty grass. “First things first, Kakashi, do you even understand why
hime was upset in the first place?”

He sat down in front of Obito and thought for a moment. “Because of sensei, she thought I
liked her or something and she was upset because I rejected her?”

“EHHH!” Obito made an annoyingly loud negative answer sound. “Try again.”



“I don’t know! She’s weird like that. One moment she was fine, then she tried to kill me, then
she yelled, and then…” Kakashi went silent looking down. It felt wrong to make a friend cry
like that. It wasn’t ugly Gai level of tears. It was a controlled expression of deep hurt. But
why, Kakashi could not find the answer.

“Alright, then I’ll ask you this way. What do you know about Ryoko?”

“Hmm… she’s… strong, loyal, good team player, blunt, likes to kill, is a complete psycho
most of the time... I don’t know. What does it have to do with anything?” he didn’t look
amused but went on with Obito’s train of thought as his friend patiently listened. Kakashi felt
like he was back in the academy.

“What are Ryoko’s values?”

“Mmm… family?”

“Hn. That is correct. But there are other values too, like an unwavering instinct to protect her
own and most of all respect in all relations with others.”

“I can see that, but still, what does it have to do with me fixing things?”

“If you want her to listen, you have to first understand where Ryoko is coming from.”

“Okaayy…”

“Kakashi, do you know why hime joined the shadow ranks?”

“...she got lost while sightseeing…”

“What?”

“Nothing…” Kakashi whispered as he recalled the first time he met Ryoko in the
headquarters. She was so tiny back then… “She joined because she likes to kill and is skilled
enough?”

“Incorrect. Shisui told me that at the time, the council requested an Uchiha to be sent to
ANBU to represent the clan. And it was basically a choice between Itachi or Shisui. Fugaku-
sama told him so himself, then suddenly, the next day Ryoko was the one sent away.”

“What father sends his daughter to ANBU?” Kakashi’s eye widened slightly.

“Again you are making the wrong assumption, Bakashi! You said it yourself - one of Ryoko’s
values is family. Do you think she would just sit by watching her brother or cousin be sent to
the shadows?”

“No, she would not,” that was probably the first thing he was certain of. And the thought of
Ryoko acting so selfless was at the same time baffling as it was understandable. Yes, he could
see her do exactly this.



"Precisely. Plus, Fugaku-sama is a big softy when it comes to Ryoko-hime,” the man smiled
as there was no hidden insult in the statement, only warm admiration. “Anyways, when you
interpret her or anyone's actions, especially when they are driven by emotion, you have to
look through the prism of their values.”

“Okay…”

“So. You agree that family and clan are important to her?”

“Yes.”

“Have you heard what happened last year with Ryoko and the Uchiha council?”

“Yeah… I was on Hokage’s guard duty that day...”

“So, considering that she values family and her clan, why would Ryoko do what she did?”

“Rules of the challenge?... wait, no. If we look through values, I doubt she would take into
account rules above her clan…” Kakashi thought out loud.

“Good, you’re learning!” Obito chirped annoyingly satisfied with his answer. His teammate
was truly becoming a teacher figure even outside the academy... “By challenging her, the
council disrespected Ryoko and her family,” he added, all joy gone from his voice.

“Ahh… so her respect value combined with family value…” Kakashi gave a slow nod as the
patterns started to take shape in his mind. Yes, now things made more sense. Yet his face still
scrunched from the disconnect present in his head. “But I did not disrespect her or the
Uchiha.”

“Are you sure of that?” Obito looked like he knew something and that expression was getting
under Kakashi’s skin. WHAT COULD HE BE MISSING? Never in his life, did the copy nin
feel so dumb. He could kill and cripple whole villages, but why couldn’t he figure out one
female?

“I mean… we call each other names all the time, I don’t know why that would upset her all
of a sudden…” but it was the only logical explanation Kakashi had - the insults he said that
day to her.

“It didn’t.” After a moment of silence, Obito exhaled seemingly losing his patience. “You
laughed, you moron!”

“So?”

Obito whined rubbing one hand over his face. “Listen, I am sure Ryoko would have accepted
a proper rejection with no issues as she was asking you out of necessity only. But your
laughing was a show of great disrespect to her as a person and a friend. You didn’t take her
seriously.”

“I mean… we always joke… why would I take that seriously?” Kakashi was slowly getting
even more confused. This is similar to what Minato said to him, but then why was Kakashi’s



fault? It wasn’t him who gave Ryoko the wrong idea. How did Obito expect him to know that
she wasn’t joking???

“That is fine. So why didn’t you explain that to her later?”

Kakashi blinked. Seriously? Did Obito just agree? “I… I did try…” slowly he recalled that
meeting on the first day of Autumn in Hokage’s office. Come to think of it, Ryoko did say
that he disrespected her… Why didn't he remember this before?

I would never be interested in an ass like you otherwise! he recalled her yell. “Oh…” right,
she was not the only one emotional out there. He overreacted because of her comment…

“I see you are starting to understand?”

“Hm… yeah… I think… I know why I am sorry, but…”

“But?”

“You know Ryoko. She’s proud… Will she…” Kakashi looked away considering if she could
forgive him for being thoughtless, mean, no, cruel, and disrespectful to her.

“Kakashi… remember the day I returned? When Rin was hurt?”

He could never forget it. The day he almost lost his second teammate. Failed Rin. The day
Obito returned. The day he met Ryoko for the first time… she was so annoying, but… She
saved his pack. Kakashi gave a small nod. He remembered everything.

“And you remember when hime came to visit me in the hospital? You remember what I
said…”

“You tortured her…” Kakashi recalled. Strange, back then he completely overlooked this
detail as Ryoko distracted him by asking about the sharingan eye. Was that… intentional?
She didn’t want Obito to get in trouble… because he is family.

“Hn. And it was serious. Not your usual genjutsu mind games. Yet she forgave me. My
disrespect to her. Hime might look cold and selfish, but she’s anything but that. She cares too
much and she’s always unapologetically herself with those she trusts. Despite her strong
nature, she is sensitive and can be hurt by those she opens up to. She trusted you Kakashi and
was honest with her intentions, yet you…”

“I insulted her. I disrespected her,” Kakashi finally said remembering the last words she said
to him before leaving. “What should I do, Obito? I… I didn’t mean to…”

“Yeah yeah… I know. You’re probably the smartest dumb person I ever met,” the man sighed
finally picking himself up from the ground. “What you have to do is to trust her to forgive
you and to be honest with her.”

“Mmm.”

“Come,” Obito said, stepping to the center of the clearing. “Lift your headband.”



Kakashi slowly followed doing what Obito asked for. His friend’s eye was already spinning
wild. “Obito?”

“Kakashi. I hope you take my words to heart and stop being stupid. But now… You see, I am
your friend and teammate, but I am also Ryoko’s cousin. I love her like a sister. So I cannot
let go of your actions towards her so easily,” he said, taking out a kunai.

Shit… was the last thought Kakashi had before the fight broke out. Only hours later did he
finally return home when the sun was already dawning on the horizon. He had some nasty
cuts and bruises, but somehow, Kakashi felt lighter. He felt calm.

A few weeks more he spent thinking and planning his approach. He knew that Ryoko was
stubborn and would not give in easily so the man would have to tread lightly. That hesitation
was strong in his mind. Kakashi didn’t want to mess things up even more.

One morning, as the man was pulling a shirt from his dresser, a familiar scent reached his
nose. Spices. Jasmin. He inhaled deep and allowed his nose to pinpoint the source.

“Ahh…” Kakashi sighed, clutching a dark shirt that no doubt belonged to Ryoko. He didn’t
recall how it got here… But it was the incentive he needed to finally make a move. The first
step in rebuilding the bridge between him and Ryoko again.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko was consumed by her duties and her work. After the mission with Ibiki, they barely
got another chance to meet alone. And if that happened, the time always flew by so fast
because of the shared paranoia of keeping their fling under wraps.

Luckily, it was not strange for Ryoko to be seen with Ibiki in public, so when she entered a
bar, the woman did not hesitate to casually sit next to him, with Obito and Anko cuddling in
the seats across the table.

“Cousin, do you have some free time?” she said without introductions. She felt Ibiki’s supple
thigh graze her leg under the table.

“Nice to see you too, Ryoko,” Anko smirked.

“Hn,” she spared a single nod at her friend. There was a more pressing matter at hand. She
could hardly wait any longer. Obito smirked at her too.

“Hime, how may I be of help?”

“Do you have a free hour right now? I want to test out a technique with you.”

“Oh, why not with Itachi-kun?” Ibiki teased. She couldn’t pint point why he always looked so
amused when mentioning her brother. She could only guess that there might be some history
between the two, but it was hardly any of her concern. Instead, Ryoko simply kicked Ibiki in
the shin under the table. No reaction showed on Ibiki’s face.



Hmm. She wondered what could she do to finally leave the man speechless and confused
when Obito responded. “Sure. I have some time now.”

“Eeeeh??? What about our date???” Anko pipped up.

“Hmm, why don’t we all meet up next Friday? And Ryoko-hime could come too so Ibiki-san
would not be a third wheel again,” Obito suggested with a twinkle in his eyes.

“UUU! Like a double date?!” Anko looked pleased with the suggestion, while Ryoko chose
her next words carefully so as to not give anything away about herself and Ibiki being beyond
just two friends tagging along.

“Sure, whatever, let’s go,” she stood up. Obito followed her into one of the training grounds
in the Uchiha compound.

“So, why not try this with Itachi, hime?” he asked.

“I don’t want him mastering it before I do,” she lightly pouted with arms crossed over her
chest.

“I highly doubt people can just copy any of your creations,” cousin complained under his
breath, taking a stance in front of Ryoko.

“Alright. I’ll do hand signs for simple katon, see if you can copy watching me alone, as I
assume you probably know that jutsu already or at least a variation of it.”

To Obito’s visible surprise, Ryoko performed the technique one-handed. He struggled to
follow, resulting in failed technique. “Shit. Cousin, this is… you’re learning to do it one-
handed?”

“Hn. One more time!”

So they continued. It took Obito three tries to fully copy the technique, yet it still required
him to use both hands. Sharingan allowing him to fill in the blanks no matter what hand
Ryoko used.

“Yeah, looks like it takes getting used to but I can copy it,” Obito nodded.

“Alright, now, how about this,” she smirked as her anticipation reached its pique. Her smile
only widened when Obito scrambled to try and comprehend her actions.

“What the…” was the only thing he had to say after a solid half an hour of failed attempts in
copying her new skill.

Ryoko was pleased to return home that day knowing that Sharingan could not copy
everything. So pleased, that she decided to reward herself with some alone time in her room.
In other words, finishing herself off on a good note.

Strange how fooling around with Ibiki made her far hornier than before. It might also have to
do something with her increasing hormones, but Ryoko didn’t think too long as she closed



her eyes.

The woman tried to imagine herself with Ibiki finally doing ‘the dirty’. She frowned. Oddly
enough, even if she found him attractive, Ryoko did not feel as pleased as when her thoughts
drifted towards Nara clansmen. But she was not in the mood for shadows today either…

“Rainy day guilty pleasures it is…” she whispered, closing her eyes again, as her hands
roamed her body. This time her imagination supplied someone else. Someone she rarely
fantasies about. Someone that was almost like a forbidden yet tempting fantasy.

Long dark hair. Traditional kimono. White pupil-less eyes. Ah… The Hyuga twins… Being
sandwiched between the two even as a thought was exhilarating. Ryoko arched from her bed,
her legs trembling as she imagined being ravished by both of them at the same time.

Overall it was a good winter’s day with a… banging ending to it.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Apologies for the wait on this chapter! I was binging an anime -..-



Chapter 48: Unexpected surprises

Ryoko woke up bright and early. She felt like finally, her training with sensei was paying off
based on the little training session with Obito. Now, knowing that it works, Ryoko only had
one question left - how to fuck with people the most using this new technique.

She stretched, got dressed, and was about to leave when she spotted something out of place.
Her eyes narrowed at a little box sitting on her windowsill. It definitely was not there last
night. Curiosity drove her to ignore the potential danger. Ryoko picked the box up and
opened it to find daifuku inside.

Her eyes narrowed more at the deliciously looking sweets. She carefully smelled for potential
poisons, but… if anyone dared to do that to food, Ryoko would bring her ass back to life to
cast her revenge if she had to.

With no obvious signs of deception found, Ryoko took a bite. The strawberry inside was
juicy and sweet and oh so delicious. Her eyes closed, savoring the taste. What a great way to
start the day… But who would leave this for her?

Itachi probably would give it to her directly. The same goes for her cousins. Ibiki probably
would do it in person too. And it wasn’t even her birthday.

Odd.

This strange phenomenon kept happening every time Ryoko slept at home. She wasn’t
complaining, nor was she bothered enough to find out who was behind it. Food is food. And
Ryoko was ready to savor it until the ballless fool will show his face directly.

After a week or so, Ryoko started to go to bed excited for what she would find in the
morning. Each day it was something different. Sometimes new, sometimes things she already
was familiar with. It made her smile as she took the next box every morning. Little things can
go a long way.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko was straddling Ibiki’s lap, which was a challenge in itself because of the man’s thick
thighs when their kiss was finally broken apart. It was a nice midday makeout session, but it
had to be cut short. She sighed pulling away.

“Don’t go just yet,” Ibiki grabbed her hand and pulled the woman back between his legs and
his desk. His office probably was the safest place in all Konoha to share the intimacy. Ryoko
didn’t mind it at all. It fit well with her years of imagining such scenarios with the jonin
commander.

“I’m already almost late, Ibiki,” Ryoko smirked, but didn’t push his grabby hands away from
her body. It felt nice and she was not against being touched.



“Oh? I didn’t know you had plans today,” he whispered, casually sliding a hand back under
her shirt.

“Yeah. Very last minute. Have to go on this date…”

“Date?” he paused after pulling away slightly to look straight into her eyes. “You… are
seeing other people?” Ibiki was blunt, one of the reasons she liked him.

Ryoko perched herself on his desk. “Hn. Mother has been arranging dates for me. Clan
thing,” she shrugged like it was no big deal because for her it really wasn’t. Mikoto has been
gently pushing her to find ‘the one’. Being the good daughter Ryoko was, she agreed to at
least go on one date with mother's chosen candidates. Honestly, it was more because of
Mikoto - to keep her from nagging about mariage all the time.

“I see,” he hummed. “So you are not dating anyone else?”

“Correct.”

“What about Hatake?”

“What about him?”

“You two seemed pretty close.”

Again Ryoko noticed that odd look in Ibiki’s eyes. Like he was thinking something more than
he led on. She scrunched her face in response. “Eww. No.”

Ibiki then stood up, caging her in place with his long hands placed on either side of her on the
table. He loomed over the woman with a dark expression that made Ryoko’s core tingle.
“Good. Because I don’t share.”

Ryoko sighed again, dropping her head back. She will definitely be late now. With her legs
spread wide to accommodate the man between them, it was a rather enticing position she
found herself in.

“What’s the matter?” she could feel a smirk in his words, warm breath fanning on her neck.

“I enjoy it when my legs are spread like this,” Ryoko answered without missing a beat. She
heard him let a shaky breath out. Ibiki turned out to be surprisingly respectful and hadn’t
pushed for anything more since that mission almost a month ago. That of course did not stop
Ryoko from teasing and provoking the poor guy.

“Oh really?” he whispered.

“Hn. Too bad I’m late,” she chirped viciously, while her hand ghosted over his broad chest.

“Foxie… you’ll get burned one day if you keep playing with fire.”

“Uuu, scary,” she chuckled, then raised her face to leave a chastise peck on his lips. And she
was gone in a swirl of fire. Off to yet another of her official dates with some man her mother



found.

━━━━━━━━━━

March came quickly to the Land of Fire with cold winds and occasional light snow to coat
the rooftops. Ibiki was a patient man. He chased after something that could not be obtained
quickly. Ryoko was something special and he didn’t want to ruin his chances by being too
overzealous.

Sure, it has been a few months now since he started courting this woman, but there was no
rush. The chase was just another form of foreplay. Memories of her naked form were enough
for now. He closed his eyes and recalled the soft and white skin. Ibiki sometimes glanced at
his own hand recalling how her breast fit in there…

These thoughts were not helping him to concentrate on the work at hand. Yet Ryoko still
lingered in his mind almost every minute of every day. Like a madness, he could not run
away from.

“Speak of the devil,” he smirked, sensing her chakra. Ibiki glanced at the clock. It was almost
the end of his shift. She probably had a report for him… The smile threatened to stretch his
face. Then there was a knock. “Come in.”

Ryoko walked inside without making any sound. She looked as calm and emotionless as ever.
Except for her eyes. They always betrayed her intentions.

“I have my report,” she said, placing a scroll on his desk. Ibiki laced his fingers while
carefully observing her.

“So. They sent you or did you volunteer?”

The woman smirked with arms crossed under her chest. “Just pretend you’re surprised, Ibiki.
Either way, I came to get you because I technically had a good reason to be here.”

“Is that so?” he stood up. Casually Ibiki took the scroll and looked it over. Today was his
birthday and he already knew about the party Anko planned for him. It was only a matter of
time before someone came to ask him out for a casual drink that would actually end up in a
surprise party.

“Yes,” Ryoko smirked, he felt it in that single word. A shiver went down his spine, so to hide
it, the man turned away and walked to the cabinet to file the scroll away. “I do still have to
give you my oral report, senpai.”

Ibiki barely managed not to flinch or turn around. He gulped as his thoughts ran wild
considering the double meaning to her words. Oh, he didn’t hope to be right, but a guy could
dream… He cleared his throat and turned around. “Alright, let’s get it over with then…”

And there she was. Standing right behind him with the devilish twinkle in her eyes. Kami… is
this really happening… Ibiki’s mind blanked as he watched Ryoko’s hand touch his chest and
then slide down together with her.



The woman was on her knees in front of him. It was like a dream. He didn’t dare to speak so
as not to break this illusion. “Happy birthday, Ibiki,” Ryoko said instead as her hand reached
inside his pants.

He inhaled sharply, feeling her breath on his bare skin. Ibiki’s eyes didn’t dare to blink. He
watched from above as Ryoko’s mouth made contact. Instantly he gasped, while his hands
grabbed on the cabinets for support. “Kami…”

Has she done this before? Oh, gods… her tongue… her mouth… it felt like nothing he had
ever experienced before. So warm, gentle, and yet strong and commanding. Ibiki had no
delusions about being in charge in this situation. Ryoko very literally had all the power in her
hands at the moment.

No matter if she was on her knees or standing tall, Ryoko was still in control and he loved
every bit of it. The tension in his body melted as he felt being drawn deeper into her mouth.
There was a big urge to weave a hand into her hair, but even in a position like this, dazed
from lust, Ibiki was not stupid enough to do it.

“OH… Ryoko…” he moaned out after a particular bob of her head that made his cock touch
the very depths of her mouth. He was getting very close. Ibiki felt himself throb and shiver.
His release was like a wave of pleasure that washed over him from head to toe.

At that moment, he opened his eyes and looked down to see the look on her face as he came
deep into her mouth. She stared right back at him with half-lidded eyes. “You’re so hot…” he
whispered, but that thought was cut off as he watched the woman swallow.

Officially, the best birthday ever.

Ryoko pulled away, with his dick popping out free. She then blew cold air at the tip and again
a wave of pleasurable shiver washed over him. That’s the kind of torture he would not mind
enduring any day.

“Now, let’s go. We don’t want to be late,” Ryoko smiled as she stood back up. Her sharp
tongue darted out to lick her lips.

“Just… just give me a sec…” he muttered trying to steady his breathing. Kami. He wanted to
push her over his desk this very instant. Damn his patience.

━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi didn’t know how he got roped into this, but here he was, lurking in the back of the
bar, away from the big crowd of people. Celebrations were not really his forte, yet Obito
managed to con him into going.

What was even worse, was that he knew for a fact that Ryoko would be here. And maybe this
was exactly what Obito planned on. His friend somehow knew that he hadn’t spoken with her
yet.



At least his treats were received well, that was a small consolation prize. But it was progress.
Getting to Ryoko via food and especially sweets was definitely the right way to go if he
wanted to get back in her graces.

An hour later she finally showed up with the man of the hour. Maybe this could be his
chance? While everyone greeted Ibiki, Kakashi slowly inched to the bar, where Ryoko waited
for her drink.

She didn’t turn around to greet him, nor did she show any sign of acknowledging his
presence. Standing next to Ryoko was making his heart beat faster from tension. Should he
greet her? Ask her how she’s doing? Or right away say sorry?

While Kakashi considered the words, her scent finally reached his nose. The familiar spice
with a hint of jasmine. It was warm, just like he remembered it. And Kakashi was about to
open his mouth when his nose caught onto something else.

Is that… He quickly glanced back in Ibiki’s direction. Seriously? With him? Did they just…?
Honestly, Kakashi wasn’t sure why he was so surprised. Of course, Ryoko had a life. Of
course, she dated people… Now he felt even dumber, for saying that no guy would ever want
her.

Clearly somebody very much wanted her. Ryoko just hid it well. She was a shinobi. Kakashi
shouldn’t be surprised. Yet he was. By the time, his mind somewhat digested this new
information, Ryoko already had her drink and left to join the group.

She acted friendly with Ibiki, but Kakashi now knew that they were more than friends. As if,
eyes open, for the first time, he looked over Ryoko. The girl was not the same annoying brat
anymore. She was a woman with her private life kept very private.

Then he glanced over Ibiki. Seriously? With HIM? If Ryoko having her fun was more or less
understandable, then her choice in men left Kakashi stunned. Morino was a complete creep!
What could she possibly see in him? Or was it only a physical ‘fuck & bye’ thing?

The only logical explanation was that Morino had to be using her. Why else would the two
even get together? Maybe he manipulated her? Or threatened her? Kakashi wouldn’t put it
past Ibiki. That’s why the copy nin waited till the early morning to approach the man in
question.

As Ibiki walked down the street back home, Kakashi was already waiting by his door.
“Hatake?” he raised an eyebrow in a questioning manner.

“What is going on between you and Ryoko?” Kakashi said it straight.

Despite being still somewhat intoxicated, Ibiki didn’t show any surprise on his face. “None of
your business.”

“It is my business if you are using her.”

Ibiki laughed. “Seriously? Who is she to you that you’re so concerned all of a sudden?”



“She’s… a friend,” Kakashi gritted his teeth, unsure where the frustration in his tone came
from. Just a second ago he was completely calm.

“Suuuure. You know I can tell when people lie, right? Hatake, what I do with Ryoko is none
of your business, so you better back the fuck off. I don’t share.”

Kakashi perked up as he got into Ibiki’s face. The man seriously irked him the wrong way.
“She is not a thing you can own.”

“That’s true…” Ibiki hummed. “So don’t pretend like you own her,” sharp eyes were no
longer dazed as he stared at Kakashi.

“I don’t!”

“Oh, so then what are you doing here threatening me?”

“I am... looking out for her,” even Kakashi himself could tell that was a lie. To be fair, he was
not sure what exactly was his intentions in approaching Ibiki. It just felt wrong knowing that
the two… did… things together.

“Yeah, sure. Although… I cannot blame you too much. She is… something. I heard you two
were dating a while back? Seriously, how could you have let her go? Trust me, when I say
this, I will not let her go.”

“We were not…” Kakashi was about to deny it, but it looked pointless. Everyone still
believed the rumors. It was too late to backtrack now. “You can think what you want, but
Ryoko will be the one to let you go,” Kakashi settled to say less. He knew that even if there
was something going on between Ibiki and Ryoko, she would not marry him. And he was
aware of her deadline.

Ibiki’s eyes narrowed slightly. “Try me.”

Kakashi tsk’ed his tongue and started to walk away. He had nothing else to say to him.
Unlike Ibiki, who whispered just loud enough for him to hear. “I bet she has never moaned
your name out loud like she has mine.”

…

That… that... was a vindictive and cruel comment that left Kakashi completely stumped.
Sure, if Ibiki thought that they dated before, he would think they did… things. Which was
untrue. Kakashi never even entertained such an idea.

Clearly, Ibiki wanted to rub his face into the fact that he was with Ryoko now. Kakashi
wouldn’t care too much if not for the involuntary images that appeared in his mind.

Ryoko… moaning out… his name.

By the time Kakashi brought his mind back to reality, he found himself standing alone in the
street. Ibiki had gone a while ago. “That son of a…” he whispered, leaping away back home.
Ibiki proved to be as big of a mind fucker as people whispered him to be.



That night something in Kakashi stirred. Something he suppressed before it even took shape.
He couldn't procrastinate any longer. It was time to approach her. And maybe... just maybe,
he could reason with her about Morino and her other dubious choices.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 49: Lies of April
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Are you going to tell me, Koko?”

“Nope! Not yet,” she smiled sweetly at her dear elder brother. He’s been getting curious
about the new technique Ryoko has been working on. Probably heard some comments from
Obito by now, but it doesn’t matter. Ryoko promised to reveal it to Itachi only when it is
completed.

Knowing her brother well, Ryoko expected this little creation of hers to blow Itachi’s mind. It
will open his perception to all kinds of new ideas. And maybe this was still the attitude from
her previous life speaking, but she wanted to raise a brother that would be open-minded and
curious and would not lock himself in a ‘perfect Uchiha’ cage.

It should be completed by Itachi’s nineteenth birthday in a few months. Ryoko had a feeling
that it will be a special day. Also, judging by the way her brother was spending even more
time with his girlfriend, they might even get engaged. That is what her shinobi instincts and
common sense dictated at least.

After spending almost eighteen years with Itachi, it was hard to imagine that he would be
moving on. They will be apart. She will be left behind. Ryoko imagined that this is probably
how twins feel when they are separated.

A bittersweet feeling would gloom over her head sometimes as she thought about the future.
And then the feeling would be gone as her eyes fell on the little Sasuke running around. Little
brother… don’t you worry about a single thing… I will make sure that you have not a single
care in this world… she thought with a serious expression.

“Ryuu-chan, can we go now!!!?” Naruto appeared right behind Sasuke, barely stopping from
crashing into her brother's back.

“Hn.”

Unfortunately, today was her job to babysit the Hokage’s little monster. The problem was not
Naruto himself, but his combination with her little brother. Where the blond was energetic
and creative, Sasuke was the clever and strategic one. Meaning that Naruto’s crazy ideas
would end up being polished and actually see the light of day.

A very dangerous combo these two were.

Ryoko had a genius idea though. Her dear sensei had officially adopted two kids right after
New Years'. They were actually tolerable, especially the older one - Shin. Even the younger
one Ryoko could bear as he kept to himself and drew instead of causing trouble.



When she brought Sasuke into the mix, her brother reflected the calm and collected stature of
the two boys. So the woman could only hope that Shin and Sai would have the same positive
effect on Naruto as well.

“So, uhn, will they go to the Academy with us?” the blond chattered away as they walked
towards Orochimaru’s & Cherrie’s home.

“Sai-kun will,” Sasuke chirped right back. Shisui’s smile and positivity clearly rubbed off on
the boy, despite Fugaku's wishes to have a 'normal' son.

“Ohhhh! That’s cool, ya’ know! I bet we’ll be best friends!”

Ryoko should have known that these were ominous words sent to warn her. But she was too
ignorant to see it. Still hopeful and naive she led them forward.

It turned out that Naruto plus Sasuke plus Sai equals a catastrophe. With the young
Namikaze’s ideas, Uchiha brains to back it up, and Orochimaru’s & Cherrie’s teachings to
achieve it, the trio worked like a well-oiled machine that was scary effective & efficient with
their causes.

Ryoko looked away once… only once! And the trio was gone. She cursed as her senses
stretched to look for the boys. Nothing. “I’ll kill them myself…” she whispered under her
breath, while her hand automatically weaved hand signs for the summoning of the hunter
cats.

“Listen up. We have three little kittens that strayed away from home. Please hunt them down
for me and I’ll get you all… a ball of yarn each,” Ryoko ordered, arms crossed under her
chest, voice stern and serious as if it was an army before her and not six little cats.

Six pairs of eyes sparkled with mischief and determination. They scattered in different
directions without anything else said. It wasn’t the first time Ryoko used her summons to find
Naruto and Sasuke. Much more convenient than running around the village herself.

“Maybe it’s Shin and not Sai?” she muttered aloud while writing a note for Cherry. The man
was currently out with Shin in the market. Hopefully, Ryoko can get back with her lost wards
before dinner time.

Thinking more about it, Shin indeed seemed like the calmest one of the kids. Yet, for some
reason, he avoided Ryoko. She couldn’t tell why just yet, but it did not look like something
serious… Maybe Sai could give her some insight… Sai... Right. Kids.

Ryoko exhaled, feeling pained by this ordeal already. The only thought moving her forward
was the possible shame from being fooled by a bunch of kids. So she jumped out of the
window and stood tall on a phone post observing the surroundings.

It was pointless to sense for Sasuke or Sai, both had calm chakra that they could already mold
and shift to deceive people while sneaking around. Naruto, even after his stealth improved
tremendously, still carried a beacon among all chakras.



“Here, Foxie Foxie,” she whispered looking around. The vile feeling of the nine-tailed fox
chakra she would never forget. Her arm and neck still tingled whenever she stood closer to
Naruto.

Ryoko started her search by methodically passing each clan’s compound. They were the
obvious targets for a prankster like young Namikaze. Two hours later her hunch was
confirmed. Ryoko dropped down from the trees in front of the three kids fleeing the scene.

Arms crossed, face serious, she looked over the frozen trio. “Hyuga? Really? Do you have a
death wish?” she said, arching one of her eyebrows.

“A-a-ane…” Sasuke stuttered. He was a clever boy plus, being her brother, Sasuke knew
better than to piss Ryoko off. Naruto next to him gulped, while Sai looked calm as a
cucumber.

“Let’s go before you are actually in trouble,” she finally said as there was no yelling coming
from the Hyuga compound just yet. Ryoko could only guess what prank the boys pulled this
time.

Uchiha hair was not the only casualty in Naruto’s wake. Inuzuka could only whisper for a
whole month (what a blessed peaceful time that was). Nara had to suffer from insomnia for a
whole week. That one, got Naruto in serious trouble, so moving on the boy naturally got
better at hiding his tracks. Resulting in the day known as the Yamanaka Chicken Beak
incident.

Looks like finally, the day had come for Hyuga to join the pranked clan club. Ryoko was
excited to see what Naruto had in store for the stuck-up, silky hair bastards. Yet she did not
want to be anywhere near when the prank is discovered. Thankfully, the kids won't tell a soul
about managing to run away from Ryoko, because she was their only alibi.

The woman slung Sasuke over her shoulder, grabbed two other boys by their shirts, and
jumped away. The faster they return to Orochimaru's home, the less suspicion there will be
on the kids and therefore herself.

When Cherry and Shin returned, they found Ryoko calmly sipping tea, while the boys were
doing pushups. “Honey, let the boys play,” Cherry chirped as he plucked Sai up to hug the
little boy in greeting.

“Ah, so? Naruto-kun, what do you say? Play or more training?” Ryoko gave the blond a
saccharine smile. Credit where credit is due - Naruto did not miss a beat and smiled brightly
as if he didn’t fear her at all.

“TRAINING, Ryuu-sama!”

“Goooood. Now a hundred more pushups and we’ll move on to situps.”

“What did they do?” Shin whispered, taking a seat next to Ryoko. She didn’t say anything,
just smiled. Shin was clever and would put two and two together soon enough.



Sai was finally released from the deathly grasp of his parent and joined the other boys in
training. Overall a normal day in Ryoko’s life. Or so she thought…

Ryoko’s official shift ended at eight in the evening. She clearly felt two hidden ANBU guards
appear in a tree a hundred meters away from the house. “Sasuke, Naruto, let’s go home.”

“Aneeee, can we stay the night here with Sai and Shin-kun? Orochi-ojisan won’t mind, I
promise we’ll behave!” her brother pleaded with big doe-like eyes.

“Cherry-san, is that okay with you?” she glanced at the man who watched the little exchange
with a fond smile.

“Of course, hun. They are always welcome here.”

Ryoko was skeptical as she looked over the hopeful boys. Well, her shift is over so they are
no longer her problem, technically… “Fine. I’ll let mother know. Sai-kun, could you send a
message to Kushina-san?”

“Yes, Ryoko-san,” the boy already had his ink and scroll out as if preemptively expecting
such a decision from her. Ryoko didn’t even feel bad about brushing off the responsibility on
sensei. Despite how much Orochimaru denied it, it was clear that he loved dotting over kids
in his own way.

Ryoko finally said her goodbyes and left. She didn’t hurry home yet as Cherry made sure to
feed her before leaving. Maybe a small snack before the second dinner at home? Ryoko
planned as her feet already brought the woman to the market.

Most of the stalls were already closed for the day, only cafes, bars, and food vendors were
left. Her favorite kind of vendors. Ryoko casually walked around until she picked some
Yakitori. Chicken with sweet honey sauce grilled on open flames was something out of her
dreams.

“Bull?” Ryoko whispered when she spotted the big dog nestled by a bench. It was clearly
Kakashi’s summon, based on the attire the animal was wearing. No normal dog, even
Inuzuka, wore headbands.

After another moment of debating, she approached. Mostly because she couldn’t sense
Kakashi anywhere around. “Hey, Bull. You alright?” Ryoko asked as she reached a hand to
pet him.

The big head lifted up to meet her palm. Despite his size, Bull was a sweetheart and enjoyed
head rubs most of all. “Mmm, Boss Lady. You got something tasty there?”

“Have at it,” how could Ryoko refuse? Without hesitation, she sacrificed her chicken for the
dog. It was gone in seconds. “So, what are you doing here all alone?”

“Waiting on boss,” he rumbled after the last bit of chicken vanished. Bull's big head returned
to her own palm for more rubs.



“Ah, I see, then I should probably go,” Ryoko said even though she didn’t move to leave just
yet. The prospect of seeing Kakashi didn’t cause her any feelings unlike before, but she still
preferred not to be in his company. His ninken were an exception.

“Boss lady, you can’t go.”

“Why is that?” she tilted her head at Bull, who in turn kept eye contact before he jumped on
her. Ryoko’s hands were flushed to the ground by the enormous paws, preventing her from
making any hand signs.

Oh Kami… not again… she thought just in time before her senses registered a familiar chakra
appearing beside them. Quickly, she was grabbed by Kakashi and shunshined away.

It felt like one big deja vu. The bastard used his dogs again and she fell for it! Just like the
first time, Ryoko found herself pinned to the ground, with Kakashi looming over her.

“What do you want, Hatake?” she said coldly, unprovoked by his blatant kidnapping. Ryoko
knew exactly what he was after. The silly man expected her to react the same way as last time
- start a fight. No, she refused to stoop to his level.

━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi could hardly believe that this worked for the second time. The puppy ruse seemed to
be very effective when going against Ryoko. He absently wondered if it would work a third
time…

“What do you want, Hatake?” Ryoko’s voice was cold and distant, even though they were so
close to each other. Kakashi grasped her wrists tighter because he couldn’t let her get away.
Part of him expected to get at least some retaliation, but there was nothing. She was
completely still.

What a shame. Is this the level of anger, when a person no longer throws a fit but goes
completely still? It would be scary if Kakashi was not a seasoned ANBU agent. He looked at
the woman below him, searching her eyes for something.

A sign maybe? Or a glimmer of hope? There was only endless darkness. “I…” he whispered.
What did he want? Before this happened, Kakashi was certain that he just wanted his friend
back. Now, he was not so sure anymore.

He felt his heart rate increase, eyes glued to her face, hands gripping her for dear life. What is
this strange feeling? There was a sense of warmth inside of him. Logically, Kakashi would
say that it is only a byproduct of touching another human being. But that was not the case
here. The warmth was somewhere in his core, making his throat dry, and his stomach turn.

At this moment Kakashi knew.

Subconsciously he probably felt it for a while now. It took forcing himself on Ryoko to
realize it. And now Kakashi was too aware of the position they were in. On the ground.
Together. Him on top. Ibiki's taunt ringing loud and clear in his mind. And what was even



worse, Kakashi realized that he was not against this. He actually felt rather aroused by their
current position.

At this very moment, Kakashi Hatake realized, that he, the infamous Copy nin with over a
1000 jutsu, a son of a traitor, a lone prodigy, he… he likes Ryoko Uchiha more than just a
friend.

NO! Noooo… Oh Kami! WHY??! Why her? Anyone but her!... he froze up petrified from the
thought. It was clear as day. The girl under him was attracting Kakashi like no other. The way
she looked, the way she acted… She brought back a long-forgotten feeling of home to his
existence. So warm and familiar...

“So, what do you want from me, Hatake?” she repeated the question as he stayed silently
staring at her.

“I…” he started once more, while his brain raced. He didn’t want to be just friends with her
anymore. He wanted more. Taking a big risk, he decided to actually say it. To hell with
caution. It was already too late since the moment his hands touched her delicate wrists.
“Ryoko… I don’t want to be friends with you anymore.”

The silence felt impossibly loud to him as Kakashi waited to see the woman’s reaction.
Surprisingly, she didn’t react in any way at all. If only, the cold in her eyes intensified.

“Likewise,” Ryoko whispered.

Kakashi didn’t hurry to be happy about her response, because something sounded off. He
opened his mouth slightly as he pulled back. “Wait..” Kakashi said with his eye wide in
panic, but it was too late. Ryoko took his momentary retreat and used a substitution jutsu,
leaving him straddling a log.

“Wait…” he reached into the distance weakly. “I don’t want to be just friends…” one word.
He missed. One. Word. And the meaning of his statement was completely changed. He
looked up to the sky still not fully grasping what just happened.

“I am a fucking idiot,” Kakashi said to himself.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko landed on a tree branch about two hundred meters away. Instantly she jumped further
to get from this place as fast as possible. Seriously? That’s all Kakashi had to say? Honestly,
the man acted as if this was some big revelation.

They were not friends as far as she was concerned. “Whatever… he’s such a weirdo,” the
woman said under her breath just as she landed on the cobbled street. She had better things to
do than spend her energy on someone like Kakashi.

Leisurely she walked towards the Uchiha district when her ears caught a wave of whispers. It
was not hard to pinpoint their cause. Ahead of Ryoko, pompous as ever, walked none other
than Hiashi Hyuga in an urgent pace headed towards the Hokage tower.



Ryoko almost laughed out loud. “Kami… those kids are something…” she said to herself.
Their prank on Hyuga was now on full display. And it was brilliant. And Hilarious. And so
fitting.

Hiashi Hyuga had an afro. Puffy and curly and oh so glorious. It was now pretty easy to spot
other Hyuga in the crowd. They all had afros! “I need to buy them something nice,” Ryoko
decided before she eventually got back home.

“Father, you look cheerful,” Itachi said as they all gathered for late dinner. “Did anything
good happen?”

“Hn. Nothing in particular,” Fugaku grumbled, but Ryoko could guess the reason for it. It’s
not like Hyuga and Uchiha were at odds with each other… More like competitive rivals that
can still laugh at each other.

“Father, if I may suggest, we should do something special for Sasuke’s birthday this year,”
Ryoko added, as a matter of fact, subtly suggesting about her little brother being compliant
with the prank that cheered him up today.

“Hmmm… Where is he today?” Fugaku asked instead.

Mikoto served rice while she spoke. “Oh, Sasuke is having a sleepover with Naruto-kun and
Sai-kun at Orochimaru-sama’s home.”

“Ah. I see,” he nodded. “In that case, Ryoko, I think you are right,” father understood exactly
what she meant and he clearly approved. As long as his boy got away with his deeds, Fugaku
could passively support him.

It was an eventful yet good day overall. Ryoko didn’t remember Kakashi even once since
their sudden meeting. He was as insignificant as any other stranger in her way.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Apologies for the wait on this chapter! I was dealing with some health issues ^^ (not
Covid ;D ) anywho, it was making it difficult to type, but getting better now, so
hopefully, I will continue with my more frequent updates ^^



Chapter 50: Despair
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Kakashi didn’t know how he got back home after that… that... that disastrous failure of a
conversation. He slumped on the floor in front of his sofa and rested his back while his mind
continued to race. Oh, Kami. WHY?

Maybe a hundredth time he asked himself. WHY? WHY Ryoko? Why her? Kakashi was
completely content being alone with a distance he carefully managed to maintain from other
people. Somehow, without his knowledge, that woman got close to him… Got under his skin
and into his heart.

But how? When? WHYYY? Kakashi couldn’t even deny this feeling, because the moment he
imagined Ryoko, all he could think about was… holding her… kissing her… or just simply
being next to her.

“Stupid stupid… this is all bullshit! I cannot like Ryoko!” he muttered, settling his mind on
the only possible explanation. “That’s right. Any feelings I think I have for her are simply a
byproduct of my empty life. Yeah… this is just a crush… nothing more…”

Because surely he couldn’t like her. Anyone but Ryoko would be better. Liking her seemed
simply wrong. She was a friend. A rival even. She was also incredibly stubborn, and
annoying, and insufferable, and… strong, and graceful, and determined, and loyal, and smart,
and… pretty.

“Grrrh! NO! I need to get this out of my system,” he yelled out in frustration because for
once his mind was not listening to him. Even if the logical part of Kakashi tried to deny it,
the other part of it kept derailing his trains of thought.

The man stood up and decided to find a distraction. Thankfully, he still had a few days off.
That should be enough for a small trip to the neighboring village. “She should still be
there…” he considered recalling one of his past flings.

Surely if he takes care of the annoying physical tension, his mind will come to reason too.
That was his plan. The problem was that Kakashi forgot one small little detail... That woman
he laid with once before…

“Shit…” he cursed watching her from a distance. That woman… she had long black hair…
was pale and curvy… A lot like someone else he knew… Someone he wanted to get out of
his mind! “Hmm… but maybe this will work even better… I can just think it is her and get
my frustration out…” Kakashi nodded to himself before approaching the woman.

Hours later he had to curse again. Things did not get better even when his body felt spent. On
the contrary! It got only worse… His mind could not stop imagining Ryoko instead of the
woman moaning beneath him.



Would she be vocal? Would he be able to take her breath away? Would she… moan his
name? Oh, Kami! Why? Why does it always happen to him? Why did he like Ryoko? Why
couldn’t he stop thinking about her?

Why?

Why!?

WHY!

Why…

Kakashi felt completely lost in this situation. He could not recall ever experiencing feelings
like these. Even thoughts like these. At most, he read such things only in the Icha Icha series,
but real life was different.

Sure he had people dear to him. People he cared for. Minato sensei and his family. His team.
Even Gai had a special place. But he never once liked anyone like this, especially girls. Was
this how Obito felt about Rin? Or how Rin felt about him? The crush that is bound for
failure.

Just like Kakashi was sure of the feelings he had for Ryoko, he was also sure of her never
returning them. They were not even friends anymore… So maybe… maybe this is for the
best. He can like Ryoko from afar without any expectations of having his feelings
reciprocated.

Somehow this thought managed to calm him or maybe it was the ANBU training kicking in
to lock the emotions away.

Yes. That will have to do. He can deal with being alone. That he knows how to do. After all,
despite there being a lot of people around, Kakashi was still all alone in that crowd. He felt
numb.

━━━━━━━━━━

For a few weeks, it seemed like Kakashi had a handle on things. The truth was, that he was
living mostly on autopilot. Numb to his surroundings. Emotionless. Just a mindless robot
completing his missions, returning home, resting and repeating everything once again.

This was the only way Kakashi knew how to survive the emotional turmoil that brewed in the
depths of his mind. He wasn’t running away from his problems. No. He was simply ignoring
them as if they did not exist in the first place. If Kakashi acted as if he didn’t care for long
enough it would come true...

The cracks in his resolve started innocently from one simple book. It was the new issue from
the Icha Icha series. Another perfectly good way to escape his life. Kakashi gladly chose to
read instead of thinking about his life and the mistakes he’s made.

But the world clearly was against him. After a few chapters, the man scrunched his face.
This… this new main heroine… Her looks and attitude sounded rather familiar. Maybe he



was projecting now?

Kakashi wanted proof. Either he was indeed projecting and going insane or this was just a
coincidence. That is why he hunted down the Toad sannin. Honestly, it wasn’t that hard to
find the pervy man.

Everybody knew by now that he either spent his time with other sannin or ‘gathering
research’ as he called it. At this time of the day, or evening actually, Kakashi decided to first
look in local bars. And sure, lo and behold, there he was, drinking with Tsunade sama.

“Jiraiya-sama!” Kakashi approached.

“Ohh! You’re Minato’s brat, right?” the man blinked a few times. His cheeks were heavily
flushed, while Tsunade by his side looked barely even tipsy.

“Ah… yes…” Kakashi decided not to argue. This was not why he came here for. He took the
little book out of his vest and placed it on the table.

“OHHH! A fan? I see! You want an autograph???” Jiraiya got a pen from the thin air and was
already putting a signature when Kakashi managed to put his question out in the open.

“Jiraiya-sama, who is the main heroine in this book based off?”

“Oh… well there are many…”

“Oh you, old oaf, just answer the kid, I am curious too,” Tsunade smirked after drinking
straight from her sake bottle.

The pervy man giggled like some shy schoolgirl. “Well… there was this one time… ah about
a year ago… I saw the most… voluptuous goddess of a creature in the hot springs…”

“You sleazy perv! You were peeping again!!!!” Tsunade bashed him over the head. It looked
like it hurt, but Kakashi didn’t care much about Jiraiya’s feelings as long as he could still
speak.

“What was her name?”

“Name… hmmm..” Jiraiya rubbed the bump on his head while either masterfully pretending
he doesn’t know or not even trying to remember such a small detail as a name. “Oh, I know!”
suddenly Jiraiya perked up as he spotted someone in the distance. “Cherry! Come here!”

He beckoned the tall handsome man to come closer. Kakashi eyed the pink-haired one
suspiciously, but he didn’t comment. “Good evening, everyone,” Cherry greeted with his
silky voice. So smooth. Kakashi most definitely will use that on his next seduction mission.

“Cher, you remember that time we went to the springs to think of a gift for Maru?” Jiraiya
babbled as he poured a glass for the other man.

“Ah yes, I remember. Why do you ask?” sharp eyes glanced between the sannin and Kakashi.
He didn’t like that gaze and shifted uncomfortably in his spot. Cherry seemed far more



observant than Kakashi would like him to be.

“You remember we met those two ripe beauties there? What were their names?”

The look Cherry gave… it was something between not impressed and mildly amused. “You
mean Mikoto-sama and Ryoko-chan?”

“Yes yes! The Uchiha women! Damn, they were…”

Kakashi stopped listening after that. Kami. So he was not going crazy. And this was not a
coincidence… Casually, he pocketed the book and left ignoring the way Cherry watched him
leave.

He practically trembled thinking that the few chapters he already read were about her…
Surely, with this knowledge, Kakashi should throw away the book and forget about it. Yet he
could not lift his hand to do it.

Back home, Kakashi stared at the Icha Icha volume placed in the middle of his kitchen table.
What to do? He really shouldn’t continue reading… It will do nothing good to his mental
resolve… But maybe… maybe it will help him cope?

Maybe if he read just one more chapter…

His fingers were itching. Really, what’s the worst that could happen?...

...

By the time he finished rereading the book for the second time, birds were already chirping
outside his window. He apparently read the entire night. Slowly, he closed the book, placed it
on his nightstand, and curled up on the bed.

It was… he felt…

...

Overall, Icha Icha had the usual plot that was filled with drama and romance and… more. Yet
this time, it left Kakashi feeling devastated inside. He could not stop imagining himself as the
main character getting enthralled by the female character that was so clearly an embodiment
of Ryoko. That was not the upsetting part, however.

The thing that left Kakashi disheartened was knowing that such a plot was only possible in
fiction. In real life, he could never be with Ryoko like that. He could not hold her like that.
He could not even take her hand at this point…

Yet he could not stop pining over it. Over the idea. The fictional scenario in his head. Surely
he and Ryoko was a bad idea. And yet he still wanted that bad romance with her. No matter
how bold and crazy she sometimes is, Kakashi wanted it all. He wanted her love. Despite the
drama she would cause, Kakashi still wanted to hold her hand. He wanted to kiss her. He
wanted Ryoko’s love.



Even if he didn’t deserve it.

No matter how hard he tried to ignore or deny it, Kakashi knew that it was not just a simple
whim. He needed her. He wanted her bad. That feeling made his chest feel heavy as if a
bolder was preventing him from breathing.

But Ryoko was not here. She was as attainable as the Moon. Kakashi was pretty sure that she
hated him. And even if she didn’t, the woman was already with someone else… A lump
formed in his throat.

Hopeless. He felt utterly and completely out of his depth. Lost in his thoughts like a child
fumbling through a maze with no guidance. There was no clever answer to his problem or a
good strategy that would change anything.

Kakashi shivered and only then realized that it was already dark outside again. How long has
he been here? Well, nobody came looking for him with a mission, so probably not that long.
Besides the messengers, nobody else would come looking either away.

He groggily stood up from his bed. The pounding in his head intensified like an annoying
migraine. Kakashi felt tired, but also just too numb to do anything about it. Instinctively his
feet took him to the one place where he usually went in a state like this.

The man stood all alone in the graveyard in front of his father's memorial stone. It was small
and practically blended in with the surroundings. Even that was too much for a traitor like his
father…

“I… don’t know what to do…” he whispered, staring at the headstone as if it would
magically speak back at him. It never did, but Kakashi still had the urge to speak out loud
when he was here.

“How.. how can I fix... this?... Dad… I messed up…” Kakashi shivered as a gust of wind
blew restlessly around him. “You… you never taught me how to…” he choked up unable to
say what was on his mind.

Maybe… just maybe! If his father was there… if he had taught him how to act with girls… if
he had loved Kakashi instead of being selfish… If… if his mother was there… Maybe he
would know how to act around Ryoko instead of continually making the situation worse.

Who was he kidding? He probably would still find a way to ruin everything… That’s all he
ever did - fail the people around him. Kakashi always knew that his mere existence was a
hindrance to those around him.

Maybe if he didn’t exist, his father would have chosen a different path. Maybe Obito
wouldn’t have gotten hurt. Maybe Rin wouldn’t have been kidnapped. Maybe Minato and
Kushina would have been safe during their childbirth. Maybe…

“Oh! Kakashi-kun! What are you doing here so late?” he heard a familiar voice of Kushina
behind him. Kakashi didn’t turn around, despite how his body flinched from hearing someone
else speak.



“Kakashi-kun?”

His shoulders trembled again involuntarily. Part of him wanted to stay alone. Another part of
him was relieved that he wasn’t. Every feeling and thought in him was conflicting at this
moment. It was just getting too much to handle.

Kakashi felt a small hand on his shoulder. “I…” he whispered with a trembling voice. “I can’t
anymore… I ruin everything… I’m a failure...” he didn’t have time to voice anything else, as
a head of red hair came into view when Kushina engulfed him in a hug.

At this moment he really did feel weak and worthless. Something inside him cracked and
finally broke. The pounding in his head. The lump in his throat. The dark thoughts… it was
all too much.

Kakashi hunched over and nuzzled into Kushina’s neck, feeling like he could stand only
because she was holding him. It felt like both of his eyes were burning now. Something hot
trickled down his cheeks.

Kushina’s hands brushed his back in what would usually be a soothing motion, but instead, it
made Kakashi weep even more. He didn’t deserve this either! He failed to protect Kushina
when she was giving birth… He didn’t deserve to be held like this by her of all people…

“Shh Shhh Shhh, honey, it’s alright,” she cooed into his ear, but it only hurt more.

He didn’t deserve this kindness just like he didn’t deserve Ryoko or her forgiveness.

“Kakashi… can you tell me what happened?” she asked softly. Is this how mothers speak?
He wouldn’t know. But he imagined that yes. Kushina was like the embodiment of a mother
and her manners only proved it to the man.

So for some reason, Kakashi told her everything. About the misunderstanding with the
pendants. About Ryoko asking him out. About him insulting her with his reaction. About the
avoidance. About the horrible turn of events in the Hokage tower. About him making Ryoko
cry… again. About accidentally rejecting her as a friend on top of all of that.

“Then… then… I realized that I… I like her… but it’s too late now…”

“Oh, honey… it’s not too late. You just need to properly talk with her.”

“What’s the point? It’s better if I stay away…”

“No, Kakashi! Listen to me! You just need to make it right. I am sure that Ryoko-chan will
understand if you explain it to her.”

“But… what if… I don’t want to?”

“What? What do you mean?” Kushina tilted her head in small confusion as she continued to
rub his back.



“What’s the point?... People always leave... they never stay… I am better off alone… I… I
almost lost everyone… Obito… Rin... Minato-sensei… You… If I get close to her... she… I
am cursed.“

That is honestly what Kakahi thought. The facts were on his side. It really felt like anyone he
got close to eventually died or got close to death.

“Oh… Kakashi…”

━━━━━━━━━━

Even if physically Kakashi felt better after talking to Kushina and crying on her shoulder,
mentally he was still struggling. She assured him that everything would work out, but he had
a hard time believing those words. Of course, he only thanked Kushina and did not dismiss
her care. It felt nice even if just for an hour to be consoled by her.

A few weeks went by and just like that the month of May ended with Kakashi being as numb
as at the start of it. Nothing changed. The only thing keeping him functioning were the
missions he got.

For some reason, he didn’t get as many ANBU missions anymore. Was he failing there too?
Were his results not enough so that he was slowly being pushed out of the ranks? If he loses
ANBU there will truly be nothing left in his empty life… Kakashi will then be a well-
rounded failure.

The next mission.

He cannot fail it.

He has to complete it.

Even if it kills him.

Kakashi was determined to at least not become a traitor like his father, but complete the
mission and keep everyone safe at the same time.

The next mission Kakashi received once again as a regular jonin. He didn’t show any
reaction or displeasure in Minato’s presence, despite how low his heart sank standing in the
Hokage Office.

“Is the mission clear?”

“Yes, Hokage-sama,” he said automatically with two others by his side assigned to the same
task. It was Genma Shiranui and Anko Mitarashi.

The clouds were gathering above their heads as the trio left the village. It was an infiltration
mission with a lot of unknowns. Unknown location. Unknown gang. Unknown inner
relationship structure. Unknown skills. Unknown if they will make it back alive…



“Hmmm, you’re awfully gloomy, Hatake,” Genma remarked with the senbon for once
missing from his mouth.

He didn’t deem that with a reply. Kakashi was completely and utterly focused on the mission
ahead. He could not allow himself to fail. In situations like these the numbness plaguing him
was actually welcome and appreciated. He didn’t have to worry about anything, even
himself. Kakashi was desperate to complete his task. This was the only thing he had any
control over.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

The only thing I can add is that - it is okay for men to cry. That does not mean they are
weak, childish or etc. Grown men are also human and have feelings. It is okay to cry.

On another, lighter note, I have finally created a separate section for all the omakes of
this story: 

WwMd -Omakes

Hope you enjoy! ^^ and any suggestions/ requests are welcome!



Chapter 51: Assumptions
Chapter Notes

Dear readers! Turns out that your author cannot write shit during heat waves -..- it feels
like my brain is melting even if I already have everything planned out far ahead! Let us
all pray for the gods of rain and AC! ^^ I do hope you enjoy this late chapter.

Ryoko had to hand it to the kids - seeing Hyuga walk around with puffy afro’s was something
she didn’t know she needed in her life. For two whole weeks, she enjoyed the sight until the
matter was resolved.

“What a shame,” she whispered as her eyes trailed after Hiashi Hyuga and his silky smooth
black hair. Ryoko sighed once more when he turned the corner.

“There you are, princess!” Shisui appeared behind her without making a sound or even a poof
of smoke. She turned around to greet him with a hug. No matter their age, an embrace still
was something they did every time.

“You smell like you were training for the past two weeks,” she scrunched her nose with an
attempt to get away from Shisui. He laughed, hugging the girl tighter to his chest.

“And you are so soft and squishy, that I cannot stop hugging you, hime!”

“For Madara’s sake, Shisui, unhand me!”

“Alright alright,” he laughed loudly and joyfully, without a single care in the world about
what the onlookers thought of his actions. Ryoko crossed arms under her chest and pouted at
him.

“I am not a plush toy for you to cuddle,” she grumbled as they started walking down the busy
street. It wasn’t so odd for Ryoko to meet Shisui like this. Besides being from the same clan
and even cousins, they were in the same shadow ranks as well.

ANBU work was not something you could share with just anyone if you even could talk
about it. Ryoko didn’t feel like she needed to talk about it as most of her missions were rather
fun and enjoyable for her. It was all for Shisui. She didn’t want to see the smile on his face
fade.

So she would invite him once in a while to meet up for lunch or a drink. They would walk,
talk, share stories, and joke around. It was nice. On occasion, it almost reminded her of the
old days when she would hang out with Kakashi like this...

“Aww, you wound me, princess!”



“Oh, stop it, drama queen!”

“I am not!” he gasped, further proving her point.

“Anyways, Shi-kun, I was meaning to ask you, will you stay in ANBU after brother takes
over?” Ryoko voiced her main question just as the two settled on the bank of their favorite
lake. Shisui casually laid down, so that his head would rest in her lap, begging to be pet.
Ryoko complied with her glove-covered fingers threading in the wild dark locks.

“Hmm… Maybe..” when Shisui spoke it seemed like his head was miles away. He was
clearly thinking about something that to him associated with ANBU. Or her brother. Or the
future.

Ryoko scrunched her face into a frown. She didn’t like this kind of walking around the
subject. “Maybe? So you plan on staying in the shadows? Why?”

Dark eyes looked up from her lap as if calculating if she could be trusted with the truth.
Maybe a year or two back, Shisui would have laughed it off and just changed the subject. But
they were closer now than ever before. Ryoko and him were not only relatives now but two
connected by a strong bond of bloodshed their work entailed.

“I… well… there is someone from another team… that I want to keep my eye on...” he
finally said. Ryoko’s hand brushing his hair stopped mid-action. Her visible eyebrow raised,
she took a good look at his eyes. Shisui wasn’t joking.

“Oh… so, you like someone from another team?” she dumbly repeated as if to confirm the
statement.

“Yup,” the smile on his face was blissful and bright, just like always. Maybe even more. The
man stared at the sky clearly thinking of someone else at the moment. Honestly, she wasn’t
that surprised.

Itachi was practically married to Izumi. Obito was already living with Anko. No surprise that
Shisui too had someone he pined for. Ryoko could only guess who it was… “I see… Hn,” she
said, meaning ‘thank you for sharing, and please be careful in ANBU. I care very deeply
about you. But I am also happy that you found someone you like.’

“Hn,” he responded, meaning ‘I appreciate your care for me, dear cousin. I will be careful as
the whims of my heart take me to never before seen adventures in the name of love.’

They sat in silence for a bit contemplating over life or not thinking anything at all. “Do you
like anyone, princess?” Shisui asked after some time.

She hummed considering her options in a very rational and logical manner. There was Ibiki
who she enjoyed making out with. And teasing. And sneaking around with. But did she like
like him? No. Her heart didn’t race thinking about him after the first month of their secret
relationship passed.



There was also good old trusty Shikaku who never disappointed her. In Ryoko’s dreams.
Even thinking about him, Ryoko could not hold down a sigh that escaped her lips. He was
truly a gorgeous man. Like an idol, that may or may not be completely shattered if
approached in real life.

There were also a few others who managed to get into her fantasies over the years, but none
that would make her knees weak. There was no one that came to Ryoko’s mind when
thinking about… love.

Ryoko sometimes considered that maybe she will never feel it. Not like she wanted to… Or
needed to… The woman was also aware that she was capable of love in general. As a living
proof was her undying and never dwindling affection for her family. So she was capable of
love… just not with any man around her.

“No, I do not like anyone,” she finally answered and Ryoko was completely fine with that.
With being alone. As long as her family was there.

━━━━━━━━━━

Later that evening Ryoko met up with Ibiki in the shadows of a park on top of the Hokage
mountain. He embraced her immediately. For some reason, men really enjoyed hugging her
tightly…

“Hmm… you smell of a man…” he muttered after taking a few inhales by her neck.

“Yeah, I was with Shisui today,” Ryoko said when Ibiki finally pulled away.

“You spend a lot of time with him…”

“Obviously. He is my cousin,” she shrugged like it was the most natural fact out there, while
they walked to the edge of the cliff for a better view of the village.

“You could be spending that time with me...”

“Are you telling me what to do?” her eyebrow arched, almost daring Ibiki to confirm, but he
stayed silent. Despite all the secrecy and distance between them, somehow he managed to get
possessive over her. Ryoko was mildly amused by it, so she didn’t really say anything.

Of course, if Ibiki would ask to choose Shisui or him, there was no doubt in her mind what
she would choose. Ryoko was almost flattered by the small hints of jealousy he showed from
time to time. It was like proof that she was wanted by someone. Ryoko was almost tempted
to further provoke the man. Almost.

The funny part was, that they haven’t even slept together yet and Ibiki still managed to lose
himself completely in her. Meanwhile, Ryoko just wasn’t feeling it, despite the occasions that
occurred from time to time. Yes, she was attracted, but she did not feel aroused enough,
which was odd, but not something she questioned.

In her past life, Ryoko was familiar with both types of sex. The one where you just do it to do
it. And the other, when you do it because you feel like you will die otherwise. The need and



thirst in those moments is something better than drugs. She wanted to feel something like that
in this world too…

Ibiki didn’t say anything else. Instead, he hugged her from behind and trailed kisses on her
neck as they watched the sunset.

━━━━━━━━━━

Minato didn’t consider himself to be superstitious. Yet, when the glass of the window behind
him cracked in his office, Hokage knew that it could not be a sign of anything good. There
was this ominous feeling lingering in the air. Like static right before the storm.

“I probably should finish up early today,” he said to himself with a shaky smile. Minato
quickly shoved the last batch of papers into a drawer, dismissed his ANBU, and went straight
home.

“I’m home!” He chirped, stepping over the threshold of his home. Another odd sign was the
lack of noise around. Minato felt the chakra of his children upstairs in their rooms. “Honey?”
he called carefully for Kushina.

Her chakra was completely suppressed, but there was the faintest scent of her presence.
Minato ventured deeper into his home, with his hand itching to take out a kunai for
protection. Maybe he forgot an anniversary again? Or missed a promise he made to Naruto?

There was light coming from the kitchen. The man bravely glanced inside and exhaled with
relief. Kushina was there, with her back turned to him. Probably working on a tasty dinner.
“Honey, you probably didn’t hear me…” he started to say when Kushina glanced over her
shoulder.

Her grey eyes were now red and split, with the red hair framing her face like the tails of the
beast she once carried in her body. “Sit!” she growled.

Minato hurried to follow her command, all while taking a second look at her eyes. No, they
were not actually red. But the way she looked at him… it might as well be the Nine-Tails Fox
staring him in the face.

“Honey?” he carefully asked despite the better judgment urging him to stay silent.

“My dearest husband, SIT!”

Minato ducked his head like a child about to receive a scolding, for what, he was not yet sure.
And if he had to wonder what exactly Kushina was angry about, just proved to show that the
scolding was justified. He waited silently as the woman sat across from him.

“You know how long I have been planning it?”

“What?”

“I knew from the start… and I have already planned for so much! The venue… the date… I
think winter would fit them well… or early spring… I even chose the flowers and started



making speeches in my head…” she was rambling, while Minato was still beyond lost about
the subject of her frustration.

“Kushina… my love, what have you been planning?” he asked carefully.

“THEIR WEDDING OF COURSE!” she yelled out, eyes ablaze.

“Whose wedding?” he blinked, taken completely by surprise.

“KAKASHI’S and RYOKO’s! And now you RUINED IT!”

Oh. His mouth made a perfect round shape of surprise to that. He wanted to say something,
but Kushina cut him off. “But YOU,” she pointed a sharp finger at Minato. “Just HAD to
meddle with the kids! And now they are miserable! Kakashi is DEVASTATED!”

“I…” he muttered as the news hit him. Kakashi never showed much emotion. He looked
completely fine the last time he checked too… Maybe a bit more distant or closed off… but
nothing major. Looks like Minato was wrong to assume that his student was fine.

“FIX IT, Minato!”

“But… you said… shouldn’t I stop meddling?” he winced.

“UNBELIEVABLE!” Kushina yelled again as she abruptly stood up and started pacing
around the kitchen. “IF you broke it, you have to fix it! Or so Kami help me, I will make your
life a living hell!”

The flames in her eyes left no room for doubt. She really would make hell on earth just for
him if Minato doesn’t remedy the situation.

“Yes, Kushina, I will… think of something,” he sighed, but honestly, he would have done it
even without Kushina’s asking. Minato, after all, cared deeply about Kakashi and his
happiness.

For the next few days, the young Hokage thought long and hard about what to do. First, he
decided to start slowly pulling Kakashi out of ANBU. He knew that if he asked the man
outright to quit shadow ranks, there would be trouble. A slow and steady transition felt like
the best course of action.

Next on the agenda was Ryoko. Minato still felt bad about deceiving her, so it felt only
reasonable to take responsibility for his actions. After another week of planning and thinking
the man finally summoned her for the dreaded conversation.

“Hokage-sama,” she bowed after appearing in his office. “You summoned me?”

“Ah, yes, Ryoko-chan, walk with me,” Minato smiled as he stood up from his seat. The two
walked out of his office, outside the Hokage tower, and down towards a small park with
blooming sakura trees.



The girl was silent. Not a single emotion showed on her stoic face. A pure embodiment of her
proud clan. A very strong and scary clan. Minato was not that kind of man, to deny that on
some level, the girl's power scared him. He probably learned that from having Kushina as his
wife… A woman's wrath is something he would not wish even for his enemies.

“Ryoko-chan, there is something I want to talk with you about.”

“Yes, Hokage-sama?” they stopped on a small bridge.

“I don’t know if Kakashi told you this already, but… It was me who sent you that pendant in
Kakashi’s name. Please take my sincere apologies for deceiving you both, he had nothing to
do with it,” he bowed his head before her.

“I see… Why are you telling me this, Hokage-sama?”

Minato straightened up and looked down into her calm face. So far, it went better than he
expected. “I don’t want you to be upset with Kakashi over it. This misunderstanding is
entirely my fault.”

“Hokage-sama, first, I am not upset with Hatake,” he winced at the use of the surname.
“Second, misunderstandings do not excuse one’s behavior or spoken words. He was very
adamant about his opinion over the subject.”

Minato wasn’t sure what she was talking about, but he guessed that Kakashi once again said
something stupid or insensitive. “I, as Minato Namikaze, not your Hokage, would like to ask
you, Ryoko-chan, to consider that in Kakashi’s situation words do not always mean what he
actually thinks. By now, you probably already noticed, that he is… well, for better words,
stupid when it comes to expressing his emotions. Please be reasonable, and don’t jump to
judgment.”

“What exactly are you asking of me, Minato-san?” she tilted her head slightly, arms carefully
crossed over her chest. Usually, that would be a rather defensive stance, but on her, it looked
like a show of strength and stubbornness.

“I ask you to give him a chance to explain. Just speak with him calmly and I am sure he will
manage to put his thoughts into words… eventually,” he smiled almost apologetically.

“I… will consider it,” she finally nodded. Maybe Ryoko was blunt and rough around the
edges, but he could always count on young Uchiha to be reasonable and smart about things.
She was intelligent enough to see different perspectives and that gave him hope.

“Thank you. That is all I could ask for,” Minato smiled sincerely. His heart felt lighter like he
just got rid of a big boulder by the name of guilt from his chest.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko spent the rest of May deep in thought. She tried to ignore it at first, but Minato‘s
words would always find their way back into her subconscious mind. The woman could



definitely agree about Kakashi being an idiot. That was almost like its own law of physics by
now.

But to think that his words would not reflect his emotions? That was an odd concept, yet not
a far-fetched one. They were shinobi. Most of the time, if not always, their emotions were
hidden, while their words and actions had the life of their own.

So maybe there was truth to what Minato implied. The only question was why? Why would
Kakashi say they were not friends if he didn’t mean it? Why would he say all the things he
did if he didn’t mean it? Was there another reason for him disrespecting her? People always
have their motives for the way they act. She was no exception.

To be fair, Ryoko herself approached Kakashi only because of her marriage predicament. She
also didn’t act nice and girly because of her own reasons. It would make sense that Kakashi
had reasons that made him act the way he did.

Maybe she really could hear him out… Just to prove to Minato that he was wrong. Or prove
to herself that she was right with her judgment of Kakashi…

Ryoko was suddenly brought back from her thoughts by a loud angry yell down the street.
There was some commotion going on between civilians. Like a dutiful shinobi and member
of Uchiha, she approached just in time to catch an angry fist that almost made contact with a
small child pushed to the ground.

“You’ll get it now you scum…!” the civilian she grabbed was yelling before she stopped his
hit. The man quickly cut his words short after he noticed her jonin vest.

“What’s the meaning of this?” Ryoko asked in her authoritative voice.

“Ahhh, sorry, shinobi-san! That piece of trash was stealing,” the man sent a glare towards the
kid.

“I WAS NOT!” the kid piped up, with teary eyes looking up. His face looked already bruised,
but he was showing brazen determination despite his position on the ground. The kid was
obviously not scared, even though the words might have hurt him.

“That’s not the way to speak with a child,” Ryoko said calmly. This probably was one of the
few traits she still had from her past life. Her former father's attitude towards children was
deeply ingrained in her soul.

“But he is a no-good…” the man stopped speaking after he noticed her ice-cold stare. There
was just a tiny bit of killing intent in it, but for a civilian, that was enough to freeze him in
place like a deer in headlights.

The child took this moment to run away. Ryoko tsk’ed her tongue and finally released the
man’s hand. “Don’t be rude again,” she warned him before chasing after the child. She might
as well check if he was okay or not. Maybe she could ask sensei to look after this one too…



In no time, she chased the boy down on top of the Hokage mountain. He somehow managed
to find a place on the Third Hokage’s head. Ryoko appeared beside him, leaning against the
wall of the cliff.

“You hurt, brat?” she asked.

“What is it to you?” he snapped back. Ryoko used her shinobi skills to give a gentle swat
over his head.

“I asked you a question, brat. Now you answer me or I will personally drag you to the
hospital.”

The little boy looked up at her with a clear mixture of emotions in his eyes. “I’m… fine…”
he whispered. “Why… why are you so kind to me?”

“Why wouldn’t I be?”

“Everyone…” he looked down at the buzzing village. “Everyone thinks that I am a spawn of
a monster. That… I am trash… they all hate me. BUT I WILL BECOME HOKAGE AND
PROVE ALL OF THEM WRONG!”

“Step in line, brat, because I’ll be the next Hokage,” she smirked. This kid was almost
amusing with how dedicated he looked. She could understand his goal of attaining the
ultimate status of respect to assert his dominance.

“You’ll… be the next Hokage?” his eyes became big and sparkly.

“You bet. I am Ryoko Uchiha and I will be the first Uchiha and first female Hokage.”

“Woooow! But… you’re so pretty…” he blinked as if that was a problem. Ha! He was still
such a naive child. “Oh, by the way, I am Konohamaru Sarutobi!”

Oh. That explains a lot. Ryoko didn’t show her surprise, but she could understand the
villager’s reaction now. Of course, they would treat the child poorly because of his relative’s
actions. Personally, she didn’t care too much about who Konohamaru was related to. It’s not
like he was responsible for Hiruzen.

“Hn. I’ll take you home,” she finally said after a nod of greeting. She picked the boy up by
the back of his shirt and leaped off the mountain. With little guidance from the child, she
shortly appeared before the shabby-looking Sarutobi compound.

A woman appeared from a building and ran up to them. Ryoko recognized her immediately.
Interesting...

“Taicho,” the woman bowed before her. Even without masks, many ANBU still referred to
each other by their statuses of captain and kohai even outside the ranks. “I am terribly sorry
that my son has inconvenienced you.”

“Hn. You should find him a sensei,” Ryoko said nonchalantly, dropping the kid on the
ground.



“Sensei???” the boy perked up with the same stars in his eyes.

“Yes. If you are serious about your goal, you should get one of the sannin to teach you,”
Ryoko said before giving a wink and disappearing in a swirl of flames.

━━━━━━━━━━

Yes, Ryoko agreed to give Kakashi a chance to explain himself but it didn’t mean that she
would actively hunt him down. Maybe part of her was still feeling petty, or maybe she just
didn’t want to face him yet… Either way, Ryoko let the month of May pass without doing
anything.

Early in the morning, a scuffle outside her window woke the woman up. She sprung out of
the bed, holding her kunai, and looked outside to find a dog and a cat tumbling on the grass.

“Huh, oy! Stop it!” she ordered both of them. Ryoko recognized her own summon, Raikiri,
the snow-white baby lynx cat. She summoned it a week ago to send a message. Clearly, the
cat just happened to return now. While the dog...

“Pakkun?” she blinked, staring at the little pug that still growled at her summon. The woman
was about to ask what he was doing here, but that is when she noticed a little box on the
ground next to him.

No way… So it was Kakashi who sent her sweets every day?... Was he crazy? What did this
mean?... Yes, he most definitely had to be crazy…

“Yo, boss lady, guess I am busted now. Please don’t tell boss you saw me.”

“Wait! So Kakashi told you to bring me these?” she said his name for the first time in a while
and it came naturally to Ryoko. Like riding a bicycle…

“Yeah… Honestly, it was a matter of time until boss fucked something up, so I was not too
surprised when he asked,” the pug shrugged. Carefully he picked up the box and jumped on
her window still to leave it there.

“But… it has been months since…” she looked wide-eyed at the box and then the dog. Why
did Kakashi go to these lengths instead of just speaking to her if he had something to say?

“Yeah… he is slow with these things..”

“What things?” she frowned. Ryoko didn’t like that she couldn’t understand his motives. This
was odd, but also strangely on point with what Kakashi would do.

“Talk to you later, boss lady!”

Ryoko didn’t get a chance to ask anything else as the dog poofed out of existence. Her lynx
left her message scroll and also vanished. She was left alone and confused with her little
treat.



Now, knowing who was behind it, Ryoko hesitated to eat the treat. She didn’t even look
inside the box yet. It really annoyed her that she didn’t understand what Kakashi was
thinking. His actions truly didn’t match his words. Nothing about him made any sense!

“What’s that?” Ibiki asked as he took place next to her in the small lunchroom of the T&I
department. Ryoko stopped by for her shift, but her mind was still distracted.

“Hn. It’s a dessert.”

Ibiki glanced from the box to her and back to the box. “If you don’t want it, I’ll eat it,” he
smirked playfully. Ryoko hurried to grab the box before he could even reach for it.

“Careful, Morino. You shouldn’t joke like that about my food,” she said casually, while her
fingers finally opened the little lid. Surprisingly enough, inside was your regular dango…
Her favorite dango.

“Hm. Considering the content… someone gave this to you… Who was it?” he asked, making
full use of his observation skills. It was pretty obvious. No one would buy dango for
themselves like this. Or be protective over it.

“That is none of your business,” she muttered, taking the skewer out. Ibiki was really starting
to annoy her with that possessiveness of his. Maybe it was only his shinobi paranoia showing
its ugly head? But it wasn’t like they were in a relationship or something…

On the other hand… maybe they were. Ryoko didn’t really recall them having a conversation
about being exclusive or anything. She only assumed that this was casual… Maybe that was
her first mistake. Assuming. She assumed a lot in Kakashi’s case too.

“By the looks of you, this very well is my business,” he grumbled.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 52: Idiots will be Idiots
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ryoko finally lost her patience and decided to address the issue head-on. It was June already
and it felt like not long ago the whole drama perspired, yet it has been over a year now. It was
time. She stopped by Kakashi’s apartment and knocked.

No answer.

Casually she opened the door to check in case the idiot was avoiding her, but inside she found
only a layer of dust. He was probably on a longer mission. This seemed like a divine
intervention giving a sign - the time is not now.

The woman didn’t know if she should be relieved or annoyed by it. Something in her urged to
settle the matter faster, but now Ryoko will just have to wait for Kakashi’s return.

Looking around the empty apartment she checked the fridge from habit… There was a box of
dango inside. “Don’t mind if I do…” she smirked already munching on the sweets. Young
Uchiha settled on the couch with one of his books in hand. It looked like a new issue of the
Icha Icha series.

The dango was finished before she flipped the last page of the book. She didn’t think too
much about the plot of the story as it was a mere distraction for her. One thing did surprise
her. Unlike other books from these series, the main heroine for once was portrayed as a
strong and capable character.

“Maybe the pervert was finally influenced by Tsunade,” she muttered, placing the book back
on the shelf. She didn’t have anything against Jiraiya per se. Only his loud and boisterous
character was what annoyed her the most. It reminded her far too much of that little blond
Naruto actually.

Finally, she left and thankfully didn’t run into Genma outside. Luck was on her side today.
And it continued to smile at her as Ryoko shortly after felt a pull to her ANBU tattoo. She is
being summoned! FUCKIN’ FINALLY! I was getting so bored.. Ryoko thought to herself as
she flickered to the HQ for her uniform.

With her mask in place, Ryoko appeared in the Hokage Tower kneeling on one knee.
“Hokage-sama!” she greeted the imposing blond, who looked uncharacteristically serious.

“Fox. This will be a high-ranking mission for your team. It is time-sensitive so I am counting
on you to complete it with utmost urgency in mind.”

Ryoko straightened up to take the scroll extended to her by Minato. “Yes, Hokage-sama.”



“Fox… This is a rescue mission. I know that it is not the type of mission your team usually
takes, but I cannot entrust it with anyone else but you.”

Her heart would have started to race from the praise and trust if she weren’t a cold-blooded
killer. Yet, when she opened the scroll her heart did miss a beat.

“A team was sent to investigate an underground mercenary group. Their last message
indicated the location of the hideout, but it also included a distress call. Two of the three
shinobi sent were captured. They need to be extracted ASAP!” Hokage’s voice betrayed just
how concerned the man was.

Anko… Genma… Kakashi… She read their names to herself. “Understood, Hokage-sama.”

“I don’t say this often, but… Fox. No discretion this time. Not a single enemy to be spared on
this mission.”

“Yes, Hokage-sama. You can count on me. I will bring them back,” Ryoko said sternly with
her resolve clear. She just got a green light to raise hell and boy did she have plenty of
reasons to do so. Three reasons to be exact. Three very important reasons…

“Also..” before Hokage continued a knock was heard on the door. Another masked shinobi
entered. “Just in time. Beatle, you’ll be joining team Shi for this mission. Fox is taking the
lead.”

The tall masked man nodded at Minato then at her with respect. By the unsettling buzzing of
his chakra and the name, it was clear to her that it was an Aburame. Perfect. She didn’t get a
chance to work with this clan before, but they sure seemed like someone Ryoko would get
along with just fine.

Not even ten minutes later, her team gathered and they were off. The trip took a while. It was
actually completely dark by the time they reached their destination.

“Beatle, please investigate,” she ordered the man as they hid between the trees observing a
very inconspicuous-looking building. There were civilian-looking people milling around
outside with a few shinobi standing on guard.

Aburame’s pets took the queue and dispersed. “Alright,” she turned to her team for the final
briefing. “Distress message was sent by Genma-san. He is probably hiding not too far away,
but he is injured. The two that were captured… I trust that neither will give out any
information even when tortured, but that does not mean that we will find them in the right
state of mind, so, be cautious.”

“Yes, captain,” four men in front of her nodded.

“Kill anyone and everyone in sight. No exceptions,” her words were cold and final. They
could not risk any person to survive and leak anything about Konoha’s elite shinobi.

“Yes, captain!”



The wait was excruciating, but it was inevitable. They had only one chance to do it and
mistakes were not acceptable. Finally, Beatle returned to them with a single insect perched on
his finger.

“What’s the matter?” she asked, sensing the uneasy circling of chakra in the man before her.

“The hideout is completely filled with poison in the air. Most of my insects died before they
could even get inside. Surprisingly, the people out there are not affected or immune to it,” he
reported. Of course. There had to be something like that if jonins like Kakashi were captured.

“Cobra, Lynx, find the source of it!”

“Yes, Taicho!” both men vanished. She could trust Lynx to use his big head and lack of
presence, while Cobra could deal with the poison itself. She didn't hope, the woman knew
they could do it.

“Have you found Shiranui-san?” she turned back to the Aburame.

“Yes, two hundred meters in the north. Follow me.”

They reached a cliff and Ryoko instantly noticed a genjutsu placed on the side of it. “Send
your pets first, Beatle. Let him know that it’s not the enemy,” Ryoko was using high levels of
caution as she approached this mission. From her bitter experience with Obito, you can never
know what you will find, when an enemy gets involved with your comrade.

After a minute Beatle nodded giving a green light for them to approach. Panda stayed
outside, while the two of them stepped inside the hidden cave. “Genma-san!” she called for
the man that was on the ground. His eye opened carefully. A smirk appeared on his chapped
lips.

“What a sight for my sore eyes,” he choked out.

“What happened? What powers does the enemy have?” she quickly asked while her hands
weaved signs for the medical diagnostic jutsu. That one at least she could do to assess the
situation.

“Poison. The one in the air around the base, the invisible one, it paralyzes intruders.”

“The invisible one… there are more?” Ryoko quickly asked as her face grew more serious by
the minute. At least it didn’t look like the man was injured. Or she just couldn’t tell with her
limited capabilities.

“Yeah… The blue one takes your chakra. The red one… it brings out illusions, but you
cannot dispel them like genjutsu… That’s what got us...” he coughed as Ryoko helped him sit
up. “Argh… I was in the back of formation… Hatake… he pushed me away just in time…
but he got caught instead… I had no choice but to call for backup…”

“Right. They are using kekkei genkai, aren’t they?” Ryoko deducted and Genma gave a nod
of confirmation. “Were you injured? I couldn’t find any traces.”



“No… but the blue mist… it did something to my chakra coils. I can feel the chakra, but I
cannot use it… like some Byakugan bullshit.”

“Understood. Beatle, can you inspect Shiranui-san with your insects?”

The masked man nodded as a swarm of his pets flew from the cloak towards not at all
enthusiastically looking Genma. Ryoko walked outside with a plan taking form in her head.
She trusted her team to have already figured out at least a part of it.

An hour later, Lynx and Cobra returned and she was not disappointed. Just like Ryoko
expected, the two figured out about the shinobi using a kekkei genkai. They even determined
which one was responsible for the invisible mist surrounding the base and managed to
capture the woman in question!

She laid bound and paralyzed by Ryoko’s feet. Ha. It felt like her kittens brought her a
present. And it was ironic, that the one responsible for the paralyzing mist now was paralyzed
herself. “Good job, prepare, we will be out in five,” Ryoko said to the men in masks as she
herself crouched next to the woman.

“Behave, scum. You are living on borrowed time,” her voice was cold as sharingan activated.
It didn’t take long for Ryoko to mess with the woman's brain enough to convince her that five
of them were new members of the gang.

It appeared that they used chakra seals to mark people that should be immune to the
paralyzing mist. The woman marked Ryoko and her team. “Genma-san,” Ryoko finally
turned to the man who at least could walk now. “Kill her when you hear the commotion start
in the base. Her mist should disappear when she dies, but we will use our factor of surprise as
long as we can.”

“Understood,” he smirked, taking out a kunai. The two were left in the shadows of the forest,
while Ryoko left to infiltrate the base and shed some blood. If not for the mask, others would
have seen her maniacal smile. Although, by now, at least her team probably already guessed
that Ryoko was brimming with excitement.

As Beatle’s insects were infused with his own chakra, it turned out that they were too now
immune to the invisible mist. In no time at all, they got a rough plan of the base. Very
obviously, the prisoners were kept in the basement rooms. How cliche Ryoko thought as she
sliced a throat of one unsuspecting shinobi in her way.

“Hatake is down there. Mitarashi is actually upstairs on the top floor,” Beatle whispered as
they stopped by the stairs.

“Alright. Beatle, Cobra, Panda, you go up. Lynx, with me,” just as her last word left the
woman's lips, the sound of a bell started ringing. A moment later, they all felt the seal placed
before vanish. “Let’s get this party started,” she nodded at the men and the two groups split
up.

Ryoko sprinted through the dungeon following Beatle’s insect. It was like a little tracker
saving them time and energy. As they went deeper, there were more and more enemies in



sight. They even faced one shinobi that used the red mist technique Genma mentioned.

Here is where the power of knowledge shined. Because they knew of the mist's effects,
Ryoko and her shadow easily evaded its effects and killed everyone in sight from a long
distance. Team Shi was an assassination squad for a reason. There was nothing they did better
than murder.

Finally, her eyes spotted the insect settling on a door in the distance. This was it. I swear! If
you’re not alive, I’m gonna mutilate your corpse, Kakashi! the woman growled in her mind
as the few last meters melted away.

She stopped by the door and took a breath. With Sharingan, she could clearly see three chakra
signatures inside. “Lynx, stay here, watch for anyone approaching,” Ryoko whispered. The
masked man nodded, turning his back to her, ready to guard this area.

With one kick Ryoko got the door open and off its hinges. At the same time, her palm flung
three senbon into the room. Thud. Thud. Thud. Silence. The targets were not so scary
anymore when their poisonous gas was not around.

She stepped inside towards her target. Her hand didn’t shiver as she extended it to check the
pulse of the man bound to a chair. We’re not too late… he’s alive… she thought to herself,
while the full extent of the situation before her trickled into her mind.

“First things first,” she whispered as her hand weaved a simple water jutsu. Lukewarm liquid
appeared from her palm and washed over unconscious-looking Kakashi. Now that old blood,
dirt, and vomit were gone, she could evaluate his condition.

It was bad.

There were some clear wounds on his arms and legs, but the worst one was in his torso.
There was still a knife impaled deeply into him with blood slowly trickling down from the
cut.

“TAICHO! We got Anko!” Panda ran towards their location. She straightened up.

“Don’t come in!” Ryoko ordered as she leaned in towards Kakashi. Her hand gently pulled
his mask back up to cover the lower part of his face.

“Yo,” she heard a low croak from him then.

“Bakashi… stay still, now,” Ryoko replied as her hands engulfed in green healing chakra
after the hand signs she made. It was just a diagnostic technique to check the extent of the
wound. The first and golden rule when impaled was to never pull the object out, after all.

Her face scrunched. It was worse than she expected. The knife was clearly twisted when it
was lodged in, slightly nicking the vein next to it. If she were to pull the knife out now… If
she were to move Kakashi now…

“...”



“Leave me. Just burn everything,” his voice rasped, clearly aware of the circumstances. But
Ryoko was having none of that! She pulled back and gave him a harsh slap to the face.

“TAICHO!” both Lynx and Panda rushed inside after hearing the commotion.

“Stand down. Hatake is clearly delusional if he thinks we’ll leave him behind,” she scoffed.

“Taicho…” Panda whispered as he too realized what position they were in.

“There’s nothing you can do for me now, Fox, so just…” another slap echoed in the small
room.

“Lynx! Stay on the lookout. Panda, I need you to keep Hatake steady for me. Hold down to
his shoulders,” she ordered.

Her young kohai approached slightly hesitantly. “Taicho… shouldn’t we take off his chakra
suppressing bounds?” he asked.

“No. It will be better this way for what I am about to do…” she said while staring at the knife
like it personally offended her clan. This will be tricky and Ryoko could not afford Kakashi
resisting with the instincts he has deeply ingrained in him.

“Taicho, if you pull it out then…”

“Yes, he can bleed out. I will have to cauterize the wound before he does,” she looked around
and pulled a belt from one of the fallen enemy's pants. “Panda, close your eyes,” she ordered.
Only then did she lower Kakashi’s mask back down. “This is gonna hurt like a bitch, so bite
on unless you want to lose that sharp tongue of yours in the process.”

Kakashi’s eyes were slightly dazed but clear enough to comprehend what she was asking for.
His mouth opened and the belt was now securely bitten down on. She placed her hand over
the knife handle and took a couple of deep breaths.

“Panda, hold him down. The pressure in veins is high, so we cannot afford him moving even
an inch,” Ryoko spoke while her other palm started to heat up. Slow wapper trickled from her
glove as the temperature rose.

Three fingers folded down, while two remained ready to replace the knife. Even with gloves,
her fingers looked like they were red superheated steel. This was a bastardized version of a
Katon jutsu.

One last breath and she pulled the knife out quickly replacing the blade with her fingers.
Kakashi squealed like a pig being marked. His body shook under Panda's iron grip. The air
was quickly filled with the smell of burned flesh.

Slowly she pulled her fingers out and now once more her hands glowed green to remedy the
situation even a tiny bit. There is no telling how effective this will be, but it has to last until
they reach Konoha…



Ryoko took the belt out and pulled Kakashi’s mask back in place. His skin looked pale and
beaded with cold sweat. “Oy, you still with us?” she tried to catch Kakashi’s eyes. Now she
noticed, that he had a contact lens over his Sharingan. Thank Kami, or that eye would have
been taken before anything else.

“Peachy,” he muttered vaguely, but hey, he was still alive! And the wound was no longer
bleeding, so she will take this as a win.

“Good. Panda, you can look now. Take off the restraints,” she ordered while still making eye
contact with Kakashi in case he decided to faint on her. “Kakashi, who did this to you?”

“Mmm… some… gorilla looking oaf…” he replied after a while.

Ryoko gave a nod and stood up. She brushed the remains of Kakashi’s dried blood from her
hand. “Let’s move out to rendezvous with others. It’s time to wipe this place out of
existence.”

Panda slung Kakashi’s arm over his shoulder and the four of them raced outside, where
distant sounds of fighting could still be heard. Their insect companion led the way directly to
the fighting.

“Report!” Ryoko yelled out as she landed beside Cobra. With one kick she sent an enemy
away from her kohai, while the other two got hit by Lynx.

“Taicho! Anko was taken by Beatle to safety with Genma,” looks like their plan was going
well. All that was left, was to kill everyone else.

“POISON MIST!” she heard Lynx yell out. Ryoko quickly turned around and spotted the
incoming black fog. It was moving far faster than your regular mist. They clearly won’t be
able to outrun it. And the black color of it was ominous to say the least.

“Stay close!!” Ryoko shouted as she sent chakra towards her eyes. The familiar feeling of her
head splitting in two appeared the moment her sharingan pattern changed into mangekyo.

Fuck… I really hate to use this… but… she cursed aloud while visible chakra leaked from her
engulfing the team and Kakashi. Just as the mist reached the group, they were completely
covered by what looked like a huge translucent set of ribs. Slowly muscle materialized and
then skin and…

“Kushinada jutsu,” Ryoko whispered to herself with contempt. Gods were truly misogynistic
in this world. Instead of a grand Susanoo, she got this… His wife Kushinada. That is one of
the reasons why she hated to ever use the technique. It was embarrassing. Despite the fact
that technically it had the same grand defensive abilities as Susanoo.

“Woooouw,” Panda awed as he looked around from the inside of the chakra monster she
summoned. It looked like a female goddess with ceremonial robes made out of chakra.

Finally, their enemy appeared as the mist split in two. He was a bulky hairy man with a wild
grin on his face. The darkness like steam came directly out of his hands. The man whistled



and laughed as he gazed upon her creation. The ultimate defense would not be penetrated by
such a measly thing as a mist.

“Taicho… what do we do?” Panda asked quickly as it looked like the mist was not going
anywhere. She sighed. As it always goes, to get rid of annoying things like this poison, you
have to get rid of its source first.

“Just stay here and be pretty, you three, I’ll take care of the trash.”

Ryoko extended her hands to the sides and her Kushinada mirrored the action. More chakra
seeped from her body to the side. It swirled and shifted until a huge scythe materialized as the
weapon of her Kushinada. The blade was perfectly curved with kanji ingrained in it.

‘Death to the fallen in the name of Susanoo’ is what it said. Very fitting.

It didn’t look like the enemy was stupid enough to approach. He clearly wanted to keep the
distance taking advantage of the poison's long-distance capabilities. Ryoko could see that he
was speaking something to them. Probably taunting them, but she was not that interested to
hear him. Fuck him.

The stupid gorilla forced her to use this degrading technique and if Ryoko was livid before,
now she was positively murderous. “Know your place,” she said coldly as her hand moved
with Kushinada's scythe.

One swish of the blade and it felt like the air itself was cut to shreds. The wave of the
aftershock washed over their surroundings splitting even the chakra mist into clear halves.
The smile on the man’s face froze. He choked on blood and slowly… the top part of his body
slid down. His other half of the body left standing for a minute longer before it too fell to the
ground.

Ryoko was not satisfied just yet. She started to weave her hand signs one after another in
record speed. “Homusubi jutsu!” a fire bullet slipped from her mask and there it was.
Explosions. Thunder.

Her trustworthy fire dragon emerged leaving destruction out of the former hideout. When the
last roar echoed over the sky, only rubble was left in front of them with human bones sticking
out of it all black and splintered.

Kushinada faded and they were engulfed with a blazing hot gust of wind. Ryoko exhaled
feeling as her anger finally got a proper outlet. She turned to the group of stunned men.
“Let’s go, we need to hurry,” she said dryly. Not for a second did she forget about Kakashi’s
state. That is one of the reasons why she decided to end the whole thing quickly.

At this point, their split-up team regrouped with Genma, Anko, and Beatle. Shiranui
thankfully already could travel on his own, while Anko was carried by Lynx. Ryoko looked
over their group considering the formation.

“Beatle, scout ahead with your pets. Cobra, Panda, you guard the back,” she ordered around
taking Kakashi from her worried underling. “I’m running low on chakra, so I need you to



have my back, kohai,” she explained while Kakashi didn’t even resist her manhandling him.

And they were off.

“A bit overkill, don’t you think?” Kakashi whispered as they jumped from one branch to the
other. It didn’t really matter if her actions were too much or not. Ryoko did what she had to
do. Her revenge on Konoha’s enemies had no bounds. Besides, she got permission from
Hokage himself, so how could she not go full out?

“Shut it, fatass,” she grumbled as the position Ryoko was in was not the most comfortable
one. Ryoko sighed, clutching the man’s waist tighter. His weight on her shoulder was nothing
compared to the pain she felt from mangekyo. Even now she kept the sharingan active just to
be able to run without stumbling. After about twenty minutes of travel, she finally gave up
and…

“Kami no… please, kill me now…” Kakashi whimpered as she picked him up bridal style.

“Shhh, my damsel, not so feisty now, are we?” she smirked under her mask and it almost felt
like they were back in time when the two could playfully make fun of each other like this.
But they weren’t. Ryoko knew that even after a mission like this nothing has changed
between them.

For now, the only thing that mattered was to get back home in one piece. To make sure that
everyone lives. To protect her people. There would be time to fix things if they are all alive...

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Ryoko's Kushinada aka female Susanoo ^^




Art Reference






Art Reference




Chapter 53: The Talk

Kakashi berated himself for all that happened because, of course, it had to be his carelessness
that brought him to the position he was in now - bound, tortured, and completely chakra
deprived. He, of course, did not give anything away but startled growl from a particularly
nasty jab of a knife.

When Ryoko showed up, Kakashi thought that it might be an illusion. Only when her
distinctive smell reached his nose, did the man attempt to take a strained look at her. It was
her. The Fox with bright red shining eyes stared right at him.

But it was too late. Or so he thought. The loss of blood did not go past his mind. Kakashi
fully understood the gravity of his injury, yet she… she did not give up on him.

He wasn’t worth it.

He wasn’t worth it, Kakashi thought once more as he felt her dangerous yet familiar chakra
cloak them protectively. From his dazed eyes, Ryoko looked like a goddess floating in the
core of her monstrous creation.

“Woooouw…” he heard her kohai mutter with awe. Yes, Kakashi could agree with that.
“Fuck… senpai is so hot…” he also heard Panda mutter to himself, yet Kakashi, being
carried by the masked man, heard his comment all too well.

He would have growled or shoved the young kohai if there had been even an ounce of
strength left in Kakashi’s body. As it stands now, the man could only observe, but he also
could not deny the statement.

Ryoko… as she demolished the former base, looked like a fierce ethereal creature out for
blood. She is hot… he absentmindedly agreed with a sigh. Not often does one get to see her
true destructive power. Thankfully, Kakashi’s sharingan eye was forever active and he saved
this sight in his memory.

“A bit overkill, don’t you think?” he muttered without a filter. Her hand grasped his waist
tighter and the feeling sent a jolt of electricity over his spine. Maybe Kakashi won’t make it
to Konoha after all.

And even if he complained over being carried home bridal still, internally, Kakashi relished
in the feeling of her body next to him. Kami… to be pressed to her chest like this…
Delusional and very much content, Kakashi rested his head on her shoulder. Maybe this all
was just a dream. Or maybe it was his wishful thinking that materialized Ryoko.

However it was, Kakashi finally passed out in her arms feeling safe. Ryoko… Ryoko…
Ryoko… Ryoko… was the last lucid words in his head before darkness consumed him.

━━━━━━━━━━



Ryoko pushed herself until both teams reached the village safely. Unfortunately, their work
does not end there. The first stop was at the hospital, where she unceremoniously dropped off
Kakashi into the tender care of Kabuto Yakushi. Then followed a short stop at T&I as per
protocol when comrades are captured by the enemy. The last - Hokage’s office.

“Mission complete, Hokage-sama,” she kneeled before him. Sharingan still active to keep her
motions looking normal. She heard the man let out a small relieved sigh as her report recalled
the events of the mission.

“Well done, Fox. Your team will get a mandatory break. Dismissed,” he said. Short and
sweet. One of the reasons why Ryoko could even tolerate the man. When Minato was serious,
he didn’t waste his breath on pointless banter.

Her team dispersed and this was her queue to finally rest. The woman changed quickly before
going home. Her bright red eyes were covered by the black fringe. It was rather impolite of
her to have them active out of action or training, but… Ryoko didn’t really have a choice at
the moment. Sharingan was the only thing helping her to come home on her own two feet.

Despite the chakra exhaustion, she still didn't regret her overkill actions. Even when Ryoko
passed out fully clothed on her bed, she still deemed her actions warranted...

The next day, or better yet, evening, Ryoko finally emerged from her room. She yawned
deeply and followed the warm smell of dinner into the dining room.

“ANE!” Sasuke perked up at her presence with a brilliant smile.

“Morning, Sasuke,” she patted the boy’s head as she walked past him to her seat.

“It’s evening,” he pouted.

“Hn.”

“Ne ne, sister, why did you sleep so long?”

“Used too much chakra on my last mission,” Ryoko indulged Sasuke’s questions for a while,
while Mikoto served them dinner. She barely missed the odd look Itachi and Fugaku gave
her. They probably wondered what in the world she had to do, to use up her enormous chakra
storages. Thank Kami for ANBU missions being classified.

That is when Ryoko made her biggest mistake. She casually reached out for her cup of water
and.. Oh… Her fingers brushed over it, knocking the cup over. Ryoko could swear she was
just as shocked as the others in the room to her unprecedented clumsiness. Clearly, she
reached for the thing and completely missed it.

A half-eaten bun dropped from Itachi’s hand as he quickly walked around the table to her
side. His hands were already glowing as he reached towards her temples.

“Brother, what are you…” Ryoko tried to swat him away but with no luck. His usually
flaming chakra felt cold as it seeped into her skull.



“For AMATERASU’S SAKE! Ryoko! Why didn’t you tell me your eyesight got this bad!”
he chastised.

“It’s fine,” Ryoko grumbled halfheartedly. It was a blatant lie that even she could not make
sound believable.

“You overused your sharingan,” Fugaku deduced coldly.

“It’s fine…” she whispered again with a sigh. Suddenly, Itachi’s chakra stopped and he was
now standing all tall and imposing. Ryoko almost forgot that he was all grown up and not her
little adorable brother anymore.

“No, it is not. We are going to the hospital right now. And I am putting you on sick leave,”
his tone reminded Ryoko of their father, but it still didn’t stop her from abruptly standing up
too with clear shock on her face.

“What?! No! You can’t!”

“Yes I can, and I will,” Itachi crossed arms over his chest in a very annoying manner either
intentionally or subconsciously mimicking her!

“Ryoko, listen to your brother,” Fugaku calmly added as he sipped his after-dinner tea. She
couldn’t understand if the man was pleased with Itachi’s behavior or just resigned from the
headache that Ryoko brought to his life.

Either way, Itachi proceeded to drag her outside. Ryoko didn’t understand why he was acting
this way. As if waiting till the morning would change anything. On the other hand, her
brother was smart enough to know that ANBU could be summoned at any given moment.

All the way to the hospital Itachi muttered under his breath while still holding her hand in an
iron grip. “Reckless… irresponsible… so stubborn… I swear… what good would a blind
Hokage be?...”

━━━━━━━━━━

“Ry… Rin?!” Kakashi blinked as he opened his eye to find the girl by his bedside. Distinctly,
not the one he had been dreaming off. Not the one he wanted to see.

“Ah! Kakashi-kun! You’re finally awake!” she smiled brightly and her hands were already
doing the basic medical diagnostics on him. Her voice was as shrill and sickly sweet as he
remembered.

“Ugh… how long was I out?” he grumbled sitting up on the hospital bed, despite Rin’s hands
trying to keep him down.

“Three days. You really need to rest… those damn ANBU left quite a scar on you… I wish
they would at least bother to learn some proper medical jutsu…” Rin rambled and something
about it irked Kakashi.



“Those ANBU brought me back alive, Rin,” he said coldly. Hell, he was one of the shadow
ranks. On some level, he was personally insulted by her remark. That of course was not the
whole truth if he were honest with himself… If.

“I know, I know. Sorry, Kakashi-kun… I just… I was worried about you,” her cheeks blushed
slightly as she averted her gaze.

“Hn,” was Kakashi’s only response while his hand finally found the irritating IV and plucked
it out. He hurried to shuffle off the bed to find his clothing.

“Kakashi-kun! Where are you going???!! You need to rest!” Rin was up right next to him.

“I… have things… to take care of,” he then said.

“But sensei… I mean, Hokage-sama said you need to rest!”

He turned around, placed both of his hands on the girl’s shoulders, and looked right into Rin’s
eyes. “I. Am. Fine.” If he were any wiser, Kakashi would have noticed how the girl melted
before him, but he didn’t.

There was something more important he needed to do. Or someone, to be precise. Just as the
man opened the window, Rin spoke to his back.

“Just so you know, she didn’t visit you even once…”

He paused and glanced over his shoulder. “Who?”

“Her. Ryoko-san…” there was something odd in the way Rin spoke. Something similar to
how Obito used to speak about him, actually. Yet, Kakashi was still confused, why Ryoko’s
name even came up. The questioning look probably reflected in his visible eye as his former
teammate continued.

“You know… you said her name in your sleep… but she doesn’t care! She never once came
to check on you! I don’t know why you are so obsessed with her! You are not together
anymore, so you should move on!.. I could… help you…” Rin was rambling again.

It was easy to ignore the now regular misconception of his relationship with Ryoko, but to
know that he actually spoke in his sleep… That… was concerning.

“Right..emm..” he cleared his throat. “Ryoko… she’s not a friend to me, so drop the
subject…” he said vaguely in hopes that this would make Rin back off for a while. Even
though his words suggested quite the opposite from what he actually was feeling. But Rin
didn’t have to know that, she could just assume whatever she wanted for all Kakashi cared.

The man easily vaulted from the window and onto the nearby rooftop. He really hated
hospitals. The smells there were the worst, reminding him of missions and fallen comrades.
Besides his feelings for the institution, today Kakashi had another incentive to leave quickly.

Ryoko. He didn’t know how long her break between missions would be, but he was sure that
he had to see her before the woman disappeared again from his sights. Not long ago he was



so determined to avoid her. To admire her from afar. To lament alone, in safe distance from
her bright existence.

Something about living through a near-death experience made the man change his mind.
Being locked up in the dark underground room, Kakashi obviously concentrated on his
survival. On keeping his composure and tolerating pain. But when the final knife was twisted
in his gut… That is when he realized that he might never see Ryoko again.

He would die there without even making amends with her.

He would die with regrets.

Yes, maybe she will never return his feelings or, kami forbid, even know about their
existence, but that doesn’t mean that Kakashi has to abandon the years of friendship. That’s
right. They could be friends again and everything will be fine, Kakashi told himself as he
neared the ANBU HQ.

Quickly he checked the mission roaster and saw Team Shi was still on break. Good. The next
stop would be her home, so that is where Kakashi leaped ignoring the light tingling in his
muscles. Being bedridden sucked for his physical state, another reason to hate hospitals.

Kakashi, far too casually, leaped over the Uchiha compound wall and stealthily darted
towards her home. Having a sharingan eye proved very beneficial in these cases when he had
an unstoppable urge to seek out his Uchiha… friends?... If not for the eye, he would be
blocked by the security seals that encased the territory.

It looked like the middle of the day, so Itachi was unlikely to be home. As well as Fugaku-
sama. Recalling the clan head, just for a second, Kakashi imagined how it would go if he… if
he asked for permission to… Urgently he shook his head to chase away the stray thought.

Friends. They will be friends. Nothing more.

Kakashi approached the familiar window with carefully suppressed chakra just in case. He
had known Mikoto-sama to be a sensor, but she always seemed nice to him… compared to
Itachi and Fugaku-sama… She probably wouldn’t be mad at him barging in like this…
Probably.

A few meters away Kakashi already could smell Ryoko’s scent. He also could see her calm
chakra signature in her room. Good. Hopefully, she wasn’t sleeping… He didn’t want to
wake her… Kakashi shivered, recalling that one particular mistake of his…

As the man glanced through her window, there she was… Gracefully sprawled on her
wooden floors… face down… Yup, that’s the one. An involuntary smirk stretched under his
mask, looking the woman over. Black long hair ended just above her round… supple…

Ah, there was movement. Kakashi quickly averted his gaze back to her head, which slightly
turned to his direction. It wasn’t necessary, but he still reached out and knocked on her
window. Stupid really. She clearly sensed his presence. If not that, she probably could see
him with sharingan. Or hell, even regular eyes as he was crouched behind a window.



Her arm slightly raised with a universal gesture of ‘come in’.

The man gulped as his hand slid the window to the side. Nerves decided to announce their
presence now. Friends. Friends… Easier said than done… What could he say after
everything?...

“Yo,” he landed on the wood without making a sound. The window was left open as a
potential escape route.

“...”

Right. She probably was still mad at him. “Can… we talk?” Kakashi hesitated but decided to
proceed with caution and respect. He sat on the floor a couple of meters away.

There was silence again. A long sigh and finally movement. Ryoko shifted to a sitting
position, straightening up her nicely curved back that he would not mind bending over again
and… FRIENDS, he reminded himself, when Ryoko finally turned around.

It felt like the blood in his body just up and left, leaving Kakashi frozen in place. His
uncovered eyes widened at the sight of a bandage covering Ryoko’s eyes. There was even a
seal on it. “What… are you… I mean, if I may ask, are you okay?” he stuttered. “I can leave
if…”

“Hn. I’m fine,” she shrugged like it was no big deal to have her eyes, sharingan eyes,
covered! Ryoko was clearly injured and Kakashi had this foreboding feeling that it had to be
connected to the rescue mission. His fault.

“You don’t look fine,” he blurted out, cursing internally just as his mouth closed again. Why
didn’t he have a filter next to Ryoko? Was it the years of being able to speak freely next to
her? Or was it his abysmal luck?

Ryoko leaned back, resting it on the edge of her bed. “Idiot… My brother just overreacted.”

Being cursed out by her was a thousand times better than her silence, so Kakashi happily
accepted it. At least it looked like Ryoko was inclined to listen. She is kind… he thought as
Obito’s words came up in his mind.

“What happened?” even if Kakashi could clearly see Itachi Uchiha overreacting over a small
thing to do with his dearest sister, the man still had to know what happened. Ah, that sweet
urge to self-pity needed some new material.

“I overused sharingan, so brother forced me on mandatory sick leave… and blocked chakra
to my eyes because he doesn’t trust me to rest…” she grumbled the last part. Ah. Yes.
Kakashi would do the same in Itachi’s stead.

“You’re the idiot,” he said automatically and mentally cursed again. KAMI. WHAT IS
WRONG WITH HIM? Why does his mouth have to do this? He came here to make amends
not piss the woman off even more.



“Kakashi, what do you want?” Ryoko’s voice was flat and devoid of any emotions. She tilted
her head as if glaring at him. He would have gulped if she didn’t look so… damn… Friends.
Friends. Friends. He wants to be friends.

“I’m sorry,” that’s it. He said it and the world didn’t explode. For some reason, Kakashi
exhaled relieved. Even if she wasn’t going to forgive him, at least he said it.

“For what?”

“Ah.. well…” Kakashi took a long-suffering breath. “I am sorry because I want to be…
friends again, but not only because of that. I… really did not intend to insult you…” he felt
himself ramble and that in itself was annoying. “You caught me off guard, okay? I
overreacted and well… I honestly thought you were joking, because that is what we always
do… did…” one hand rubbed down his face. Words were not easy to pick when she was
actually in the same room. So close yet so far.

“So why did you say you didn’t want to be friends anymore then? You are contradicting
yourself now,” she spoke calmly but it did nothing to soothe his rushing heart. Right. That.
He could not possibly admit that he… Kami… That he shivered from imagining being with
her… That he wanted to hug her and lay kisses on her pale skin… That he admired her...

“I didn’t mean that…” Kakashi’s voice was barely a whisper.

“What did you mean?”

“Ah, well…” honest. He had to be honest. That much he owed her. It was at least some way
to show the respect Ryoko valued so much. “Honestly… I don’t want to tell you that or to lie
and think of a reason that is not true. I… will tell you… someday. But not now. Can you
accept that?”

Even with eyes covered, it felt like Ryoko stared right into his soul. “Hn. That is acceptable.”
Kakashi sagged a little in his place. That’s it? He couldn't believe it was that easy…

“Are you still mad at me?” he asked not buying life being this easy.

“No… but I’d like to be! Your words were not just mean! They were cruel...”

“...”

“You were right of course, but it still hurt,” and just like that she shrugged, anger completely
gone from her voice. “It was my mistake too to assume things about you while ignoring our
pre-established dynamic.”

“Okay…” Kakashi was at a loss for words. “Although I was not really that right about you to
be fair…” he mumbled remembering Ibiki’s smirk. Everything felt like one big
misunderstanding. An emotional burst without any sense or logic.

“Hn. Actually, I think the one at fault the most here is Minato. He misled us both.”



“Hn,” Kakashi could only full-heartedly agree with that statement. If not for his sensei
playing the matchmaker, they wouldn't be in this mess… He wouldn’t want to kiss Ryoko
right now…

“Ne ne, Kakashi, I have an idea,” her lips curved into a very familiar dangerous smirk. It
gave a certain edge to her already sharp face… She looked like a predator. Kami… he could
barely stand staying in the same room with her now. The animalistic part in him wanted to
pounce and claim the alpha female.

“Ooh? I’m listening,” he said instead of running away, while his mouth felt dry. At least she
couldn’t see his hungry eyes right now. At least she couldn’t see how Kakashi looked her
over. This was once in a lifetime opportunity, before he had to become only a friend in her
eyes.

His sharingan eye savored the moment. After today, Ryoko will only see his mask. The
perfect image of a friend. No matter how bitter the thought was, at least he could share her
company once more… That will have to be enough.

━━━━━━━━━━

Fugaku observed his fuming son and wasn’t that a sight to behold? Itachi never showed even
an ounce of irritation. On the contrary, he would become frighteningly nice and polite, when
provoked.

Even more surprising was to realize that he was the target of Itachi’s anger. At least that is
what he gathered from the glares coming his way. Interesting. Had he upset his son in any
way? Clearly, yes, but why? Had he neglected him? Had the elders voiced something
unsavory? There were too many possibilities as things stood now.

Considering his eldest's birthday coming up, Fugaku decided to take care of any issues
without waiting for Itachi to voice them. After dinner, he called the boy to his study. Ah, this
room has seen many private conversations over the years. If only the walls could talk…

“Itachi, is there something bothering you?” he asked point-blank after they took a seat in
front of each other on the tatami floors. The temperature dropped a few degrees as he looked
into the deep dark eyes of his son. So cold.

“Why. Why do you allow Ryoko to remain in ANBU?”

Ah. Fugaku didn’t look away. Emotions carefully concealed. “Hn. It is for the benefit of the
clan.” He watched as Itachi’s hands curled into fists.

“It’s not good for her. How can you allow this?”

It stung. Indeed… how could he allow this to go on for so many years? “As I said. It is for
the clan, Itachi.” They had this conversation once before when Itachi was far younger. At
least this time, his boy managed to control the anger better. The anger now was cold, far more
dangerous. Like a blade sharpened to cut with deadly precision.



“Father… don’t you care about her at all? Ryoko is part of the clan!”

Fugaku’s eyes narrowed. “Know your place, Itachi. You are not the clan head yet.”

His boy stood up abruptly, eyes full of determination. “Well, then I will become one. After
my birthday in a week. And if you don’t care about Ryoko, I will bring her back from the
shadows myself!”

“I see…” the older man hummed. He wanted to give Itachi more time, but… Retirement
sounded divine… And Ryoko… His precious princess… How much she had already suffered
in the shadows? Taking the burden all on her own shoulders.

“I will fight you if I have…”

Fugaku raised his hand to silence the boy. Itachi took a breath and sat back down. “You won’t
have to. I will start making preparations, then.”

Itachi’s gaze was calculating. Such a smart son he had. Maybe it was time… Well, if he’s
taking over, the boy should know… “Father, why? I don’t understand your actions,” Itachi
said despite probably already having quite a few theories in his big head.

Fugaku sighed. “Son, do you know why Ryoko joined ANBU?”

“Because you ordered so,” Itachi replied the answer that he himself provided all those years
back. Fugaku slowly shook his head.

“No. Your sister went behind my back and volunteered to the Hokage before I could stop
her.”

“Why would she…” indeed, a very good question. Sometimes it was hard to say what
Ryoko's motives are for the things she does. Not in this case, however.

“Because of you, Itachi.”

The boy blinked clearly surprised. “Me? Why?”

“The council demanded I show an example by sending my own child to the Shadow Ranks.
That part you already know,” and Itachi nodded in confirmation. “Yet, it was supposed to be
you. The council expected you to be nominated. Ryoko found out about it and...“ Fugaku
trailed off.

“But... why would she do that?”

There was a sad smile on Fugaku’s face. He knew very well that if the roles were reversed,
Itachi would have done exactly the same as Ryoko did. His precious children were hopelessly
caring like that. “Itachi, she loves you. Your sister would do anything to help you, to make
sure you are not burdened more as you already have very little say about your future. This is
actually exactly what she said to me. And she made me swear to never tell you about this,
but…”



“Ryoko,” the boy whispered.

“But. This has lasted long enough. Itachi, bring your sister back to the light. You will have
that power as the clan head, so use it wisely.”

“Yes, father,” Itachi bowed and the last traces of anger melted away from his features.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 54: The Wind of Change

Sure, Ryoko was surprised by Kakashi’s sudden visit. Maybe he did have some balls after all
to face her. Either way, she would have approached him herself as that was a promise she
made to Minato. Listen. Understand. Look underneath the underneath. Easy things even
Ryoko could do, despite her pre-established opinion of Kakashi.

The man actually apologized to her! Maybe for the first time since they knew each other. And
it was just too easy to shift the blame on someone else after that. They were the same after
all, her and Kakashi. They were easygoing like that when they managed to speak words
without lunging into a battle with each other.

This reminded her of that first time when she was mad at Kakashi for saving her. That time
too, they easily agreed that in fact he did not save her, but only followed a mission and all
was fine again. Her pride remained intact only because of Kakashi's understanding.

Of course, she was still curious as to why the man contradicted himself. But Ryoko could
give him time to come to terms with whatever reasons he had. It now was abundantly clear
that making conversation with Kakashi required time and patience.

Honestly, she actually believed that he did not intend to insult her. If he did, he would not be
here now. Maybe the man joked around a lot, but he was usually honest with his words in a
serious conversation like this one.

So they continued to talk for a bit more, devising their revenge on Minato. They decided to
publicly still remain as ‘enemies’ to further put a wrench in the blond's scheme. He will know
better than to try manipulating two geniuses.

“Emm, Ryoko?” Kakashi asked after a comfortable silence settled in her room.

“Hn?”

“Is that… a human skull in your room?”

She grinned, turning her head slightly to the shelf where she knew the former elder's head
was placed. “Yes, it is. The former elder Tanaka dared to disrespect me and my family,”
Ryoko heard Kakashi gulp. She didn’t mention that this was only a clan-specific tradition,
letting him believe that he very much could have joined her collection.

After a while, the man left Ryoko in her dark bedroom. She was starting to feel the
impending doom of boredom again. Hah, Kakashi was lucky to catch her in a position like
this one. Otherwise, she might not have listened to what he had to say. Now, even the
company of the annoying idiot was acceptable. Better than being alone, unable to train, or
read.

Absent-mindedly, Ryoko’s hands practiced seals just to have something to do. In the evening
her family all had dinner together as usual and she continued to ignore Itachi to show her



anger at least somehow, as her glaring ability was taken away. And the woman was back in
her room.

“Ryoko?” father knocked on her door before entering. She was seated on the ground in a
meditative pose practicing her sensing. Might as well, because even sensei kept pestering
Ryoko to improve in this area. She found it boring and distracting, Kami only knows how
people use it in an actual fight. But now, here she was, focusing the chakra in her to have a
fuzzy sense of living creatures around her. Better than being completely blind…

“Yes, father?” she relaxed and tilted her head to where she knew his face would be.

“Would you like me to read you a book, Ryoko?”

A smile instantly bloomed on her face. Father was the best. Truly. She nodded and took his
extended hand to be pulled up. He guided Ryoko into their living room because even if she
sensed living things, the inanimate objects would still make her trip. The woman felt a gentle
breeze coming from the outside through the open sliding doors. It reminded her how Fugaku
would read to her when she was just a child.

Still, with a smile, she settled on soft tatami floors. Father sat right next to her and placed a
book on her lap. “Guess which one it is. I know you have already read every book in this
compound.”

Ryoko carefully brushed her fingers over the leather-bound spine… Considering the ridges…
The weight… The size… Her smile grew wider. “Madara-sama’s memoirs!” Ryoko
answered. How could she not recognize her favorite book?

Father nodded next to her, she wondered if he was smiling too?

“Ryoko.”

“Hn?”

“Don’t be upset with your brother. You know he means well and you did overuse your eyes,”
this sounded like a scolding. It felt like it too. Ryoko almost considered that maybe Itachi
made her mind regress to complete childhood as she felt the same as her younger self being
lectured by father like this. The woman sighed.

“I know… it’s just… He doesn’t even trust me to follow his instructions…”

This time Ryoko felt Fugaku raise his eyebrow with a deadpan look sent her way. She pouted.
“Fine… His actions are warrantied based on my historical actions in similar situations with
Itachi…” she had to admit it despite the small little denial in her mind still believing that she
could have stopped using her eyes for a week without a seal. If she wanted to. Probably.
But... Even Ryoko deep down knew that she probably would have failed to follow Itachi’s
restrictions if she had a choice in the matter…

Father started to read, with the book placed on the floor in front of him, while Ryoko’s head
rested in his lap. Big calloused hands stroked her hair just like when she was a child. At some



point, Itachi joined them, like he always did.

It probably was a bizarre scene for anyone who could actually observe the Uchiha’s now.
Two grown adults, trained killers, skilled shinobi, just laid there on the ground, being petted
by their father like some tamed kittens.

“Aww, you all are so adorable!” she heard mother's voice from the doorway.

“Noone will ever believe you if you tell them,” Fugaku snickered as his hand lifted to flip a
page. Then it returned to stroke Itachi’s hair. Indeed, Ryoko agreed with the statement. Of
course, it wasn’t as bad now as before.

Years ago, father would only hug them at home where no one could see it. Then, as time went
by, things happened, and Fugaku was not so cold in public either. Father still mostly shoved
affection at home, yet he didn’t actively hide his warm smiles or occasional hugs outside of
the clan anymore. Ryoko was fine either way. As long as father was happy that’s all that
mattered.

━━━━━━━━━━

The next day was turning out to be just as boring as the last. Ryoko meditated without having
anything else better to do when she felt a chakra signature enter her sensory range. Two times
in two days? Did she forget about Kakashi being obsessive and overbearing or is this
something new, she wondered just as the knock came to her window.

The woman nodded and she heard the window open. “Yo,” he uttered the painfully familiar
greeting with ease.

“What do you want, Bakashi? I am still out of commission,” Ryoko shifted to ease from her
meditative pose into something more comfortable. The woman was pretty sure that Kakashi
wanted to spar again and she was not against it. Training with him usually allowed her to
release some steam too. Thinking about it, Ryoko was getting even a bit excited to get her
sight back in the prospect of getting to beat Kakashi's ass.

“No shit,” he deadpanned while settling on the floor in front of her. Ryoko heard something
being placed on the hardwood. She leaned closer. Maybe her nose was not as sharp as a dog's,
but she clearly smelled vanilla essence. Her head tilted up.

“I mean… I am not against this, but… why? Why do you keep bringing me sweets?”

“...because you like sweets,” she heard the telltale sound of clothing ruffling as Kakashi
shrugged in response to her question. That's fair, yet mildly odd. On the other hand, Ryoko
recalled that Kakashi always had sweets in his place despite not liking them! So maybe this
wasn't so odd?

She hummed, extending her hand into the darkness. Her fingers brushed over the wood until
they reached what felt like a carton box. No matter the circumstances food should never be
wasted especially when it was free. That is what Ryoko strongly believed in.



Kakashi sighed and she felt the box be taken away from her gentle touch. A bit more sounds
then… His hand took hers, palm up. “Here…” the man mumbled after placing the sweet in
her possession. Ryoko couldn’t tell what it was just yet, but it sure was round.

“Hn,” the woman responded in thanks, with a smile threatening to tug on her lips. Maybe the
prospect of something sweet in her mouth just seconds away, was what allowed her to miss
how Kakashi’s hand lingered before pulling away.

“So.. mmm… do you want to spar?” he asked while she peacefully munched.

“Hmm… Only if you cover both of your eyes too,” Ryoko answered after thinking about it.
Even without sight or jutsu, she could still kick ass.

“Oh… I thought we’d do it later, but… actually... sparring with such a handicap could be
interesting,” Kakashi thought aloud and Ryoko agreed. In reality, neither trusted anyone else
to spar with in such a vulnerable way.

After sweets were devoured, once more Kakashi took her hand to lead the woman outside
through the window. This was one hell of a trust exercise for Ryoko. She didn’t think that he
would purposefully let her fall, but with Kakashi, you just never know.

And his hand… It was almost sweaty next to hers. Was he concerned about something? It
was hard to tell even on a good day with Kakashi hiding behind a mask. Now it was
practically impossible to say, so Ryoko didn’t comment and allowed to be guided away from
the Uchiha compound.

They stopped by a river. With having no sight in a fight, they agreed for the first time to have
the surface of the water as their perimeter as it was far easier to tell the bounds by feeling
alone. Plus, no roots sticking out just to trip the blindfolded Uchiha hime.

“Okay, I am ready,” Kakashi said after tying his headband over both of his eyes. Ryoko
stepped closer as she had her doubts. Her hands reached to cup his face and check for herself.

“Oh, don’t be a baby,” she snarled at how the man tensed under her touch. Carefully, she
found his jaw covered with the familiar fabric. Ryoko’s fingers brushed up until she felt the
tiny bit of skin under them. Then another fabric with clearly a metal plate in the middle.

The woman was thorough as she checked for obvious signs of the headband leaving space for
Kakashi to peek. She didn’t find any. As far as Ryoko could tell, he really did cover both of
his eyes. “Good, let’s start then,” she said, pulling away a few steps on the calmly rustling
surface of the river.

...

That night, Ryoko slept like a baby. Her muscles were pleasantly tingling from the exertion.
She wasn’t even bothered that her hair was still wet from falling into the cold stream. After
the small training fight, Kakashi took her back home and left without saying much else. He
probably was also eager to change from wet clothing, just like her.



It felt nice to be on speaking terms with Kakashi again. Ryoko didn’t forget what happened
between them, but she also noticed the difference between his presence and absence. She
would take what happened as a learning experience to never bare herself that way again. To
never assume things about others. And… value the many years of friendship. Their bond
lasted this long for a reason.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Do you want me to read you something?”

“Sure, why the fuck not,” Ryoko shrugged as she reclined on Kakashi’s sofa. Day four of her
torment was closing to mid-day. Just a little bit more and she’ll be free! Meanwhile, Kakashi
rummaged around before settling close by on the floor.

Maybe he was feeling guilty because his rescue was the last mission pushing Ryoko over the
edge with her eyes, but it worked out well for her. He was always good like that for
entertainment. The woman could never complain about free snacks and being read to.

This also felt rather nostalgic - being in Kakashi’s apartment that is. Ryoko couldn’t tell if
anything changed, but knowing the man, probably nothing. She was also sure that
compulsive order in his home was a sign of some psychological issues with control, but hey,
she was not here to judge. So Ryoko nudged his shoulder with her foot instead.

“I didn’t know you had any other books besides the Icha Icha series,” she smirked after
hearing him read aloud the first few sentences of what sounded like a historical Endo Era
book.

Kakashi grabbed her ankle and tugged it down, almost dragging Ryoko smoothly off the
couch. Almost. “Oof,” she sighed from mild surprise and amusement. But before she could
send another snarky remark, Kakashi tugged her ankle again and this time, Ryoko did plop
face first on the ground next to him.

“Behave,” he snickered.

“Idiot.”

Ryoko shifted back to a sitting position next to him. Her hands itched to mess the guy up a bit
for this, but she also wanted to hear what will happen next in the story. Ah, decisions,
decisions. She settled for a harsher bump with her shoulder to his.

━━━━━━━━━━

When the week of torture came to an end, Ryoko finally understood the reasoning behind
Itachi's actions. Her sly intelligent brother extended her leave for a full week so that Ryoko
would be in the village for his birthday (as if she would have missed it!). His action, despite
being overbearing, warmed her heart.

Surprises didn't end there. On the eve of the big day, Fugaku cleared his throat to get his
family's attention. "Tomorrow, I will officially announce Itachi as the new head of the clan,"



he said as a matter of fact and continued eating. Ryoko glanced at her brother. Of course! He
would have not used such measures on her if it was only for his birthday... The woman
wondered just how long these men had been planning it.

"DARLING! Oh My!" Mikoto jumped up to hug Itachi.

"Congratulations, brother," Ryoko nodded his way, while Sasuke just carefully observed them
in silence. Her statement, despite sounding flat, was full of support. All their lives everything
was leading to this. Ryoko was sure that her brother will lead Uchiha to the future. A
direction which their father had already started nudging the elders. With minor help from
Ryoko...

"Oh my! And you kept this from me???!! Oh! I must call on Izumi at once!" Mikoto finally
pulled away from Itachi. Her glare was directed at father.

"Izumi? What for?" her brother tilted his head as his sharp eyes followed mother.

"You're marriage of course! You cannot be announced as the new clan head without a
matriarch to lead with," the smile on her face was wide and sharp. She clearly planned for
exactly this situation.

"Big brother is getting married?" Sasuke tilted his adorable head to the side.

"Wait, mother! No, I..." Itachi looked between their parents with the lightest shade of pink
coloring his cheeks. Fugaku's calmness did not reassure him, nor did Mikoto's mischievous
smile.

"Brother, mother is correct. It is tradition for the new clan head to be inaugurated along with
his wife," Ryoko smiled at him and did not even protest when Mikoto dragged her together to
go to Izumi's home. It will be a long night. Secretly, Ryoko was curious to observe what
wedding traditions Uchiha had. Her own big day was months away. And no, her victim was
not chosen yet.

"Mikoto-sama!? Ryoko-hime!? What brings you so late?" Izumi opened the door with
surprise.

"Congratulations, Izumi-san. My dear Itachi is taking over the clan tomorrow after his
birthday ceremony. He will need your support," Mikoto spoke without pause as she barged
inside. Izumi just blinked a few times before letting out a gasp of realization.

Ryoko listened in silence as the women rushed around. Izumi's mother provided a ceremonial
kimono, which was coincidentally already embroidered, prepared, and ready. Mikoto took
over selecting jewelry for Izumi and looking at the poor girl all over as if evaluating a new
purchase.

“You’ll do just fine,” Mikoto smiled and smiled and only Ryoko didn’t get shivers down her
back from that expression. Izumi gulped before nodding.

━━━━━━━━━━



The morning came all too quickly to the Uchiha compound. With the first light the news had
already circled around and even outside to other clans - Fugaku Uchiha is stepping down and
Itachi Uchiha is taking over as the head of the clan.

Conveniently, other clan head families were already invited to the birthday celebrations as if
it were planned like this all along.

Ryoko yawned, one hand covering her mouth as she stood with Izumi in the young woman’s
room. She didn’t talk much with her brother's mate, her presence here was mostly a formality.
Although, there was one thing she wanted to say to her new sister-in-law…

“Izumi-san.”

“Y-yes, Ryoko-hime?” the girl flinched looking away from her own reflection in the mirror to
look back at Ryoko. She stepped closer to Izumi without so much as blinking.

“I am glad my brother has found happiness with you, Izumi-san.”

“Hahah? Really? I couldn’t tell,” the poor thing laughed nervously.

“But.”

“But?”

“If,” Ryoko stepped closer. “You ever. Break. Itachi’s heart, I will make your life a living
hell,” this was a serious threat. Ryoko wasn’t bothered about speaking this way with a girl.
She would never hesitate to protect Itachi, no matter from whom.

“Ha-hai!” Izumi gulped with a stutter but didn’t cower away. Good. At least the girl looked
determined enough to stand on her own, even if she was too gentle for Ryoko’s taste.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 55: End of an Era
Chapter Notes

I know this is not Kakashi, but if you squint... It really reminds me of the last chapter
and the moment Ryoko shared with him ^^




Art Reference

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Kakashi was now pretty convinced that he was indeed a masochist. It should be easy to leave
Ryoko alone after talking with the woman, but… It wasn’t. Just walking down the street of a
waking village, every sweets shop reminded him of her. And the next moment he was already
climbing through her window with an offering.

He should have left. He really should have, but… After touching Ryoko’s hand he selfishly
wanted more contact with her. And that is how Kakashi agreed to a spar. A full blindfold was
unnerving. Yet not as unsettling as Ryoko cupping his cheeks.

Kakashi stilled and tried not to lean into her palm. She was so warm… He would have loved
to look at her face from this close. Alas.

A few hours later, the man wished for the blindfold to be back on both of his eyes. Kami.
How could he keep himself composed when Ryoko was soaked, with the fabric of her
clothing sticking to her curves like that? And if Kakashi recalled that image in the safety of
his home, nobody could blame him.

Then, on a whim, he brought the girl back home. Might as well use the opportunity to stare at
her while he still could. It was rather odd to feel how bothered his body got, from Ryoko
simply laying there on his couch. Hmm… I wouldn’t mind being on the couch now too… he
thought to himself. While he also thanked the gods that Ryoko could not see or smell his
arousal.

Kakashi still naively believed that they could stay friends… despite everything his body and
mind wanted to do with the Uchiha hime. Over the week, his pillow had become a substitute
for Ryoko, as he tried imagining cuddling her instead.

Finally, the week of self-indulgence came to an end. Kakashi put a figurative mask on his
face, as he left towards the Uchiha compound. Being the official Hatake clan head, he was
forced to attend the big event.

The news was shocking and completely expected at the same time. From his personal
experience, the man knew very well that Itachi would be inaugurated soon. Although, that is
not who Kakashi’s eyes hunted for in the crowd.



Here she is. His heart skipped a beat. The air felt as if it stood still around him. Ryoko was
beautiful in her festive kimono. So elegant. So regal. So… unattainable. Watching the
ceremony, Kakashi couldn’t stop thinking about the day in the near future, where he would
have to witness Ryoko's wedding. It left a bitter feeling in his aching heart.

━━━━━━━━━━

By the end of the festivities, Ryoko felt drained. Yes, she could stay up for days if it was for a
mission, but this…? Socializing? Being polite? It depleted her energy levels like nothing else.
While Itachi with Izumi by his side said their goodbyes to the esteemed guests, Ryoko found
a calm place next to her father.

“What will happen with the Police Force?” she asked Fugaku.

“Itachi has no interest in it, so I will continue to lead it until someone else comes along,” he
mused while his eyes trailed to Sasuke bickering with the Hokage’s brat. Ryoko was
pleasantly surprised that their father accepted Itachi’s decision so easily.

“Hn.”

“By the way, Ryoko,” he said calmly, yet Ryoko had a bad feeling in the back of her mind.

“Hn?” she inquired hesitantly.

“Me and your mother will go on holidays for a few weeks. I will need you to look after
Sasuke during that time.”

Ryoko’s head snapped at Fugaku quickly, eyes wide. “Father! I cannot stop going on
missions for two more weeks,” she hissed at the man. One week at home was already
torture! But two more weeks? She was certain that her mental state would not be able to
handle it.

“Oh, do not worry, I already arranged it with Hokage-sama,” he smiled sweetly, but rather
ominously.

Ryoko gasped, unable to say that she hated Fugaku, even if he went behind her back like this.
The woman grunted in frustration as her head looked up at the sky in search of the god that
despised her existence.

Father was clearly amused by her pain, so Ryoko decided to leave his company and instead
spend her time with a bowl of dango that she grabbed from the feast table. She stepped out of
the compound, a scowl ever present on her face.

“Oi! Wait up!” she yelled towards Kakashi’s figure in the distance. He stopped and glanced
back hesitantly over his broad shoulder. Ryoko could only guess that he was just as tired of
socializing as her.

“Yo,” he muttered timidly after Ryoko was close enough.



She didn’t say anything and grabbed his hand, so Kakashi couldn’t escape so easily. “I am so
pissed!” she grunted while dragging the poor man away with her into a nearby park. The
bowl of dango was securely clutched in her other hand.

“I didn’t do anything…” Kakashi trailed off quietly.

“Not about you, Bakashi,” she scoffed. That seemed to make her friend relax a bit, as she felt
his hand grasp hers more comfortably from the tense position it was in before. Until now they
successfully kept the image of being at odds with each other (to Minato’s great
disappointment). But Ryoko was too frustrated to be bothered if anyone did see them together
now.

“Soo?” Kakashi raised his eyebrow as the two settled on the grass by a small pond.

“I think they are plotting against me,” Ryoko huffed looking ahead. Her brain was working
overtime to unravel possible motives behind father's actions.

“They?” she could feel Kakashi smirking and naturally, the man got a lite punch to his
shoulder for the doubt.

“Yes. My father, Itachi, the Hokage. They. I don’t know what they are thinking. Yet. But they
are definitely planning something,” Ryoko thought aloud, grabbing a dango after a word or
two.

“Hmm. What makes you think that?” Kakashi asked seriously. She could tell that he put an
effort to not make the same mistake again - dismissing her honest inquiry as a joke.

“Father and mother are leaving to have a few week's holiday. And that is completely fine. I
get it. Father probably wants to test Itachi, leaving him completely alone, like a kitten
dropped in a pond. Either he will sink or swim in the clan business. On the other hand, father
and mother likely just want to have some time to fuck in peace, without family or clan
bothering them,” she heard Kakashi choke a bit but ignored it. Ryoko was fired up to spill her
mind out. It was just too easy to speak it with Kakashi.

“What does bother me, is that father arranged for me to be off missions for another two
weeks so I would babysit Sasuke! I mean, seriously?? Why not hire a chunin? Or hell! Itachi
and Izumi could very well do that! So why ME?!” Ryoko let out a sigh of frustration and
shoved a few more dango in her mouth.

Kakashi sat quietly by her side for a while until he finally spoke. “Hmm. Actually, I think
you are right. Now that I think about it… I believe Minato-sensei is indeed planning
something,” Ryoko whipped her head to stare at the copy-nin with narrowed eyes. It didn’t
look like he was making a joke.

“Why?” she asked, still mildly suspicious.

“Well, now that you mentioned it, I have noticed that sensei has been reducing my missions
too. Thankfully, I am not in a position like you, where missions could be cut off
completely… So yeah…”



Ryoko sighed deeply as she turned away to look straight ahead. Their Hokage turned out to
be quite the strategist. She could only imagine that sooner or later, his plot will be revealed.
She hoped… “Kakashi...”

“Hn?”

“If… well, let’s not fall for his shit again, okay? If… anything odd happens, let's just talk
about it to avoid any confusion?” Ryoko thought it important to voice some guidance rules
for Kakashi. Kami knows that if she didn’t suggest it, the man probably would not speak up
about anything odd, even if he felt it. It wasn’t that her opinion of Kakashi and his social
skills was that bad. More like… better safe than sorry.

One thing Ryoko was adamant to never repeat again - making assumptions, losing her cool,
breaking down… No, she would not allow herself to be hurt again.

“Hn. Okay... Ryoko?”

“Hn?”

“Next time (I hope there is none, he mumbled under his breath), tell me if you are serious,
but I am misunderstanding it as a joke.”

“Haha, sure. I’ll tell you alright,” Ryoko snickered, hiding her smile with one hand like
Orochimaru usually does. Maybe she did pick up from the man more than just training…
Thinking of sensei… “Hm… Maybe I’ll just leave Sasuke with Orochimaru-sensei.”

“Yeah, Minato-sensei will never agree with that after the whole Hyuga incident,” Kakashi
snickered as well. Just like that the sour mood over her head was lifted into something lite.
Ryoko’s tension eased away and she could finally enjoy the night.

Fine. She will stay with Sasuke and watch over him. For two weeks she will not complain.
She will do what is asked of her. And she will wait for everything to unfold. And if during
that time Sasuke will learn a thing or two about katanas, well… They will not make the same
mistake again - leaving her mission deprived as some housekeeper.

It was almost as if they wanted Ryoko to be at home… to care for a child… as if… she
violently choked on her dango as the thoughts clicked in place. Kami, was this some sick test
to ease her into the mindset of a wife? There were only 2-3 months left until her birthday, so
it was likely…

“You are such a glutton,” Kakashi remarked as he patted her on the back to help with the
choking. Yeah, glutton… it was definitely the dango that made her choke… She paled as her
mind continued to race with possibilities.

Of course, the sudden holiday her parents decided to venture on could have nothing to do
with Ryoko’s impending doom… It could also be unrelated to Minato’s scheming… It could
very well be only a reason for Ryoko to stay close to Itachi and support him… But…



The woman was getting this odd feeling in her guts that everything was not that simple. Yet,
which plot was the right one? Who was behind this?

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko returned home late. She used Kakashi to distract herself from the thoughts in her head
and it helped. She was far more rational as she stepped over the threshold. To Ryoko’s
surprise, she found Itachi standing idly by the open screen door to the garden, with a cup of
steaming tea.

“Brother, shouldn’t you be with Izumi-san, right now?”

The man hummed, but his face, looking into the night sky, was calm and relaxed. “I was.
Just… taking a break to admire the life that we have here.” Ryoko ignored the fact that Itachi
had to take a break in his ‘post marital activities’ because of Izumi’s stamina, she guessed.
Itachi fucking some girl senseless was not the image she wanted to have in her mind.

Yet, it was something she will have to get used to. They will be living under the same roof
after all. As the new clan head, Itachi is bound to reside in this house. He was given the left
wing of their estate, while Ryoko, Sasuke, and their parents stayed in the same right wing as
before.

Some clans could find it odd for the whole family to live together, maybe except Hyuga, who
also shared the same traditions in their main branch. But this was the true nature of Uchiha -
a family bond so strong that even if they could, they didn’t want to part from each other.

Although… Ryoko might not be here for much longer. Few more months and she would
depart to the family who will take her as a wife. The woman wasn’t distraught about it much.
It only pained her to think that she would no longer share the meals with her dear family…
That was the way of Uchiha women. To devote themselves to one man for the rest of their
lives…

“What are you thinking about, sister?” Itachi asked, glancing at her.

“About the future… about your face, when I show you my newest technique! Even you won’t
be able to copy it,” Ryoko smirked, arms crossed over her chest in a sign of domination.

“Oh?” he raised an eyebrow, but the woman spotted a twinkle in his eyes. Itachi could get
curious very easily when she challenged him so boldly.

“Come, dear brother. This will be my present to you,” Ryoko passed him with a teasing smirk
as she walked to the middle of the garden. Itachi left his tea inside and followed her.
“Activate your sharingan, I will show it to you only once,” Ryoko warned as they stood in
front of each other illuminated by the twinkling stars.

Itachi did as he was told and more so. He didn’t only activate his sharingan, but mangekyo as
well! Ryoko smiled pleased with him taking this seriously. Her eyes shifted into the crimson
shade with tomoe leisurely spinning around. Ryoko actually didn’t even need sharingan for



the technique she developed with Orochimaru-sensei. It was activated only to save this event
into her memory palace forever.

“Sister, show me what you’ve got,” he smiled gently. Proud.

Ryoko moved her hands slowly, stretching her fingers once before starting with the seals.
Itachi’s eyes widened instantly. Her left hand was doing half seals for a simple genjutsu
(simple for an Uchiha that is), while her right hand was doing separate hand signs for a katon
jutsu! Two jutsus at the same time!

“Impossible…” she heard Itachi mutter just as the final seal was made and fire burst out of
her parted lips. Itachi turned around just in time to grab Ryoko’s wrist with a kunai placed by
his neck millimeters away. If he were an enemy, he would have been dead by now.

“Well done, big brother. I had no doubt you would see through that simple genjutsu. But this
was only for show. The possibilities of combining two jutsu…. They're endless!” Indeed, the
katon was actually a tiny fireball this time, grossly enhanced by the simple genjutsu, which
provided her an opening to attack the target from behind.

“Koko… you are incredible,” Itachi whispered with awe as he released her wrist and
engulfed the woman in a hug.

Ryoko was lost for words as she relished in his warmth. So she said nothing and just hugged
Itachi back. She was truly and honestly happy for her brother. And she would do anything to
keep him like this. Unburdened. She will be his sword of justice. She will take his burdens
away one by one.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Why do you torture me like that??” Kakashi whined into his pillow after a short sleepless
night. It was one thing to avoid Ryoko in public, but when they were alone… Each time his
resolve wavered from her closeness.

He sighed once more, hugging the ‘Ryoko substitute’ pillow, as he named it in his mind,
tighter. Then a knock echoed over his empty apartment. With hope for a mission summon,
Kakashi hurried to open the door.

“Rin?” the man said in a small greeting.

“Ah… Ka-kakashi-kun, I didn’t wake you, did I?” the girl blushed, averting her eyes from his
half-naked figure. Mask of course was hiding his face as usual, but besides it and the sleeping
pants, he was bare.

“No. What is it?” he pushed unbothered by her usual timidness. This was just Rin in a
nutshell. You would think that she would already get used to his presence after years of
missions and even healing him on multiple occasions. Alas. “So?” he curved an eyebrow as
she struggled with words.



“Amm… right. Kakashi-kun, would you like to have breakfast with me?” she finally looked
up. The man could only guess that she wanted to speak in private about something. Why else
would she turn to him?

So he nodded with little reluctance. “Sure. Give me a minute to change,” he closed the door,
leaving Rin to wait outside while he put on his usual jonin uniform.

The two of them walked slowly through the village. Kakashi waited in silence for the girl to
speak up. Rin tested his patience and only uttered her question when they finally settled in
one of the restaurants.

“So, you were at the celebrations in the Uchiha compound yesterday?” Out of all the things
that is what she asked? Sure, the event was exclusive for the clan heads and their respected
families, but surely Rin could have asked Minato-sensei if she wanted to attend that much.

“Yeah. What of it?” was his reply.

“So, Itachi-sama is the new clan head, huh?”

“Hn.”

“Right…”

For a moment there Kakashi wondered if this girl had hidden feelings for the Uchiha heir
after working with him in the hospital. That would not surprise him. However, her next
question did spark some curiosity. “So.. mmmm... Kakashi-kun, while there… did you speak
with her?”

Her? Ryoko? Is that what she was worried about? Still? That Ryoko didn’t visit him in the
hospital? Kakashi tilted his head slightly thinking over the motives behind her question. “No.
Why would I?”

Technically he wasn’t lying. Ryoko approached him after the celebrations. And he spoke with
her himself before that day. Either way, he felt it was important to keep up with the scheme
the two of them concocted, to spite Minato-sensei. Maybe that’s who put up Rin to this line
of questioning!

Rin smiled up at him and shook her head. “No, nothing. Just wondering…”

He shrugged and the rest of their meal was spent with a superficial conversation to fill in the
silence.

━━━━━━━━━━

It has been a week since father and mother left and Ryoko already wanted to kill herself from
boredom. “Again!” she ordered Sasuke, as he pulled himself up from the Uchiha training
grounds floor, sword slightly shaking in his tired hands.

“Ane… can we… have… a… break?” the boy panted. Sweat was glimmering on his
forehead, but this was nothing compared to Fugaku’s training she had being his age!



“There are no breaks in a battle, little brother. How do you expect to wield a real sword one
day?” that day being a few weeks away after his birthday, but Sasuke didn’t know that yet.
Ryoko smirked seeing the fire in the young boy's eyes ignite from her words.

“Yes, ane,” he gave one last nod before starting his attack. The boy was good for his age,
considering he hasn’t even awakened his sharingan yet. Ryoko sidestepped around his
practice sword and gently pushed it away with her own.

“Mind your steps, Sasuke! Feel the rhythm! Try breaking your opponent's rhythm!” she
guided him as their training spar continued late into the evening. By the end of it, she had to
bring Sasuke back home on her back. The boy was completely out from exhaustion, but he
did well.

━━━━━━━━━━

Compressing her focus on Sasuke turned out to be a good way for Ryoko to distract herself.
She hated staying at home, but at the same time, it was a blessing to spend time like this with
her little brother. She might have neglected him the last few years with all the ANBU work.
Yet Sasuke never complained. Only now did Ryoko notice how excited the boy was to train
with her, despite his lack of stamina.

And so the two weeks were almost done. Itachi had no trouble filling in his new role as the
clan head. He was prepared for exactly this from birth, after all. Ryoko attended all the
meetings with elders, making sure to glare at anyone who dared to show even the slightest bit
of disrespect to Itachi. That shut them up quickly. Her lesson would never be forgotten.
Good.

Today Ryoko allowed Sasuke to stay the night at sensei’s home, so she was free the whole
day. Her troubling thoughts returned, making her wander around the village aimlessly. The
woman knew that with the return of their parents, Faguku will turn his focus fully on her, just
like she did with Sasuke.

For Ryoko that meant dealing with her future. The marriage she was required to have as the
hime of the Uchiha clan. And that also meant… The woman sighed, stopping in front of the
T&I building.

She has to tie loose ends.

“Come in,” Ibiki said after she knocked on his door. It has been a while since they last saw
each other, but Ryoko didn’t even feel like she thought about him once during that whole
time. The man looked exactly the same as usual, seated behind his desk, with a playful smirk
on his lips. Strangely, the smile didn’t reach his eyes.

“Ibiki,” she greeted with a grin of her own.

━━━━━━━━━━

He missed her. The sight of Ryoko in his office brought back all kinds of memories they
shared here. Yet, he had a pretty good idea why she was here. Why she was here now. Why



she was absent for so long.

It was inevitable. No matter how passionate their little flings got, they never crossed one
threshold. Honestly, Ibiki thought that Ryoko might be traumatized by her encounter with the
Raikage when she was so young. That is one of the reasons why he never pushed Ryoko to
do anything more.

“Let’s get this over with, shall we?” he sighed resting back in his chair. Despite knowing
Ryoko and her reasons, despite knowing what was about to come, because it was his job to
know, Ibiki couldn’t help but still feel hurt from the words she said next.

“It was fun, while it lasted,” Ryoko smiled as she took a seat in front of his desk. “I will
officially stop my work at T&I too.”

“That’s fair,” Ibiki gave a nod. This was what he already expected to hear. Why else would a
shinobi of her caliber stay here if not for the discretion job provided? “I’d rather adjust to
your absence than be continuously frustrated by your presence.”

“Hn.”

Ah, it was always so easy with Ryoko. No drama. No strings. No trouble. She was perfection
in all senses of the word. “What are you going to do now?” he curiously asked if just to
change the sore topic into something liter.

“Hmm. Well, I will have to marry after my birthday in September, but nothing much besides
that,” the woman gave him a nonchalant shrug like she was talking about her plans for dinner.

“I see,” Ibiki gave a sharp exhale and forced a smile that melted into something genuine after
a moment. “Well, if that doesn’t work out, just remember, that there is at least one man who
is dying to fuck you at any time.”

“Hahahaha!” her melodic laughter filled the room. There was no hard feeling between them.
Ibiki tried his shot and this was what it was. An inevitable end of an era, where he still had a
chance with Ryoko. “Take care, Ibiki,” she winked one last time before turning away to
leave.

“You, too, foxie.”

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Hello dear readers! I hope you all are doing swell! Your author is having amazing time
with this awesome eye infection ;_; Reading is pain. Let us all pray for Jashin to have
mercy on me ^^






Chapter 56: The New Order

Itachi woke up with the first rays of sunshine today. Parents would be returning in the
evening and there was one last thing he wanted to take care of before facing Fugaku. He
exhaled deeply as if mentally steeling his nerves for the day. The man turned his face to the
side where his wife was still fast asleep.

A soft smile played on his lips, as he brushed a loose strand of hair behind her ear. Itachi felt
like everything was working out for once. Clan business was mostly paperwork and a
challenge for his patience. Having Ryoko by his side in all the meetings helped greatly. Her
presence alone was enough to push the elders into submission. He was so grateful to have
her. And it didn’t bother Itachi that his little sister had to play this role. He was purely filled
with gratitude.

Even if pulling strings to have Ryoko out of missions was what he had to do, in the end - it
was worth it. But Itachi wasn’t done yet. By far. He had many plans to be set in motion.

After a lite workout with Sasuke and breakfast, Itachi left for his audience with Hokage-
sama. On his way to the tower, many people, civilian and shinobi, said their greetings with
polite bows. It was nice to see them smile at him. For Itachi, it was a big contrast compared
with the bullying he received in the early years of his life as the heir. Sure, this all could be a
front, but to his trained gaze, it looked genuine.

This meant progress for the whole Uchiha clan.

“Enter!” Minato’s cheery voice called from the other side of the big double doors.

“Hokage-sama,” Itachi inclined his head with respect at the man, just like his father used to
do. Even if deep down he wanted to show more respect, Itachi had to act as the clan head he
was.

“So, Itachi-san, what did you want to discuss?” Minato smiled brightly as he motioned to the
chair in front of his desk. Young Uchiha took the offered seat, knowing that this might take a
while.

Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Exhale. “I would like to discuss the future of the shinobi Uchiha
Ryoko,” he stated with a clear indication, that today he, Itachi, was here not as her brother,
but as the clan head of the Uchiha.

“I see…” Hokage hummed while his face was deceptively calm and void of any other
emotions. “I am to assume that you have a suggestion, nay, a request in mind?”

“Yes, Hokage-sama. Are you aware of her future goal?” Itachi answered with a question. The
answer to it will tell the man if Minato is keeping Ryoko in ANBU on purpose or not… That
would be a dealbreaker.

Minato blinked a few times, surprised. “Oh. No, I am not. What is her goal?”



“I ask you, Hokage-sama, to not take this lightly. Ryoko-hime has been planning for this goal
even before she became Orochimaru-sama’s pupil. And her goal is to be the next Hokage of
the Village Hidden in the Leaves.”

If it were anyone else, they might miss how quickly the information was received and
processed by Minato. To Itachi, it was visible in the man's blue eyes. They flashed with
knowing glint. “Ooohhh… I see. In that case… Her current position…”

“Yes, it does not hold prospects for her desired future. As the Head of the Uchiha clan, it is
my duty and responsibility to encourage and enable my people so they can reach their goals.”

The smile on Minato’s face was almost ‘fatherly proud’TM kind of smile. “I am very happy
to hear that, Itachi-sama. I can see the will of fire burning bright in you and your family. With
that being said. What do you have in mind?”

“I believe that Ryoko would be a great assistant for you, Hokage-sama. This way she could
learn a lot of what it takes to be a Hokage. Besides, of course, doing regular jonin missions.”

He might as well have spelled it out. Ryoko needs public exposure, for everyone to
acknowledge her skills. Sure, local shinobi more or less were all aware of her genius, but that
is never enough. And the side perk of her no longer working for the shadows was just a small
bonus for Itachi’s mental stability.

“Hmm… were it anyone else, I might have doubts based on age alone, but considering her
skills and intelligence, I can see Ryoko as a good candidate. Alright. Your request is
accepted, Itachi-sama. I will discuss it with the council.”

“Thank you, Hokage-sama.”

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko was never as happy to see her parents as yesterday. They looked rested and completely
relaxed, but most importantly - they were back! Sasuke was no longer in her charge. No
matter how much she loved her little brother, Ryoko was itching to snap a neck or two.

Early the next day, the woman finally walked ANBU HQ corridors with purpose. Her mask
was in place, hiding Ryoko’s face and leaving only her untamed long hair as an identifier. Her
chest plate and arm plates were securely tied completing the standard shadow rank agent
look. Ah, the long gloves she didn’t realize she missed felt nostalgic…

A flair of chakra instantly responded to Ryoko’s silent ‘knock’ with her own chakra. She
carefully entered the room, while the doors closed behind her without making a single sound.
“Commander!” she greeted the ANBU leader with a bow of her head, the white captain's
cloak fluttering behind her like a representation of her excitement.

“Fox,” the man gave a curt nod in response. “I presume you would like a mission?” it felt like
he raised an eyebrow in a mocking way behind his own mask.



“Yes, sir!” Ryoko’s hands slightly trembled by her sides. It was really hard to contain herself
after such a long period of doing nothing. But she was a professional. Even if the
commander could see right through her without much effort. That will not stop her from
jumping back into action…

Her leader clearly expected this request and already had a scroll prepared for her. Ryoko
would have hugged the man if she had even a hair less of self-control. The existence of the
urge itself was easily ignored in favor of gathering her dear team again.

For a whole day, young Uchiha hime relished training with her boys. They looked excited
too. Even Lynx. They didn’t even complain when she forced them to spar after already
working out for the first half of the day. Ryoko’s reasoning was that they needed to get in
sync again, but honestly, she just wanted to move her rusty bones.

Team Shi left for their mission the next day. They worked like a well-oiled machine.
Smoothly finding the familiar rhythm. Needless to say, their task was completed without
issues or delays. They returned to Konoha three days after leaving. Ryoko herself felt
rejuvenated like she was back on her metaphorical saddle. It was good to smell the blood of
her enemies once more…

“Mission completed,” she gave the scroll back to the commander as her team kneeled before
the masked man.

“Good work, Team Shi, as expected. You are dismissed. Fox, stay,” commander motioned for
a chair in front of his desk. With mild alert ringing bells in her head, Ryoko took the offered
seat.

“...”

“Fox. Take off your mask.”

She obliged. Part of her wondered if maybe she would get to see the commander's face for
the first time, but instead, he reached out a hand to take the mask from her. Reluctantly, but
nonetheless obediently, she gave it up. Confusion hidden from her face, but not her thoughts.

“How long have you been in ANBU, Ryoko?” the man asked after placing the mask carefully
on his desk.

“About seven years,” she answered. It has been a while. Time passes quickly when you’re
busy doing what you enjoy.

“And how long have you been a captain of your team?”

“Five years, sir.”

“That is quite long in our area of work,” he hummed lacing gloved fingers in front of him.

“Hn.”

“You’ve done well, I have to say.”



This did not sound good at all for Ryoko! It felt like she was being dumped in a gentle way,
so the woman refrained from commenting. If the commander had something to say, she won’t
make it easier for him with dumb questions like ‘what is going on?’, ‘why?’ or ‘what are you
talking about?’ She didn’t have to ask. She wasn’t ignorant or stupid. She could put two and
two together and that made her jaw clench with irritation.

“Due to the respect I have for you, I decided to give you this courtesy, even if it is not official
yet,” he said, while his eyes kept unwavering contact with hers.

“Hn,” Ryoko muttered with a slow nod.

The commander let a tiny sigh out before continuing. “By the end of the week, you will be
officially retired from the ANBU active duty. Hokage’s order.”

“I see…” she somehow managed to say, while her ever-active brain processes the
information. Looks like her senses were right on the money this time just like always.
Something was happening behind the scenes. And Minato-bastard-san was behind it!
Naturally, a frown settled on her face.

Then ANBU commander stood up from his seat, walked around the table, and looked down
at her. Too bad that because of his mask, Ryoko couldn’t read the man’s expression. She
could only guess what could be going on in his mind. From the way he spoke, the
commander was not too pleased about this development either…

“I am glad that you survived this long, Ryoko-chan. No, not survived. You truly thrived and
owned your duties. This makes me very proud to have been your commander,” his hand
reached out and patted Ryoko’s head like she was a child again. The woman blinked, taken
by surprise. Sure, she could instantly read the motive behind his movements, but it still
stunned her into silence.

She cleared her throat and gave a weak nod. “Of course, Commander-sama.”

The man did not stop with surprises there. He crouched in front of her seated form and rested
his hands on her knees. “Ryoko, do you remember your ANBU evaluation part in T&I?”

“Yes,” how could she ever forget the first time she was faced with such a realistic experience
of seeing her brother injured? It inspired her for many years to strive for excellence. Nothing
less would cut it when you have to protect your family.

“I remembered, that I have never apologized for it,” he whispered, bowing his head slightly.

“Sir?” Ryoko titled her own head to the side in a questioning manner. Why would he
apologize? It was a brilliant tactic. Something she definitely needed to see. Madara-sama
witnessed his own brother's death and it is said that it was the last straw that broke the
powerful man. Naturally, Ryoko wanted to be ready for such an outcome herself (not that she
would let it happen in the first place). But it was likely, having not one, but two brothers to
start with.



“I overstepped. You were too young for that and I do apologize for being inconsiderate. My
only solace is that I have not broken you completely with my careless action.”

Kami, the commander was acting rather weird. Was it because they were no longer comrades
in the shadows? Or was it that the apology was more to soothe his own guilt? Well, if saying
it out loud made the man feel better, Ryoko was not too bothered. Having nothing better to
say and knowing that argumentation from her side will not be accepted, the woman gave a
nod. “Apology accepted, Commander-kun.”

To make her point, she reached out and patted his head in a similar manner as he did hers.
She may or may not be teasing the poor man, but mimicking his actions was easier than
thinking of another proper way to respond herself. He chuckled, lifting his head up.

“Cheeky, brat,” he finally stood up with one last shake of his head in mock disapproval. “I
don’t want to see you in the HQ again. Make sure to clean your locker.”

“Understood. Sir?”

“Yes?”

“Will I be provided with the reason for the change in my position?” logically, if he could say,
the man would have mentioned it in the first place. So, considering that, the commander was
even giving her heads up despite obviously not having the full permission to do so and it was
no small thing.

“Yes. Hokage-sama will summon you by the end of the week to provide you with all the
necessary information.”

“Understood. Thank you, Commander-sama. It was a pleasure working with you,” Ryoko
bowed once more before leaving. She didn’t ask what would happen with her team. It was
not much of a concern for her. They will be assigned a new captain and that is that.

A slither of hope did manage to manifest in Ryoko’s heart. Maybe, just maybe, she will be
given an important mission. Something significant for a shinobi of her caliber… The girl
could only hope.

━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi felt like he was making some progress. At least now he could spend almost a full
hour with Ryoko without his thoughts derailing to Jiraiya-sama worthy levels of perversion.
Those sixty minutes were a lifeline connecting the man with his shaky resolve of friendship.
Another option would be to stay away from her entirely… but… no, Kakashi was too far
gone to stay away completely. Having to wait for Ryoko to return from her longer missions
was torture enough...

He was also cleared for active duty. Even if it mostly consisted of Hokage guard duty, it was
still better than nothing. Staying alert helped to keep his mind clear. Twelve hours of not
speaking and thinking nothing was bliss. Almost like meditation after which, he could see
Ryoko that much easier.



Speak of the devil. He spotted the woman casually sitting on the railing of his window still.
Temptation made Kakashi’s hand twitch, as the man imagined tugging her down by that
delicate ankle right into his arms…

“Yo,” he waved after shunshining to stand beside her, with feet securely glued to the wall
with chakra. He just finished another shift with Minato-sama, so talking with Ryoko directly
sounded safe enough. Part of him was surprised that Uchiha didn’t break into his apartment
like she usually did. Something about finding Ryoko waiting for him to return home felt
horribly tempting...

“Hn,” was the warm greeting he received. His traitorous heart fluttered in pleasure. “I need a
favor.”

“Maaa, you’re lucky I’m free now,” Kakashi smirked, one hand brushing the back of his neck
innocently.

Ryoko turned to look him straight in the eye with a completely deadpan expression. “I wasn’t
going to pay you. That would make you a prostitute.”

He blinked once. Twice. Third time. Kami, she always used his words against him, but even
so… Her way of joking was very much welcome to the man starving for her attention. So
Kakashi laughed, not offended at all. “Even your Uchiha fortune would not cover my
extensive fees,” he winked.

As Ryoko turned away, he spotted the corner of her lips tugging upwards. To see her smile
was heavenly uplifting. To see her wait for him was warming. To see her so close was bliss.
“So, what do you want, Ko-Ko?”

“Just try to keep up, Bakashi!” there again the woman flashed him a smile and leaped away.
He would follow Ryoko to the depths of hell if she asked to. Today, however, she brought
him into a weapons store. The first thought in his tainted mind was Kinky… Kakashi quickly
shook his head and watched as she talked with the owner.

The weapons merchant returned in a few minutes with a parcel. “Here, take a look, what do
you think?” Ryoko asked, unwrapping the item. He stepped closer and found that it was a
katana.

“Nee, Ryoko, why didn’t you ask your sensei about this? He’s quite the kenjutsu master,”
Kakashi asked curiously, while his hands turned the weapon around, sensed the center of
mass, and checked the sharpness of the blade. It was a very nice weapon. Expertly crafted.
Well balanced.

“Idiot. If I asked Orochimaru-sensei, he would have gotten some outrageous sword and I
need something simple for starters.”

“Ah, are you switching from your ridiculous scythe into something more.. AUCH!” he
should have expected it, but still was surprised by the lightning-quick jab Ryoko sent towards
his liver. Pain brought by her hand was yet another guilty pleasure of Kakashi’s… As long as
they made any kind of contact he would be content with it…



“It’s for my little brother. I am never discarding my scythe, thank you very much,” she
hmpf'ed with the most adorable scowl he had ever seen. Ah, was Ryoko always like this, or
he just didn’t notice it before? She was… cute. Deadly, but cute.

“Hmm, in that case… Yeah, it’s a good pick for Sasuke,” Kakashi gave a nod returning the
blade back to Ryoko. She trusts my opinion… the man thought while she took care of the bill.
This… was nice.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Come in!” Minato chirped happily after Ryoko was close enough to his office door. She
finally got the summon to see the Hokage and it was… exciting! No matter how long she had
known the man, the woman still struggled to read him when it came to serious Konoha
business. You simply could never tell with sensors like Minato, who masterfully camouflage
their chakra when needed. Annoying.

“Hokage-same,” she nodded after stopping in front of his desk. Ryoko felt the familiar
ANBU signatures scattered around the office. They were too lazy if you would ask her. Too
relaxed, because they trusted Minato’s strength and speed. Lazy bunch… she thought to
herself.

“So,” the blond inhaled, a smile never fading from his face. “A request was made to change
your occupation. It was discussed with the council and a decision was made.”

Ryoko hid her surprise as she stood without moving an inch, arms crossed under her chest as
usual. Defiant eyes tried to gather any indication as to what was this about. She could not
connect the dots just yet and Ryoko refused to ask dumb questions. “Hn,” was her response.

Minato unraveled a scroll and placed the parchment towards her. “A request for you to be the
Hokage’s official assistant was approved. Now, if you accept, you only need to si…” before
the man even finished his sentence Ryoko already grabbed a brush and carved her name on
the paper.

One second. One second was enough for his words to register in her mind. It flashed in
Ryoko’s brain like a domino piece being pushed. The woman knew exactly what it means to
be the leader’s assistant. Basically, second in command... Basically… apprentice. This was
what Ryoko considered herself for years as she planned her road to becoming a Hokage. Her
eyes sparkled as she straightened up again to look at the man.

“Che che… mmm.. Right. Okay… So I take it, you accept?” Minato laughed awkwardly.

“Yes, Hokage-sama,” there was determination oozing from her, like some freshly baked
genin who just got his first mission. Something about that look on her face sent shivers down
ANBU and Hokage’s necks.

He swallowed thickly before speaking again. “You will shadow Shikaku-sama for a few
weeks as he will show you around. The man was unofficially taking this duty for some time
now,” Minato explained. The well-timed pun about the Nara clan head did not escape her, but



Ryoko showed no reaction. Endurance was her inner mantra. If she could handle the
nightmare that Naruto was, how bad could his father be when talking about cringy jokes?

“Understood, Hokage-sama. It will be my pleasure working with you,” she smirked, head
tilted to the side a bit. Just your picture-perfect political expression, worthy of Uchiha hime.
Lightning thundered somewhere outside. Everyone in the office shivered once more, but for
very different reasons.

Ryoko was feeling unadulterated excitement, that for once clouded her surgical perception.
Unbeknownst to her, Minato shivered from surprise as he did not expect the girl to show such
deep commitment. Itachi clearly played down just how much Ryoko wanted this. Somewhere
in the shadows of the office, Hound shivered from the horrific realization, that he would
spend every day near Ryoko. Next to him, Panda shivered at the prospect of being in the
same room as his worshiped senpai. While Cobra shivered sensing the foreboding feeling that
he usually got before Ryoko started her inhumane level of training.

Officially, the book of life in the shadow ranks was closed and a new tome has been started.
She was a step closer to her ultimate goal. Kami, take mercy on those who will dare to stand
in her way...

━━━━━━━━━━

The Uchiha household was lively. With everyone at home, seated by the same table for
dinner, Itachi could not hold back a small smile that stretched his lips. To see Ryoko happy
was a relief. He could not lie and say that he expected sister to be upset with him. She was
not.

Father and mother returned well-rested. They smiled and laughed at his expense, but Itachi
didn’t mind. He was grateful to have a close family like this. Even if mother voiced not at all
discrete hints on wanting grandchildren. Itachi was just happy.

Sasuke’s birthday was meant to be a small gathering that turned into a rather interesting
collection of high-ranking clan representatives with their offspring. His brother had many
friends. That made Itachi happy. Sasuke’s smile when he received a katana from Ryoko,
made Itachi happy.

Izumi… she made him happy every single moment of every single day.

His heart was overfilled with love and joy, so how could Itachi not smile seeing his family
gathered together for dinner? He was now seated at the head of the table, while Izumi took
the official matriarch spot at the other end. On his left-hand side, was father and mother. To
his right-hand side, was Ryoko and Sasuke. They all actually conversed in idle chatter. This
made Itachi beyond happy…

“Ryoko-san, thank you for the praise! Let me get you seconds!” Izumi smiled brightly after
his sister complimented the meal. “If you would like, I could teach you how to make it!” she
suggested innocently after handing Ryoko a full plate.



Eerie silence came over the table as everyone froze in place, leaving his wife blink in
confusion. Ah, he forgot to tell Izumi about this… Only once the subject of Ryoko learning to
cook was broached in this house. Nobody was left happy afterward. That time father received
a jaw-dropping lecture on patriarchal oppression over women kind. Mother was enraged and
conflicted to be compared to the stereotypical housewives, which, to be fair, she was. Itachi
was chastised for being weak to not stand up for his beliefs. Even little Sasuke received a
glare that made the boy cry.

Itachi carefully cleared his throat. He desperately didn’t want to have to see Izumi cry, from
Ryoko’s bluntness matched with her sharp tongue. “Izumi, my sister is not keen on cooking,”
he said carefully.

“Oh? But… won’t you cook for your husband when you get married, Ryoko-san?”

Oh boy. That topic, even Itachi was not ready to unpack yet. He could not even imagine
someone taking Ryoko away from him. Someone... touching her with their dirty hands…
Someone who she would love more than him…

“HahahAHAHHA! You are very funny, Izumi-san,” Ryoko actually laughed to everyone’s
surprise. “You are very wrong to assume that there is a man in this world that would bind me
to slave in the kitchen for him. Even the thought alone is hilarious,” she continued to snicker,
shaking her head.

Well. Itachi could not disagree with that statement. Wisely, everyone moved on from this
dangerous topic while Ryoko was still in a good mood.

Marriage. Another step to repay his debt to Ryoko. He will not allow her to sacrifice her body
for the sake of the clan.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 57: Rumor has it...
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ryoko awoke with giddy excitement. It should be her first-day shadowing Shikaku around.
Looking at her wardrobe, the woman realized that it will be a long while before she can wear
her usual ANBU uniform, if ever again. Everyday jonin attire was not appealing either as
Ryoko wanted to show clearly her changed position. On the other hand, considering her new
job alongside Hokage, political machinations sounded like something very likely to happen,
which would require for her to keep an appropriate image as well.

“It’s all a game still,” she muttered to herself. Now instead of kunai, she will use her words
and brains. It also reminded her a lot of that trip with father to the Daimyo where she played
a role. Decision made, Ryoko chose to wear a long sleeve shirt, where her hand signs could
be hidden from sight. Considering her proficiency with one-handed seals, no one would
expect danger from hands that are kept apart. Traditional Uchiha high collar would also hide
some of her smirks and sneers, which Ryoko preemptively expected to have difficulty hiding
otherwise.

Short gloves dark in color, matched her top, further helping to conceal any hand signs if they
would be needed. For the lower part, Ryoko wrapped a skirt with a long slit. Might as well
use her femininity to distract from her eyes. Heeled sandals provided her with a few inches of
height to further cement her authority. Besides accentuating her calve muscles.

On the waist, Ryoko tied a sash that had a storage seal sewn into it. Here would be hidden her
weapons for the worst scenarios. With the Uchiha crest proudly displayed on her back, Ryoko
was ready to face the day.

“Morning, princess,” Shisui waved at her as they passed in the corridor. She noticed him
stepping out of the office now belonging to Itachi. One delicate eyebrow curved in a
questioning manner, but her cousin didn’t comment further, as he flickered away. Shortly
after, her brother stepped outside the same room.

“Brother.”

“Sister.”

They nodded to each other respectfully. It might look cold or too official of a greeting, but it
was not. Between the two of them, it was like a game of play pretend, them acting as
sophisticated adults until one would eventually succumb to silly rules of conduct. Usually, it
would be Ryoko who would lose the game by snorting or swearing from her impatience.

“Cousin is already making requests?” she smirked as they walked together to the dining room
for breakfast.

“Hn. He wishes to marry outside of the clan,” Itachi revealed.



“Ohh?” her eyes twinkled. She recalled Shisui admitting to having a crush. So it was serious,
huh? “I bet he is not the only one,” she said thinking of Obito and Anko. The two of them
already acted as a married couple. Unofficially living together and all.

“Is that so?” Itachi murmured in a strange tone that Ryoko could not question further as they
were interrupted by usual morning antics. Sasuke greeted both of them with a hug and
received two pokes to the forehead for his troubles.

Father nodded from his spot, where the man enjoyed his morning tea. He looked relaxed and
dare she say like a few years were brushed off his shoulders. Mikoto was helping Izumi to
serve the food. Neither expected Ryoko to help, as they should.

“Will you present the idea to the elders in the next meeting?” she asked Itachi when they
finally sat down. He nodded.

“Hn.”

“Hn.”

He didn’t ask. She didn’t offer. But they both knew that Ryoko would make sure to attend the
meeting in question to provide her support for brothers reforms and her cousin's sake. That
was the least she could do, for all the strings Itachi had to pull to secure her the spot beside
the Hokage. It didn’t take her long to connect the dots. Who else would have a say about it if
not her beloved big brother? He knew of her ambition and showed support in the only way he
could. She was grateful.

━━━━━━━━━━

A week into her new reality, Ryoko was still brimming with determination. The paperwork
didn’t bother her one bit, unlike most people presumed. She was still a shinobi, and a fighter,
and a killer, but crushing people’s minds and hearts with words was almost as satisfying as
snapping their necks. The despair in their eyes was lovely…

“Morning, foxie,” Ibiki’s voice made Ryoko glance to the side. Thoughts of political sadism
were brushed to the back of her mind.

“Hn. Morino,” she inclined her head slightly. A smirk of amusement played on her lips. At
least he was an adult and didn’t harbor any hurt feelings after the breakup.

“You’re looking hot as usual,” he remarked, shamelessly looking her up and down.

“Obviously.”

They walked together in the same direction with a comforting silence between them. “By the
way, congrats on moving up. The change explains… a lot…” he said. Ibiki wouldn’t be the
head of T&I if he couldn’t figure out her end goal. It doesn’t take much to see it, honestly.
There aren’t that many reasons for a high-level jonin to work as Hokage’s assistant. Minato
was in exactly the same position during the war.

“Hn,” she acknowledged in her own Uchiha way.



“I will support you, Ryoko,” he finally said as they stopped at a crossroad. It was nice to
know that she would have the man’s backing on her endeavor. He could be a very valuable
pawn, Ryoko thought to herself. She was also glad that her minor fling didn’t cost her this
advantage. Otherwise, Ibiki might have to be… replaced by a more agreeable shinobi.

“Thank you, I appreciate it,” she said with a nod and the two parted ways. Ryoko found
herself in the bottom levels of Hokage tower, where Shikaku was already waiting for her.
They greeted each other as usual and proceeded to walk around, while the man explained the
ins and outs of the work he did for Minato.

Midday they stopped to have lunch in a small restaurant owned by one of the Akimichi
families. Shikaku had no issues ordering sake, Ryoko didn’t mind it either. As long as the
man can do his job, he might as well have a drink on his break.

“So, Ryoko-chan,” he smirked with a tone that promised nothing good for her. “Do you like
any local boys?” he asked.

“It would never work between us, Shikaku-san,” she smiled right back at him. Playful banter
was something new that developed from their current working arrangement. Surprisingly, it
helped her to refrain from smutty fantasies about the man.

“You’re deflecting,” he pointed out.

“How can one deflect from a matter which does not exist in the first place?”

“Hmmm, I do not believe that you do not like anyone, hime,” he pushed the line of
questioning almost as persistently as her mother. Almost.

“That is precisely how it is,” she shrugged unbothered. That was the truth. Besides her
immediate family, cousins, and sensei’s family, Ryoko couldn’t think of a single person she
loved. Sure, she found some men attractive, but that is not love. “More importantly, why are
you interested in this topic at all?” she asked instead.

“Aww, I care about you, Ko-Ko-chan,” Shikaku was giddy and his answer was almost
believable. “Besides, I am determined to win the betting pool on this subject...”

“The what…?” she paused.

How do shinobi stay in shape, while in peace times? Simple, really - they gossip (information
gathering), they bet on anything and everything (strategy, planning, intel), they keep the
sources hidden (spying basics). If your gossiping or plotting is uncovered, how can you even
call yourself a shinobi?

That is why Ryoko was only mildly surprised to learn that there was a betting pool about who
would tame the 'Feisty Princess' as Shikaku named it. It was mostly between jonin circles,
hence Shikaku being in the know. They agreed to split the prize if Ryoko would warn him
beforehand. She also considered that Shikaku had other motives, but didn’t question him
further. It was already uncomfortable enough. The woman didn’t like to have her thoughts
linger on the inevitable nearby future.



“What are we doing after lunch?” she asked the man just as the waitress served dessert.

“Well, I know I shouldn’t be by now, but I am surprised that you already know most of the
things I planned on showing you,” the man scratched the back of his head.

“Hn. I do my research,” she remarked simply like it was only natural for kids to read books
about clan politics and village financials. There were only that many books about Madara, so
on occasions, Ryoko would pick up any book in her reach.

“Let’s play some shogi?”

“Let’s.”

━━━━━━━━━━

The first time Ryoko actually stepped inside the Hokage office for her work it was…
Irritating. The woman was not bothered by how ANBU tensed, or how Minato sent an
apologetic smirk her way. No, what bothered Ryoko was the havoc of papers and scrolls. She
silently accepted her fate of drowning in papers for the foreseeable future.

But even the mess in the office was not as bad as constant interruptions. Were it a shinobi or a
council member, Hokage’s family member or a traveler, they all came and went like this
office had revolving doors. Because of this, Minato would get distracted, have to stop
working on papers, focus on new information and then jump back onto scribing.

Inefficient… disrespectful… AGHRR… she cursed in her mind as another merchant left after
completing a trade agreement. It took Ryoko two days to give up on the current order of
business. So when the next morning Minato entered his office, he stopped from the surprise
at how clean and orderly it was.

“Have we been robbed?” he asked after casting a dubious look at Ryoko who stood by his
desk with a handful of papers. ANBU shifted tensely in the rafters as they were the only
witness to the furiously determined Uchiha.

Ryoko spent the whole night here sorting, filing, and just putting things in their right places
all while testing the shinobi hidden in the shadows. She would cast a subtle genjutsu or throw
a kunai out of the blue. From her perspective, the masks were far too lazy thinking of this as
a cushy night shift.

“Good morning, Hokage-sama, I have tidied up a bit to make your work more efficient,” she
greeted casually as the man took his seat. Blue eyes blinked subtly inspecting the
surroundings. “Here is your schedule for today,” she gave the paper to Minato where his
workday was planned to minutes.

“Wait! I get to go home at a reasonable time?!” he looked up quickly after noticing the
clearly marked end of the day on the parchment.

“Of course, Hokage-sama. The village needs you well rested, besides you have a family to
look after as well. This schedule does not include extraordinary circumstances, obviously,”



she answered, placing another stack of documents in front of him. Minato looked like he was
about to tear up when somebody knocked on the door.

“Ent…”

“Hokage-sama,” Ryoko interrupted with a stern look in her eyes. “Please proceed with
looking over the documents. I have sorted them by priority and severity. They must be
addressed now. I will make sure you are not interrupted unless it is necessary,” somehow
Minato knew better than to argue. He nodded, while Ryoko stepped outside.

And so Ryoko’s stern rules started to take effect.

Shinobi and civilians alike in no less than a week learned not to disturb Hokage-sama before
eleven in the morning unless it was serious and urgent business. Otherwise, they were
welcome to leave a request to one scary-looking Uchiha or, a more favored option, wait for
the official meeting hours after lunch.

Office window was no longer used as a pseudo door for presumptuous jonin. Unless they
wanted to pass out from a genjutsu for the rest of the day. ANBU no longer considered
Hokage's guard duty as the easy way out. Not by far. Minato actually was amused to see how
Ryoko tormented his guards if they dared to zone out. In the end, she only wanted them to
use their heads and not simply wait for an order.

All in all, everyone was happy as long as Ryoko was happy and she was happy when there
was structure, order, and professionalism. Minato didn’t protest too much against her
suggestions, because they allowed him to focus on reforms and other initiatives. No one
could complain as Konoha never worked as smoothly as it did now.

In the middle of August Ryoko found herself dragged outside to a bar by her few friends.
Anko had been pestering the woman to celebrate the change for a while now. Finally, she
caved in, when her former colleague Cheetah joined in with Mantis-senpai in tow.

Four busty and dangerous women around one table was a thrilling sight to witness. Ryoko
ignored other patrons of the bar as she tried to force her mind to relax. Sake helped.

“Sooo, Ryoko-san, I have this question…” Cheetah shifted in her seat after speaking.

“Hn,” Ryoko gave a nod for the other woman to continue. She hoped it would not be another
attempt to pry the information about her nonexistent love life.

“So… do you know maybe, if Uchiha… chem… if they can marry outside the clan without
serious repercussions? I’m asking for a friend,” the woman smiled. Ryoko followed her gaze.
Ah… Anko. She noticed how her friend shifted looking away as if this was not a question
important for her. Oh, and was it a blush that shimmered on her cheeks? Adorable. Obito was
a lucky man.

“Well, it used to be a bigger issue, but my brother is in support of out of the clan
relationships. Actually, my cousin has already brought up this subject, so your friend has
nothing to worry about,” Ryoko nodded sternly.



“HE DID?” both, Anko and Cheetah said in unison, surprised that an Uchiha would actually
bring up this subject to their clan head. Ryoko chuckled at their reaction.

“Hmmm, Itachi-sama is so progressive,” Mantis nodded with approval. She probably was the
oldest one here, therefore with the most experience on how different clan heads tend to deal
with such instances. Of course, the age difference did nothing to prevent Ryoko from teasing
the poor woman.

“Oh, please say hi to taicho from me,” Ryoko smirked. She had noticed several months ago
that her former ANBU team captain Wolf had a secret thing going on with agent Mantis. Said
woman choked on her drink before flushing bright red.

━━━━━━━━━━

This was one of the few mornings, where he could admire the woman sleeping by his side.
Anko usually had to leave before him to her job at T&I. On mornings like these, Obito took
his time to stare at her sleeping face with his sharingan eye. She gets him. She is not bothered
by his reputation. She is not intimidated by his clan. She is unapologetically herself.

His hand reached out on its own volition and brushed the woman's cheek with utmost care.
Obito never thought he could love anyone as much as he loved Rin. Although, probably
anyone would start to question their life choices after spending a few weeks locked up in a
cell. Then he got his mother back and everything paled in comparison to the feelings he had
for her.

Then there was Anko who dragged him out of the pit of self-loathing. And Kakashi who
showed care in his own demented ways. The man knew that his former teammate, Rin, cared
for him, but it was not the same. It would never be the same. So he let go of her and that
action came surprisingly easy.

He couldn’t even recall the last time he thought of Rin or even spoke to her. It didn’t even
bother him as he now had an actual family to share affection with. And Anko. Obito sighed
with a smile as he pulled away to get dressed. It probably could be considered selfish, the
reason why he was so happy to see Itachi taking over. He didn’t care. Obito only knew that
finally, he could approach the subject he had been mulling over for the past year and a half.

The man walked outside and towards the clan head house. Two polite knocks on the door and
he was greeted with a bright smile of his youngest cousin.

“Morning, Sasuke,” he ruffled the boy's hair as the little ravenhead let Obito inside. Soon he
would see this face in the academy. Oh, the joy. A shiver went down his back imagining the
now-infamous trio of pranksters learning all new tricks to cause mischief.

“Nii-san is in his study,” the boy helpfully instructed. Obito knocked once more on the door
before he entered.

“Ah, Obito, I was guessing when you would show up,” Itachi smiled after he glanced up
from the paper in his hands.



“Ahh…” he rubbed one hand over the back of his neck. Obito really shouldn’t be that
surprised that his intentions were so obvious.

“I have to say, Shisui beat you to it,” his cousin remarked.

“What? Seriously? No way!” Obito gapped. He was aware of the down-low relationship
Shisui had, they talked about it on more than a few occasions, but he didn’t realize it was this
serious. He probably should have guessed it, from the heart-shaped twinkle in Shisui’s eyes
whenever the boy spoke about his girl.

“Hn. Do not worry, the topic was already discussed during the last clan meeting. Ryoko was
present so you can imagine how that went,” there was a vicious smirk on Itachi’s face for a
brief second.

Yeah, Obito could clearly imagine how his little savage cousin cut down any opposition. Ah,
they were blessed with having Ryoko on their side. Unholy glee shadowed his own features.
“That’s… I’m relieved,” Obito said with a small laugh. He exhaled feeling truly relaxed now
that he knew of the future he could have. “You know, mom gave me her blessing too…” he
muttered as a matter of fact.

He didn’t notice, when Itachi appeared before him, his cousin placed a reassuring hand on his
shoulder. “I am happy for you, Obito. Sincerely. I wish you two all the best. You have my
support,” the young clan head nodded with steel conviction to his words.

“Thanks,” he whispered before the silence was disrupted by Izumi’s call for breakfast.

“Join us,” Itachi all but dragged him to the dining room.

“Good morning,” Obito smiled as he perched next to Ryoko.

Affectionate ‘hn’s’ of greeting were exchanged before everyone started to eat. Idle breakfast
was only disrupted when Mikoto-sama suddenly stood up and excused herself. All as one, the
male Uchiha frowned at the sudden action. Itachi was the one to leave and check on his
mother. The two returned after ten minutes, while Obito silently observed the inner workings
of the main branch family.

Itachi cleared his throat. “Looks like, congratulations are in order,” the man announced and
gave a nod to Fugaku-sama. Obito curiously looked between them as he tried to puzzle the
picture together.

“Oh,” Ryoko beside him looked up. “Well, now I am simply impressed, father.
Congratulations. You are putting the rest of the clan in shame,” she gave the same nod as her
brother. Honestly, his cousin was truly a genius if she understood what was happening, he
thought to himself.

“What are we celebrating?” little Sasuke on the other side of Obito raised the question as he
looked up at Mikoto-sama.

“Darling, you’ll be having another sibling it seems,” the woman smiled kindly.



“Oh,” Obito uttered as he finally realized. Mikoto-sama was pregnant. Again. At her age.
Wow. The man chanced a glance at Fugaku-sama, for whom he found a new level of respect.
Ryoko was right. This pair put everyone in shame. Not only Uchiha but other clans too. Itachi
will have big shoes to fill, Obito snickered at that thought to himself.

Children. Absent-mindedly, Obito imagined Anko with a bump on her tummy…

That same evening, he shared the joyous news with her as they cuddled in his home.

“Seriously? Old man Fugaku has some vigor,” she laughed loudly.

“Hn… I was thinking… Would you… one day want…” Obito was hesitant as the two of
them never really talked about this specific subject yet.

“Ehhh, so finally you got the idea of impregnating me? I was already thinking that this is just
a fling,” she snickered at his expense, but that’s how Anko was. She had the talent to see
right through him and lighten his anxiety.

“Stupid, of course, I want to….” he stopped himself before repeating her vulgar statement.
Although, the thought of it was alluring and his hand gently stroked over her tummy.
“Anko… would you… marry me?” Obito uttered in a whisper as he dared to lift his
mismatched eyes at her. Kami knows she was too good for him. Who in their right mind
would want an unsightly being such as himself.

Instead of an answer, the woman squealed as she jumped up on top of him. Her eyes were
dazzling as she looked down at his face with a bright smile. “Really? So… you really want to
marry me?” Anko asked. At least she didn’t bring up her non-Uchiha background, that topic
Obito managed to put to rest a while back.

“Hn,” he sighed, feeling like his chest was pressed by the boulder again. Well… she didn’t say
no…

“I love you, Obito. Of course, I want to marry you! And have children with you!” she said
without breaking eye contact.

“Ahh…” he gasped a breath he didn’t realize he was holding. Oh boy, this was really
happening, wasn’t it? The man found her waist with his hands and pushed their bodies
together, so her lips could make a landing on his own.

“I love you, Anko,” he breathed out as their limbs tangled.

A few hours later, they rested in each other's embrace, sweat still glimmering on their skin.
He could never get enough of her.

“Ne ne, Obito, did you hear?” she whispered. Moments like these, the two of them liked to
converse about their daily life, friends, and family. Anko would open up to him, without her
usual braise front.

“Hmm?”



“Rumor has it that they are not even friends anymore… I am concerned…”

“Who?” Obito glanced at her adorable face. It was scrunched with concern true to the words
she just said.

“Koko-chan and your idiot teammate. I mean… I had my hopes up that they will go back
together like before… but it’s kinda sad to see them not even talk with each other anymore…
and Ryoko doesn’t show it, but I bet she is sad… she doesn’t really have that many
friends…” Anko rambled to his naked chest.

Ah. Right. Ryoko-hime. His adorable yet stubborn cousin. And Kakashi. His idiot of a friend.
The two have been circling each other for as long as he could remember. At some point,
Obito even heard that they dated. But the pair being as antisocial and closed off as they are,
never shared with him about it.

“Huh. That’s too bad. I really hoped Kakashi would pull his shit together by now,” he
whispered in response. The man would love to see his close people happy. He would love for
them to finally come out of their shells. He wanted them to be as happy as he was right now.

He recalled when Kakashi came to him seeking advice. Still, he didn’t know the full story,
only what Minato-sensei told him. Although, it might not even be his friend's fault. Ryoko
never puts herself first, that much Obito knew about her. Unlike him, she would put the clan
and their rules above her own happiness. Maybe he could speak with Itachi about it…

“Hime’s birthday is coming up, we could corner the two idiots,” Obito suggested.

“Or set her up with someone else,” Anko smirked.

“Oh? Who?”

“Well, Ibiki-san always had an eye for her.”

From the name alone, a shiver went down the man’s spine. “Yeah, no. Hime is already plenty
scary on her own.”

“Hmmm…” she didn’t argue, but for Anko that wasn’t an insult. “Alright, I’ll think of
someone else then,” she smiled as her lips started a trail of kisses from his chest to his neck.
Soon, all thoughts of his emotionally constipated friends left. There was only Anko on his
mind and their future.

━━━━━━━━━━

Meanwhile at the other side of the village in Kakashi’s apartment.

Ryoko sneezed as she took her spot by the masked man’s kitchen table. Technically he was
not wearing the mask at the moment though...

“Someone’s talking about you,” he remarked, placing a full plate of food in front of her.
Honestly, the smell was surprisingly good considering that Kakashi made it himself.



“Didn’t know you were superstitious…” she muttered before taking a bite. “Didn’t know you
could cook either…” she added after a pause.

“Ahh… sick of takeout…” Kakashi grumbled.

“Hn.”

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Ryoko's outfit inspiration ^^

 



Art Reference

 





Art Reference

 



Art Reference



Chapter 58: Center of Gravity
Chapter Summary

Previously:

“Hime’s birthday is coming up, we could corner the two idiots,” Obito suggested.

“Or set her up with someone else,” Anko smirked.


Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

When Ryoko first stepped into the Hokage office, he felt the world go still. Kakashi’s heart
raced. This was so stupid. And irrational. And unprofessional. Everything he felt made zero
sense. Why was he so touched by the sight of Ryoko, when he already saw the woman almost
every day? What was so different now?

She looked different. Not only for the lack of her jonin vest or ANBU mask. The air around
her felt different. Like she was intimidating on a whole nother level. So Kakashi kept staring
without shame, relishing in her presence.

Only due to his creepy stalking, the man didn’t miss a senbon that Ryoko threw directly at his
head. He smirked under the mask as the metal needle twirled between his fingers. Oooooh…
this will be fun!

Naturally, Kakashi was right. Seeing Ryoko whip everyone in shape was thrilling. Sensei
looked like he actually slept more than a few hours for once and Kakashi was thankful for
that. Fellow ANBU looked like they were on edge the whole time they were hidden in the
office rafters. Kakashi loved every second of it.

“Dad, she’s.. Amazing..” Kakashi whispered as he knelt next to his father's grave. After a few
weeks of watching Ryoko turn the Hokage Tower upside down, the man had this urge to pay
his respects and just… talk. He wanted to share with someone about this little obsession of
his…

“I wonder if mom was like that too? You know… strong.. And regal… and...” ah, even in the
solace of this graveyard Kakashi couldn’t say out loud how beautiful he found the Uchiha
hime. He let out a deep sigh and closed his eye. “I don’t know what I am doing, dad. I know I
don’t even have a snowball's chance in Suna to be with her and yet… when I look at her…
when I think of her… the only thing in my mind is Ryoko… in my arms… ”

Clearly, he had too much time on his hands if his mind concocted such delusions. Part of this
was due to the public image Ryoko and Kakashi decided to keep. They could no longer just
simply hang out in the open. Or train. Or just have a bite… That is when the brilliant idea
came to him.



Actually, it was Rin who inadvertently suggested it. One day, she managed to ambush him
just as he was leaving the cemetery (some people have no shame). The woman was very
adamant about making him a warm meal, which Kakashi politely declined by vanishing
without answering.

Yet it did give him an idea. What Ryoko would never refuse? A good meal. And Kakashi
knew that he had enough skills for that. That is how he ended up cooking for her. As a
friendly gesture of course. Although, the happy expression on Ryoko's face invoked not at all
platonic feelings within the man.

Naturally, he continued this circle of pleasurable torment as he got Ryoko into the habit of
eating with him every day. All was going swell. Everything was fine. Fine. He was fine. Fine.

━━━━━━━━━━

When Obito invited him to have lunch together, Kakashi didn’t think much of it. Now,
however, the man's instincts were tingling in alarm. Obito’s arm was looped over Kakashi’s
own shoulders in what onlookers would call a ‘friendly gesture’. The arm held him tightly on
course towards their usual ramen shop.

Copy Nin felt like he was an animal caught in a trap. Something was definitely off.

“Obito, you know I can walk by myself?” he said calmly with an eye crinkled into a fake
smile.

“Sure sure, Bakashi,” his friend waved him off but did not release Kakashi from the tight
grip.

Well, when in doubt - let it play out and improvise… Kakashi thought with a sigh. There was
little he wanted to do anyways after finishing his ANBU shift in Hokage guard duty. No
matter how pleasant it was to watch Ryoko all day, it still left him mentally drained by the
end.

Speak of the devil! Kakashi stopped mid-step as the two men entered the little ramen shop.
Here she was again, testing his acting skills.

“Now now, don’t be childish! Get over it already,” Obito chirped as he used some chakra to
push the Copy Nin towards the table with Ryoko and Anko, gravely misunderstanding
Kakashi’s hesitation.

Uchiha hime on her part sent a frosty glare his way, that actually made a shiver go down his
spine. Kakashi ignored it with all his might. On some level, acting with Ryoko was fun. They
will no doubt laugh about it when they meet later, just the two of them… Alone with
Ryoko… Kakashi mentally shook his head to get back on track just in time to catch the end
of Obito’s sentence.

“What?” he deadpanned in response to his friend.

“I said, you two are acting like a married couple!”



Kakashi stared at him. And stared. And stared. Then glanced at Ryoko who looked just as not
impressed as himself. “If she were my wife, I’d put poison in her tea,” Kakashi finally
shrugged with his usual smile alongside the underhanded bite.

“Hn. If he were my husband, I’d drink it,” Ryoko retorted without missing a beat.

Kakashi didn’t show any reaction outwardly, but inside he had a rollercoaster of them. He
was, much like always, impressed by her retort. Normally he would have laughed if it were
only two of them alone. Honestly and sincerely, like it only happens with Ryoko… Another,
tiny part of his brain, was insulted even if he understood that this whole exchange was as fake
as Naruto’s alibi after a prank happens.

Would she really poison a man she wouldn’t like? Yes. Ryoko definitely would. But would
she poison him…? That is a strong maybe.

Anko snorted loudly. “You two are impossible. Obito, bunn, I don’t know why we even
bother to fix this wreck.”

Kakashi silently threw up just a bit in his mouth hearing the pet name this demented girl gave
Obito. Kami, he will never be able to look at bunnies the same way again. But… he probably
wouldn’t be against Ryoko calling him that…

Bunny… kitty… bubble... lazily his thoughts circled around names that Uchiha hime would
definitely kill him for. At least she could not read his mind, Kakashi consoled himself as he
continued to indulge this line of thinking. It felt positively naughty to be thinking of such
travesties while Ryoko was cluelessly sitting a few feet away.

“Right. Talking about wrecks,” Ryoko’s dark eyes twinkled at Obito in an ominous manner.
“Congratulations on taking over dear Sasuke’s education in the Academy.” Like a true
conspirator, Anko laughed at her boyfriend's vocal whine.

“Yeah. Thanks. For some reason, Minato-sensei thought it would be sooo great to straddle me
not only with my cousin and the pranksters trio from hell, but with all clan head families
offsprings. Just great.”

Kakashi smiled with mirth under his mask. Right. The new year for academy students has
started, meaning that most of the pots-war children were now of age on their road to
becoming shinobi. “Ouch,” he winced after receiving a punch to the ribs from Obito.

“Wipe that smile off your face! You too, dear cousin! I will make you both pay! Just wait a
few more years,” Obito grumbled, Kakashi only smiled wider. As if Obito could do anything
to him? Ha! What’s the worst that could happen over a few years?…

Famous last words...

━━━━━━━━━━

“It’s actually pretty cute, that Obito cares enough to even try to mess with us,” Ryoko
remarked as she sat next to him on the sofa with a scroll in her hands. Kakashi glanced from



his Icha Icha pages to see her acting like home in his apartment. Casual and effortless as she
curled by his side.

“Hmm…” he muttered non committedly. Kakashi was amazed at how she could act this way
around him. So close. Unbothered... Right. Physical closeness probably was not a big deal for
Ryoko, who comes from a big family.

Unlike Kakashi ‘the lone orphan wolf’ Hatake.

It took far too much effort for him to not tense. To distract her and himself, Kakashi finally
spoke up. “I suspect that Minato-sensei might have asked him to do it in the first place.”

Ryoko paused reading the tax reports from the scroll and looked up into the distance, lost in
thought. “Possible. But, I doubt he will try that again,” she smiled sharply at him, that
expression giving Kakashi’s poor heart a violent jerk.

He quickly averted his eyes and tried to distract himself with Icha Icha again. Friends. They
were just friends. Planning and scheming together. Just good friends...

━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi was feeling tense the days leading to Ryoko’s birthday. There was no special invite
to the celebration, like the one for Itachi’s. There were no rumors of the ice queen getting
chained down either. Even Ryoko said nothing to him. It’s not like he could go ahead and ask
himself.

The man looked at the sky with a deep sigh. “Dad, I… I tried to get a mission to be away
when she… when it will happen, but I think sensei wants me to stay. I don’t know if I can
take it…” Kakashi looked down at the stone grave of his father. There was no answer back.
No magical sign to guide him. Yet the man still felt a tiny bit better after saying his concern
out loud.

This became a habit of his - to visit father's grave, talk with him, confess about the traces of
feelings in his heart. Somehow, this meaningless action eased Kakashi’s mind. For some
time...

The man looked up with his tired eye in the direction of the Uchiha compound. It was his
northern star. Kakashi’s center of gravity. Because she was there. But Ryoko will marry
someone that is not him and he can do nothing about it. His chest hurt to think about it. His
eyes prickled imagining her with someone else. Things will change whether he wants it or
not.

━━━━━━━━━━

Days went by with no new developments. Kakashi still took his scarce ANBU shifts. He still
met up with Ryoko every other night. He still cooked her whenever it would not raise
suspicions with her… And things looked strangely calm.

Until Obito showed up at his door. Again.



“Come oooon! Kaka, don’t be boring. Come on out with us!” his dear oblivious friend
pleaded. How could Kakashi ever admit that he knew very well what day was today. How
could he admit that he knew exactly where Obito wanted to drag him to. Most importantly,
how could he say out loud why he was so reluctant.

In the end, Kakashi decided to be at least a bit truthful as he gave his Uchiha friend a deadpan
stare. “I know what day it is. I am not going anywhere near her.”

“See! I knew you still cared!” Obito grinned, but his sunny smile didn’t melt Kakashi’s hard
exterior one bit. The man finally sighed. “Listen, you probably won’t even notice her. There
will be a lot of other people.”

“It’s your family thing, why are you dragging me into this?” Kakashi let out a deep sigh of
exasperation as he sat down on his sofa to firmly show his stance of not going anywhere.

“Nah. There won’t be that many of us there. Only cool people. It’s a celebration after all and
you know how much she hates official affairs.”

Now that sounded odd. As much as Kakashi knew how much Ryoko could get away with, he
was pretty sure that Fugaku-sama would not accept anything less than grandiose for his
daughter's special day.

“Fine,” Kakashi muttered after a long pause. He was curious and the little pain of seeing
Ryoko with someone else is nothing compared to knowing that it’s not just a one-time
thing… Might as well get the first dose of the new normal.

Obito all too gladly dragged him outside as if the man would change his mind midway.
Which actually was rather plausible as Kakashi’s nerves tensed. Surprisingly, he was led not
to the Uchiha compound. The pair actually walked into a local shinobi bar.

“Huh,” the Copy Nin blinked as he took in the youthful collection of people standing around,
drinking, dancing.

“Don’t forget to say ‘Happy Birthday’ or I will hit you,” Obito threatened with a smile before
leaving Kakashi to his own devices by the bar. The man blinked a few times. Odd. Very odd.

Finally, he snapped out of his surprised relief and turned around to get a drink. He
desperately wanted to calm down and sort his thoughts. That is when the soft scent of spices
reached his nose. Thankfully, noises all around him muffled the tiny growl Kakashi made in
the back of his throat.

“Wow, who blackmailed you to be here?” Ryoko said casually appearing to his left side. She
didn’t look his way, nor did he look at her. They both acted as strangers waiting by the bar.

“Obito has his ways,” Kakashi answered coolly. “Happy Birthday, Ryoko,” he added in
barely a whisper.

“Hn,” she said in response, meaning: ‘Thank you. I am actually very glad that you decided to
join this celebration of my life. Your presence is important to me. And this social gathering is



rather tiring.’

“Hn,” he answered, meaning: ‘Agreed. This is such a drag, but as it is you I can suffer a bit.’

After a moment, he cleared his throat. A brilliant memory came into his head. Not a memory
actually, but a promise. Well, it was either brilliant or suicidal to follow it. “Ryoko, weren’t
you supposed to get married off by now?” he said it straight. They did agree to talk directly to
avoid any stupid arguments… Might as well try it out.

He heard a snicker to his left. “Don’t remind me. Big brother surprised me by announcing
that this clan rule will no longer be applied. I am officially free from arrangements.”

Kakashi’s eye quickly darted to glance at the woman by his side. She looked serious. Kami…
Kami! He was ready to go and kiss Itachi on the lips. Was this his early birthday present? Or
was some diety finally granting him a wish? The man was not sure, but he decided not to
question his good fortune.

“That’s… good. Congrats on having basic human rights,” he answered, voice slightly
shaking.

“Idiot,” he heard her hiss before Ryoko turned away and left him alone to keep up with their
public image of ‘not talking to each other’. There was no heat behind it, only a playful smile.
It wouldn’t matter even if she was angry. Nothing could spoil his mood today…

Or so Kakashi thought a few hours ago.

Now, well into the night, he was reconsidering the good news to be nothing, but an ominous
sign of misfortune as he watched Genma shamelessly hitting on Ryoko. Worse was that she
played along with the man's advances. And why wouldn’t she?

The glass in Kakashi’s hand was gripped dangerously tight as he tried to observe the pair
covertly from the other end of the bar. Another interesting fact he noticed was the distinct
lack of one Ibiki Morino in Ryoko’s near vicinity. He was here, yes. But there was something
different between them.

Seeing her laugh at Genma’s silly words, he finally got a good idea of what exactly was
different. Kakashi made an educated guess that Ryoko must no longer share Ibiki’s company.
That is if she is monogamous in the first place… Surely she must be… Who would want to
share her? Kakashi almost laughed out loud at that thought of his.

No one in their right mind would agree to share Ryoko. He certainly wouldn’t…

With his intense stalking, Kakashi missed the way Obito eyed him from time to time. To be
fair, the man could barely manage to think about anything but Ryoko and her suitors. Until it
was time to go home.

Alone.

Back to his empty apartment.



Kakashi fell asleep snuggling his ‘Ryoko substitute’ pillow.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Oh! Kakashi-kun! What are you doing here?” Rin popped from nowhere just as he was
about to grab a bag of tomatoes.

“Food. For eating,” he vaguely motioned towards other items in his bag, showing very little
desire in continuing the conversation. Somehow Rin always missed these subtle hints from
his side.

“Oooh! I didn’t know you cooked,” the woman said. Her eyes glanced closer to the content
of his bag as if asking without words for more details. Not like he would give them even if
she did use words.

“Hn,” was all Kakashi deemed to say.

“What will you be making?”

“Mmm…”

“You know, I have this great recipe! I could show it to you…”

“Ahh…”

“But you’re probably busy…”

“Hmm.”

“You know, I haven’t seen you in a while. We should hang out sometime… you know, like
old times…”

For crying out loud! Kakashi could be less invested in this sorry excuse of a conversation
only if he killed himself on the spot. He really didn’t have time to indulge Rin socially right
now. The man was on a mission to prepare a meal for his feisty… Somewhere under that
mask, Kakashi’s cheeks tinted in a light shade of pink. He couldn’t even say it in his head -
the nickname he thought of for Ryoko...

“Gotta’ run. Bye,” abruptly he cut Rin in the middle of her rambling, left some money on the
shop counter, and leaped away. It was getting warm in the store or maybe it was the stress
thoughts of Ryoko caused to his being.

At least he managed to get all the ingredients needed for today's meal. It was rewarding to see
Ryoko smile from his food, so Kakashi didn’t mind at all the extra work. The appreciation in
her eyes was the same as if she praised it out loud. At least that is how Kakashi excused his
actions to himself. All for her. Definitely not because he found the process of cooking for
someone but himself therapeutic. Definitely not.

Now Kakashi’s eye carefully watched as Ryoko took the first bite. She stopped by after her
work with Minato, like clockwork. Dare he say, it became a routine for them to meet up for a



meal. Without either of them suggesting it. Definitely not planned by him for months at all.

“Hmmm. I think you should quit being a shinobi. Your true talents are being wasted,” she
finally gave her verdict in between bites.

The struggle not to smile in response was real. Especially as Kakashi was without his usual
mask while at home. While with Ryoko. Somehow, the man took control of the twitching
face muscles and exhaled slowly as if to ground himself before responding.

In the end, he failed. A tiny smirk curved his lip up, which he tried to hide behind a cup of
tea. “Go fuck yourself,” Kakashi spoke warmly to her. Like he ever would quit being a
shinobi. Ha!

Ryoko paused. “Hn. Not right now. I’m too tired and there is a lot of movement involved in
that.”

He blinked. Ah, there it is. Her sharp tongue - as bold as ever. “I’ll pretend I didn’t hear that,”
he said out loud, while his mind dutifully registered this piece of information for later. To get
his mind out of the gutter and back on track, Kakashi cleared his throat as he took a little box
out of his pocket.

The item was casually put on the table towards Ryoko. “Happy Birthday… again.” This felt
awkward and stressful. Last year he completely ignored her and didn’t even get her anything.
Now, despite their public disdain for one another, he was prepared to not repeat past
mistakes. Even if he had to do it privately, after the actual day.

Ryoko showed a hint of curiosity as she carefully opened the box. Inside was a long paper
square. It had a delicate drawing of Kakashi’s pack on it in pastel colors. “A bookmark!
Huh!” she turned it between her fingers. Sharp eyes without a doubt analyzing every
millimeter of it.

“Yeah… I thought… as you probably will get enough books from others…” involuntarily, his
hand rose to brush against the back of his neck in a soothing manner. All in hopes to calm his
racing mind.

“Hn. You were right. I always get many books. But no one ever bothered to get me a
bookmark. Thank you,” she said with a small smile. Blood red eyes looked straight at him
with gratitude as the hypnotic spinning of tomoe in her pupils memorized this moment.

Kakashi’s breath hitched for a second there.

━━━━━━━━━━

Obito, bless his big heart, tried his hardest. He really did. But it only resulted in entertaining
Kakashi, as the Copy Nin camouflaged himself on a rooftop to avoid being spotted. He
observed as his friend frantically looked around, yet Kakashi didn’t want to be found. Not
today.



It was his birthday, so he should be allowed to do what he wants. Even if that would be to
stay alone somewhere hidden from people and their overbearing attention…

“MY ETERNAL RIVAL!” a booming voice made Kakashi’s whole body flinch.

How? HOW?! Why does it always have to be Gai who finds me??? the man thought while
urgently making hand signs for a shunshin.

“Oh! What a coincidence that I found you here, Kakashi!” suddenly, Obito appeared and
there was no more way out without hurting his former teammate. Just as the man was
debating the best way of dealing with an Uchiha, Gai finally landed next to them and also
wrapped his hand around his shoulders.

Kakashi Hatake was officially cornered.

“Gahhh. Let’s get this over with…” he muttered in defeat. Sure, Kakashi could struggle
more. He could. He probably should. But… maybe a tiny part of him wanted to spend some
time with people who said they cared… Just a bit… to see what it’s like…

“I will not question your obedience today, dear Bakashi,” Obito winked as he dragged the
man with Gai’s help into a bar. Much like during Ryoko’s birthday last week, there were quite
a few shinobi present, who just used this celebration as a pretext to go out drinking.

Kakashi was just glad that most people knew better and didn’t crowd him besides a polite
greeting with good wishes. Most people. A deep sigh escaped his lips, just as Rin shot
another myriad of questions for which she didn’t wait to hear any answer.

“How nostalgic! The whole gang is here,” Obito smirked, placing three glasses on the table.

“Oh, yes! Obito, it is very nice that you helped me to organize this get-together for Kakashi-
kun, thank you!” she smiled sweetly. Kakashi guessed that she probably was glad to no
longer be an object of fascination for Obito. He could only wish for the same development to
happen with Rin...

“Right,” Uchiha gave that annoying knowing smile.

“Isn’t it nice that everyone came, Kakashi-kun? I am so glad we could celebrate your
birthday this year properly.”

“Well, not everyone came…” Obito whispered.

Kakashi pretended that he didn’t hear that. It just so happened that Ryoko cornered him first
thing in the morning. She not only found time to find him, congratulate him, but she also
warned him about this party in the first place.

Rin, however, didn’t ignore the comment. “So what? Why does she have to be here? Parties
are supposed to be with friends. People who actually care about you. She obviously doesn’t
give a damn about Kakashi-kun and never did.”



Before Obito fully opened his mouth, Kakashi found himself speaking in defense of Ryoko.
“Rin, you don’t even know her. Don’t act like you do. And more than half of the people here
could really care less whose birthday it is. They just needed a pretense to go out. That is all.”

“Why are you defending her?” Rin crossed arms over her chest with the most stubborn and
bratty look Kakashi ever saw. Jeez, didn’t she mature at all? Her behavior was painfully
childish. But despite that, he was still lost for words. Why was he defending Ryoko in public
in the first place?

Why couldn’t he control himself?

Thankfully, the gods showed mercy and saved him from answering anything at all in a form
of smirking Kabuto that approached their table. “Rin-san, there you are. Can we have a word
about that research paper you wanted to submit?” he sailed smoothly, while intelligent eyes
took note of the tension he just walked into.

“Sure, Kabuto. I’d love to,” Rin stuck her nose up and walked away with the gray-haired boy.

“Well, she’s charming as ever,” Kakashi commented dryly now that he was alone with Obito.
Uchiha snickered into his glass.

“Aaahh, you know, Rinbintin is now doing her thing at the hospital. Some people would
think that to be a very admirable career,” Obito said and maybe he was right. Take Tsunade-
sama for example. The woman was a medic-nin and respected for that. Still, Kakashi could
not even start to place Rin in the same line as the Legendary sannin. So the man only
shrugged, not bothering to continue this conversation.

After a few calm drinks, Obito sat down beside Kakashi with the fresh glasses he brought
from the bar. He didn’t look at the Copy Nin and his voice was low. “So. What is going on,
Kakashi?”

“Nothing much, what is going on with you?” he replied in his usual calm and cool manner as
Gai would call it.

“Well, for the past two hours I could not stop thinking about a few things...”

“Oh? Since when do you think?” Kakashi tried to joke as one does in a stressful situation.
That usually worked with Obito.

But not today. Uchiha ignored the dig and hummed instead. “You see, I noticed
something…”

“Hn?”

“You are still wearing that pendant sensei got the two of you.”

Kakashi went very still. HOW did he KNOW?? his mind tried to think of a moment his friend
could have spotted the damn thing… There were no ideas that came to him. The only logical
solution was… “You should grope me less,” Kakashi complained.



Obito smirked. “Hugs are not considered groping, Bakashi. And don’t change the subject!”

“I am not changing anything,” the grown man grumbled.

“Then why are you still wearing it if there is nothing going on?”

“Mmm… the craftsmanship is not bad…” he cringed internally with every word that came
out of his mouth. This was a pathetic excuse. Both Kakashi and Obito knew that.

Uchiha turned at him with a raised eyebrow. “Suuuure. The craftsmanship. What’s next?
You’ll tell me that you don’t care about my dear cousin anymore?”

“I don’t!”

“Kakashi. I have eyes. I know you.”

“No, you don’t…”

“Kakashi,” it’s odd how Obito managed to sound like a strict academy teacher and a
concerned friend at the same time. “I see how you look at her. You want her!” the man said
sternly, but still in a low enough voice for the words not to carry away from their table.

“No, I don’t want her!” when in fact, he did want her in all and any senses of the word. Kami,
Kakashi was hopeless. He couldn’t even lie convincingly to his friend anymore. But he also
could never admit it. Ryoko was something he could never have… The only option he had
right now was what he did best - avoid.

Kakashi abruptly stood up and left. Too bad that Obito did know him well and soon caught
up on the rooftops.

“You’re running away, Kakashi! That’s not like you,” Uchiha grabbed his shoulder to turn
him around despite how much the man tried to avoid this confrontation. Kakashi was not
ready to hear anything Obito had to say. So he was silent.

“Why? Why are you doing this? Because it's not going the way you want it to? Because it's
too difficult for you? What kind of man does that make you, huh?” Obito’s hand clutched
harder. Kakashi just stared blankly at his friend.

He already knew all this. He knew very well just how pathetic and worthless he was. “It
doesn’t matter what I want…” Kakashi finally whispered into the night.

As if reading the full extent of the thoughts in his mind, Obito winced and eased his grip.
“You're a good man, Kakashi. You deserve a chance. Don't let it get away! Because that
really will be the death of you.”

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes



*drops the chapter and runs away*

JkJk. Alright. Guilty on all charges! I must apologize for my extended absence. I was
feeling rather depressed lately. Or should I say, going through my quarterly mid-life
crisis? 🤔 either way, that is not a mood I can write in, but I am getting my shit together
^^

Have no fear! I do have this whole story planned to the very end so I intend to finish it.
Hope you like this little insight into how Kakashi is coping with all the changes. Spoiler
alert - he is not coping well.



Chapter 59: The Alluring Uchiha
Chapter Summary

Previously:

“Kakashi,” it’s odd how Obito managed to sound like a strict academy teacher and a
concerned friend at the same time. “I see how you look at her. You want her!” the man
said sternly, but still in a low enough voice for the words not to carry away from their
table.



“No, I don’t want her!” when in fact, he did want her in all and any senses of the word.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Stupid Obito… with his stupid wisdom… and his stupid words planting stupid ideas into my
head… Kakashi turned angrily in his bed. His friend's encouragement was not helping his
already shaky resolve to stay only friends with Ryoko.

God forbid his mouth would do something stupid again. Kakashi was not sure if Ryoko
would forgive him for the second time. The man closed his eyes and there she was. Beautiful
as ever standing in his imagination. Her image was precise to the smallest details. To the way,
her dark hair fell over her eye. To the way, her hands were laced, when crossed over her
chest… To the way, her shirt stretched over her chest…

Damn, Kakashi loved Sharingan for moments like these. He could practically hear Ryoko’s
breath on his soul, that's how real it seemed. She was a true beauty. Like a flower that
reached the peak of its bloom.

Even in his imagination, Ryoko’s presence was oppressive. Like a void that sucked the air out
of his lungs. Kakashi loved that feeling. He sighed deeply, as the blood rushed towards the
lower part of his body.

“Ryoko…” he whispered her name for the hundredth time.

As Kakashi continued to touch himself thinking of her, he ignored that it was not something a
friend would do. He ignored all the resolutions he made. For one evening, Kakashi gave in.
He allowed himself to fantasize without any restrictions or guilt. Because, what if… what if
she said yes? What if she was here with him? What if… it was her touching him?

What if… they could be together?

━━━━━━━━━━



In a blink of an eye, September passed by. Ryoko had little to no time to even complain about
the lack of missions outside the village as the paperwork kept her busy. Yet at the same time,
she found herself with an abundance of free time. Part of it was filled in by sneaking around
with Kakashi. So far, no one has realized that their conflict has been resolved. That’s a great
success in Ryoko’s eyes.

Another part of Ryoko’s free time naturally returned to focus on her dear family. More
specifically - Sasuke. Her adorable brother, usually calm and collected, was rather prickly
after the first month of the Academy experience.

It didn’t take long for Uchiha hime to figure out this mystery of Sasuke’s spoiled temper.
“Ah, so the history repeats itself,” she whispered, watching a gang of girls fawn over the
raven-head in the courtyard of the school. Looks like no matter the generation, there would
always be brainless idiots drooling over the superior Uchiha males.

Unlike Itachi, her little brother seemed honestly annoyed with the attention. Naruto and Sai
by his side helped, it seemed. Well, at least he had some true friends to keep his ego in check.
As the fangirls, if left alone with their prey, would blow the boy's poor head out of acceptable
proportions.

Strange, but I really do not enjoy watching Sasuke be so uncomfortable… Something must be
done… the woman decided, while her blood-red eyes memorized her new targets. And then
she was gone, back to the Hokage tower, just in time before her lunch hour finished.

In a few more hours, Ryoko was back to the Academy. This time, she stood nearby the gates,
like a normal person waiting for their child or sibling.

“Hello there, dear, how are you?” Cherry approached her with Orochimaru sensei by his side.
The man wore casual yet beautiful yukata, while her mentor had his jonin vest on standard-
issue-looking garments underneath it. It looked like a standard uniform, yes, but in reality, his
black pants and shirts were custom made from an extravagant yet durable fabric of his own
invention.

“Hn,” she nodded in her polite greeting. “Very well, thank you. How is Shin-kun?” Ryoko
heard that their older son has been sick. Actually, he has been ill off and on again ever since
he was a baby. With Orochimaru's manic levels of obsession and care, Shin was getting
better, his relapses shorter and rarer. But they were still there.

“Kabuto-san is taking care of him today. There are a few more sessions of treatment left
before snow season starts,” Orochimaru explained casually, despite the small wrinkles of
worry around his eyes.

Ryoko gave a nod. From what she observed, it looked like Shin had something similar to
tuberculosis. But she was not a doctor, nor a medic-nin. The girl was smart enough to leave
the diagnostic and healing arts to the professionals.

“Are you picking up Sasuke-kun?” Cherry asked while they waited for the children that
started to trickle out of the building.



“Something like that,” the woman whispered. Unnoticed by the pink-haired man, she sent a
katon clone ahead. Orochimaru raised a questioning eyebrow at her, but Ryoko ignored it.
She crossed her arms over her chest and waited until Sasuke came out with his friends.

“Ane!” the boy smiled at her brightly and ran up to give Ryoko a hug. She indulged him, one
hand patted him on the back, and then ruffled his bird's nest of hair.

“Sasuke. How is cousin Obito treating you?” Uchiha siblings waved at Orochimaru’s little
family and headed towards their own compound.

“He’s the best! He’s so smart! And clever! And he always knows when Naruto tries to pull a
prank!” Ryoko could not stop a small smirk that curved her lips, while the boy continued
with the praise. This warmed her heart. All her and Itachi’s efforts were paying off if Sasuke
could have a normal childhood like that.

Meanwhile, back at the academy, a group of girls stood with mixed emotions in front of
Ryoko’s clone. Couple of girls looked scared shitless. A few looked defiant and stubborn. A
few looked at the Uchiha hime with awe.

Ryoko’s arms were crossed, face impassive. She cornered these young weaklings just when
they conversed how to follow Sasuke-kun home. “So. You think you are good enough for my
brother?”

“You bet! I will be his wife!” a young blond Yamanaka exclaimed.

“You wish, Ino-pig! I will be ‘miss Uchiha’!” this time a pink-haired nobody spoke up. She
was so bright in her coloring, that Ryoko could only wonder how this child ended up in the
Academy in the first place. She probably woke up one morning and decided it out of the blue,
without giving it any serious thought.

“Enough,” Ryoko’s whisper cut through the bickering children like a kunai. She didn’t need
to be loud to get their attention. Her aura was enough to silence even these spawns. “Now
listen to me, you little weaklings,” she continued to speak in a low voice.

“You think you are good enough to be with Sasuke? Then you are gravely wrong. You’re not
even good enough to be a shinobi. You are weak and pathetic. You are unworthy of his
attention. You are a disgrace to the kunoichi name. If you truly want to even have a chance
with him, you have to be at least strong enough to take me in a fight. If you’re not willing to
mold yourself into something of substance, you should give up right now.”

“Easy! I will beat you!” the blond stood her ground admirably. She was clear alfa of the pack.
Unlike the pink one, which hunched into herself, with her head bowed down in shame.

Ryoko’s smile turned sharp. “Good luck. You’ll have to find me first,” she laughed. It was a
cold and menacing sound that sent shivers down the children's spines. And then Ryoko’s
clone popped into a swirl of flames. She was gone.

This should keep them occupied, until their attention shifts to train for themselves…
hopefully… Ryoko thought to herself, when the memories of her clone came back to her



mind.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Emm, Ryoko-san, why is my daughter stalking you?” Inoichi asked as he waited for Minato
to finish reading one of the reports he brought to the Hokage tower from the intel division.
The Yamanaka clan head looked rather concerned, but it was not clear why. Was it for his
daughter's reasoning? Or was it for how Ryoko will retaliate?

The woman smiled politely, eyes almost closed in Kakashi's trademark style. “Oh? I wouldn’t
know.” Ryoko was enjoying this way too much. Teasing Sasuke’s classmates proved to be a
fun activity that doubled as training of the young minds. Besides, her dear brother looked far
more relaxed.

Ryoko got into the habit of sending a clone to mess with the innocent ducklings that tried to
follow her every move. The bold Yamanaka even tried a ‘surprise’ attack, which had very
little ‘surprise’, considering the loud war screech young blond emitted in her leap.

“Please, let me know if my Ino will be causing you any inconvenience, Ryoko-san,” Inoichi
with all his pupilless stoicism still managed to display an impressive mix of emotions. From
concern to fear and even acceptance.

“Of course, Inoichi-san,” the smile on Ryoko’s lips was small and sweet. And it did not
promise anything good.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Good evening, Ryoko-hime.”

“Hn. Kabuto-san,” Ryoko inclined her head ever so slightly in greeting. The young man sat in
front of her by the same table.

“I will confess. I was rather surprised that you have invited me to have dinner together,” the
man smiled casually. He looked relaxed, maybe just a bit nervous or excited. Yet no less fake.
The only reason why Ryoko even noticed his facial mask and acting, was because she was
used to dealing with sensei who was the master of deception himself.

“Indeed. We have not conversed in social situations before.”

“Ah, I see. Then, I presume there is something you require of me, Ryoko-hime?”

“Sharp as always, Kabuto-san,” she smiled and he responded with a sharp grin of his own.
“Yet, it is not so much a request as an offer.”

“Oh?” he pushed the glasses up on the bridge of his nose. The glass reflected the gentle
candlelight of the restaurant, hiding Kabuto’s eye’s behind the glare.

“Sensei’s son. Shin. I understand that you cannot disclose medical history or any details,
but… I am concerned. Winter is coming,” Ryoko’s voice was dead serious like it always was
when her loved ones were concerned.



“Ah. You never cease to amaze me, hime,” Kabuto, for the first time, showed something that
looked like an honest smile. “Indeed, I cannot disclose anything. I would like to say that you
shouldn’t worry, but I cannot do that either.”

“I see. Is there anything I could help with?”

“No, not really. We have an idea of what is plaguing Shin-kun. We have the medicine. We
have the ingredients for it. It just takes time and patience. Orochimaru-sama has spared no
expense to have the best treatment possible.”

Ryoko gave a single nod to Kabuto’s sad understanding expression. “As expected. Well,
when something comes to your mind, something I could help with, something that would
help Shin-kun, please let me know.”

“Oh, you are convinced that something will come up?”

“Hn. I know you, Kabuto-san. You will not stop here, with subpar medicine that works. You
will look for ways to improve it. How to make it better. How to make it superior. That is the
kind of person you are.”

“Huh. You do know me,” Kabuto whispered before hiding any honest expression there might
be behind his sharp smirk. “So happens I have started working on… something…”

“Hn. I shall wait for your progress in anticipation,” Ryoko gave a nod as if placing a seal on
their deal. “Now to the important part of this meeting - food.”

━━━━━━━━━━

Two weeks later.

Today was not a great day. Ryoko sighed as she put the last documents inside the archive
cabinet, placed a security seal tag on it, and walked back towards the Hokage office. She
spent three hours dealing with this mess and it was already past midnight. There appears to
be a worrying syndicate gathering up north of the Fire nation border.

Konoha teams just started to investigate the group, which brought mountains of reports to
Ryoko. She had to sort and judge what was important and what was not. Meanwhile, Minato
was still constipating on making a decision about a trafficking group Konoha spies
uncovered. She sighed deeply.

They really couldn’t wait any longer. The more time passes with Konoha staying neutral, the
more people, their people, become victims. Yet, one cannot just drop into the snake pit alone.
Otherwise, slippery prey like that could escape and create a new den elsewhere. If Konoha
were to attack, they had to make sure to get the entirety of this gang, or their efforts to stop
the disappearances would be futile.

She entered a dimly lit room and sighed again. Minato was still here. Hunched over his desk,
staring at the document in front of him. And to her surprise, the man had a half-empty bottle



of sake next to him. ANBU guards were released. Minato was clearly hiding this moment of
weakness from his soldiers.

Ryoko sighed again. Focus. Be polite and supportive. A Hokage with a broken spirit will be
of no use to Konoha… she thought to herself. It would be too easy for Ryoko to use her sharp
tongue on a vulnerable Minato. She was tempted to rip him to shreds.

Silently she closed the door and approached the desk. He didn’t acknowledge her presence.
Ryoko frowned and circled around the desk to stand on Minato’s left side. Still nothing.
Mildly annoyed, she dropped the stack of papers from her hands on the desk. Now, the
Hokage flinched. “Time to go home, Minato,” she said.

Over the months, Ryoko and he started to refer to each other on a first-name basis when in
the privacy of these four walls. It was like a sign of respect they had for each other.

Minato didn’t respond, although his blond head slightly nodded. She watched with interest as
his hand slowly rose up towards her. What is he… Ryoko managed to think before the man
finished his action. Honestly, young Uchiha hime was so surprised that she didn’t even react
when his hand landed on the back side of her thigh slightly stroking up and down.

Well. That just happened.

“Kushina… I am so tired… I really should go…” Minato muttered under his breath.

Ryoko pointedly cleared her through. It seemed that the great Yellow Flash of the Leaf was
so drunk, that he didn’t even recognize his own wife. Honestly, Ryoko was mildly amused by
the prospect of just how bad Minato will feel when he does realize his mistake.

Aaaaand, there it is. Blue eyes looked up. For a second they looked clouded, until widening
to comical size. Ryoko curved her eyebrow as if saying ‘what the fuck, Minato?’. The man
urgently pulled his hand away. In fact, he was so flustered to get away as fast as possible, that
he fell down from his chair with a loud thud.

Ryoko sighed. Again. “Should I be concerned about Kushina-san coming to assassinate me?”
the woman joked. What else could you do in an awkward situation like this one.

“I-I-I.. Am sooooo sorry!” Minato spluttered as he crawled back to his chair. Face red, eyes
filled with fear. Although, it was not clear if the man was more afraid of her or his wife.

“No harm done. Nothing happened,” she assured him. The wise decision would be to take
away the alcohol and force the man to go home and rest. But she was not his mother. Nor was
she his wife. So Ryoko did what a true colleague would do - she poured herself a glass of
sake and sipped slowly while leaning on the window still.

The blond looked relieved, as he buried his face into his hands. “Hundred and fifty-three,”
she heard him whisper.

“Hn?”



“That’s how many we managed to track down as being missing and likely kidnapped by
them.”

“Aaahh.”

“How did we miss it? Why did no one notice this sooner?”

“We know about it now.”

“Indeed,” this time, Minato’s voice was stronger. He looked up at her and she saw steel in the
blue depths. Here he is, the Hokage she knows him to be. The man let a deep breath of air
before he sagged back into his chair. A full cup loosely held between his fingers. “And I
sincerely apologize for my actions…”

“Hn.”

Minato was all over the place. One minute he’s drunk. The next he’s flirting with her. Then
reality hits and he breaks down for a second. Then he is back to his polite self like nothing
happened. And people still say that women are dramatic!

“Enough about work. How are you doing, Ryoko?” he smiled. Was this a desperate attempt to
change the subject? Yes. Yes, it was and both of them were aware of it.

“Hn. Same as always.”

“Hmmm. You work too much.”

“So do you.”

“Ha! Yes, I guess you are right,” his honest laugh could light up the room even in the dead of
night. Ryoko could not stop the infectious smirk that spread onto her face as well.

“Obviously,” she remarked shamelessly.

“Soooo. Tell me, Ryoko, why don’t you date anyone now that you are in the village more?”

This again. After Itachi announced his decision about her arranged marriage being canceled,
Mikoto got even more persistent with inquiries about Ryoko’s love life. Her mother, for some
reason, thought that without an arrangement, Ryoko would stay alone forever. She was
probably right, but that did not bother Uchiha hime one bit.

“I care very little about such trivial things as dating,” she replied simply.

“I see. Do you like men at all?”

“Some,” instantly in her mind appeared some of the males she fantasizes about. However,
Ryoko never thought of dating any of them. There was only one person she ever even
considered dating and we all know how that ended…

“So why not, then?”



Minato asked in full seriousness and honesty. There was no malice or ridicule in his voice.
No pressure to do anything, unlike when Mikoto whined about this subject. The man was
simply curious. And this was not the first time the two of them delved into deep conversation
with each other. Despite how different they were, both Minato and Ryoko share one core trait
- they are bluntly honest.

So Ryoko gave this question a thought. Why not? She knew there were people who would be
open to dating her. Like Ibiki. Even Genma showed interest a few months ago during her
birthday. And they were acceptable enough to be considered.

So, why not?

“Dating is not something I feel an urge to do. And to date someone simply because society
expects people my age to date? Well, I only do things that I want to do. If I cared about
people's expectations of me, I would not be where I am now.”

“Hmmm. I met Kushina very young… I cannot imagine my life without her. Isn’t it… lonely
for you?” Minato asked again after emptying his glass.

“Lonely is the way of a shinobi. It is the way of Uchiha as well. It is the way of prodigies like
myself and my brother. I don’t think another person could change that.”

Minato hummed as he looked outside the window. It felt like the man wanted to say
something, but he kept his silence. He probably realized that Ryoko was right like she always
is. They both continued to drink until the bottle was empty.

━━━━━━━━━━

The next day Ryoko had already forgotten about her Hokage’s drunken blunder. He
apparently didn’t as the man refused to make any eye contact with her. A clear mind put
yesterday's actions into perspective for the blond. Ryoko enjoyed his pain. Serves him right.

Unfortunately, Minato found a better way to avoid her.

“Diplomatic visit to Suna?” she raised an eyebrow after reading the scroll she was given.

“Yes! I do want us to have joint chunin exams in a few years. Suna suffered greatly during
the last war. They need allies. We can start building a relationship with them and they won’t
be able to decline,” he explained. The words made sense. The idea was sound. Although,
Ryoko could not shake the feeling that Minato simply wanted her out of his sight.

“Hn,” she agreed without questioning the man too much. It will be refreshing to visit
Sunagakure publically without the intention of killing someone.

“Oh, and you’ll need an escort. I know just the person,” the spark in Minato’s eyes was
menacing.

Oh no, he didn’t… Ryoko gasped internally, while her face scrunched only ever so slightly to
show a healthy dose of her ire.



Oh yes, I did… was written clear as day on the man's face.

Early the next day Ryoko and Kakashi set out from Konoha on their week-long journey to the
Land of Sand. “Do you think Minato-san is still scheming something?” she asked.

“Mmm. Most definitely,” Kakashi looked rather distracted, but at least now, outside the
village, they didn’t have to pretend. So Ryoko snorted and gave a playful punch to the man's
ribs.

“Focus. I’d rather avoid any manipulations.”

“Hn. Right, same...”

Ryoko frowned slightly. Kakashi was in one of his moods where he shuts down like a clam.
Something was definitely bothering her friend, but if he was not willing to talk about it, she
would not push him. For now. Kakashi may be closed off most of the time, but he never
allowed it to affect his work. That’s all that mattered to Ryoko.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Nobody can resist the Uchiha charms 😂😊💕

Now I wonder, who could Ryoko meet in Suna? 😈😊

Or will Kakashi finally cave?



Chapter 60: Please, stay...
Chapter Notes

Ryoko in her jonin uniform ^^






Art Reference

Why him? Why did it always have to be him? Sure, to let Ryoko go alone to Suna, where
Konoha shinobi are not regarded well, would not be wise. But why does it have to be HIM
going with HER? Kakashi sighed and turned to the village gates they were approaching.

“Ryoko-hime!” the pair stopped and looked back to find Kabuto Yakushi briskly walking
towards them.

“Go ahead, I’ll catch up,” Ryoko said to him before moving towards Kabuto.

Kakashi’s eye narrowed slightly, but the man finally complied and walked ahead. He will just
have to ask Ryoko later what this was about. She would answer him… she always does…
Right? And that is exactly what the Copy Nin did when they finally left Konoha.



“Kabuto? Oh, he heard I was leaving to Suna for a while so he wanted to give me a letter.”

A letter? … Why? … What for? … Was there something more between them? Kakashi felt like
he was getting sick as his thoughts spiraled. The fact that he hadn’t slept since sensei gave
him this mission was not helping either. How could he sleep knowing that he will be alone
with Ryoko for a week? Just the two of them… together… Now the fatigue threatened to
cloud his judgment.

They continued to run together in silence. This was reminiscent of their work in ANBU.
Kakashi tried to distract himself with over vigilance. That worked until they crossed the
border to Wind Country.

It was hot.

Even in December. Too hot for Kakashi’s sanity. He glanced at Ryoko once in a while. She
had yet to show any signs of discomfort. Part of him hoped to see her out of her regular long
attire. Another part of him was not surprised that she could bear the heat. Uchiha were known
katon users after all…

“The wind has changed,” Ryoko said and stopped on top of the sandy dune.

“Hmmm. Sandstorm is approaching,” Kakashi agreed when he landed next to her. These
were the basic signs every shinobi traveling to Suna learned. Traveling during a sandstorm
was basically suicidal. Kakashi and Ryoko had no choice but to look for shelter. “There!” he
pointed towards a cavernous opening some meters away just as the wind intensified carrying
loose sand up to the sky.

“Hn.”

They found a tiny cave. Better than nothing. There was one time when Kakashi had to spend
two hours laid on sand, covered with a blanket. Just out in the open during a storm.
Remembering that mission, a cave sounded divine. While Ryoko started a fire, he covered the
entrance gap with a cloth to prevent wind and sand from blowing inside. Finally, he settled
down, back resting on the ragged surface of the stone wall.

“Soo… Kabuto, huh?”

“Hn? What about him?”

“Nothing…” Kakashi muttered, averting his eye. Really. What was he thinking asking Ryoko
about her personal life? Well, that’s what friends do? “Anyways, aren’t you with Ibiki?”

“Ibiki?” Ryoko looked at him slightly puzzled and wasn’t that a rare reaction to see on her
face. “Hn. No, I am not.”

“Oh.”

“Hn.”

“...”



She is not with Ibiki… SHE IS NOT WITH IBIKI! Kakashi wanted to laugh aloud but
somehow suppressed that urge. That means his prior suspicions were correct. That also
means that Kabuto is his new rival. Kakashi stayed silent as he considered his options, while
the winds of the storm raged on outside.

━━━━━━━━━━

Due to the sand storm, it took them a bit longer to reach Sunagakure. Ryoko was just glad
that they finally could have a hot meal instead of the ration bars in the cave. As the two of
them approached the gates, the sun started its decline. Ryoko brushed a stray sand crystal
from her vest shoulder and stopped at the entrance.

“Your identification,” a grumpy-looking guard said when they finally arrived. His eyes
instantly spotted their leaf headbands. The expression on this shinobi’s face spoke clearly -
they were not welcome in Sunagakure.

“A message from Hokage of the Leaf to your leader,” Ryoko announced, showing the scroll
with a kage level seal on it.

“...tree huggers… coming here… better than everyone...” the man muttered under his breath,
after inspecting the seal. Then he turned and left to send a messenger.

Kakashi by her side was casually flipping pages of his book, while Ryoko stood tall, arms
crossed over her chest, unphased by the cold shoulder of the local shinobi. After minutes of
waiting another shinobi finally showed up. He introduced himself as Baki. He was an odd
man. Half of his face was covered with a veil of white fabric that seemed to serve no actual
purpose.

Baki cordially announced that a meeting with Kazekage was set to happen only in two days.
How charming. Were the shinobi here really thinking they could come up with a strategy
during that time? Or was this simply to annoy her? Of course, the man explained it as giving
the travelers some time to rest after their journey.

Fools! I'll go a full tourist mode for those paranoid bastards... she thought to herself as they
were escorted to their logins. Politely, Ryoko didn’t activate her sharingan, even covertly
under her fringe. But the instinct was strong within her. Kami forbid they had some
Byakugan level kekkei genkai and would notice her actions. Surely, they would take it as an
act of aggression.

Hmm… I will have to apologize to father… who would have thought that experience from
those silly Uchiha trips without using any jutsu would come in handy now... she continued to
muse.

“Have a nice evening,” Baki finally said as he turned to leave. They were left in a room with
two single beds in the heart of the village.

“So far, so good,” Kakashi gave his annoying eye smile at her. Clearly implying that he had
doubts about her self-control.



“Idiot…” she tried to give him a jab, but the man easily evaded her halfhearted punch. Ryoko
stretched arms over her head with a wide yawn. “You look like shit. Go to sleep, so we can
explore tomorrow.”

“Yes, mommy,” Kakashi laughed in response but quickly vacated to the bathroom without
any other remarks.

“What a weirdo,” she shrugged. Kakashi has been acting strange ever since their mission
started. With a sigh, she pushed her thoughts aside and settled on one of the beds. She finally
had the time to read over Kabuto’s instructions.

Apparently, after hearing about her trip to Suna, the young medic found a way how she could
help with Shin’s condition. It’s said that there is a special rose cactus in this part of the desert.
It usually acts as a poison, but if prepared correctly, can aid with blood diseases. Ryoko
memorized the drawing of the plant and went to wash up after Kakashi returned.

Sleep came to her easily. Mostly because she felt safe being in the same room with Kakashi.
Nobody would be stupid enough to attack the Copy Ninja Kakashi and Konoha’s Midnight
Dragon, as they called her in the Bingo books.

Feeling well-rested, Ryoko awoke with the first rays of the sun. She looked around the room.
No spies or guards or assassins inside. Kakashi was still asleep in his own bed, covered
completely with the white blanket. There was also a visible ‘tent’ around his crotch area.
Carefully, not to wake him, she went to wash up and get dressed.

“Morning,” she said, returning to the room. Kakashi’s active chakra alerted her of him being
already awake. As their eyes met, Ryoko could swear she heard the man curse under his
breath, and then he shunshinned out of the room.

“Seriously?” she deadpanned looking outside the window in the direction she guessed he fled
to. “What an idiot. Does he even realize that I grew up with brothers and my team had only
males? What a drama queen.” Ryoko shook her head, amused by the man's shyness. As if he
had something she hadn't seen before.

It looks like she will have to do the exploring solo. Without wasting any more time, Ryoko
put on her vest and left the room. It appeared that local people started their day very early.
Probably due to the heat of the daytime. Looking around shops and vendor stalls, she walked
slowly and fully aware of the local ANBU tracking her every move from a distance.

Ryoko’s nose picked up on a savory scent she had not smelled before. In the end, she found a
local delicacy shop of fried scorpions. As she munched on the crunchy bastards, her eyes
closed, but unfortunately not from the pleasure tender meat gave her.

That is when she felt it. The malicious chakra she had the most unpleasant encounter with
back in Konoha. It was not exactly the same as the big bad fox. Nor was it like the chakra
within Rin. This one felt… like chaos. Like a bloodthirsty mania that is sucking you in like a
twister. It was big and foul and out of control. The woman looked around for the plausible
vessel of such a weapon. Discretely as if simply admiring her surroundings.



"Of course it's a kid," she sighed when her eyes stopped at a short figure with red hair. You
couldn't miss him. People parted before him, avoiding his gaze like plague. Locals were
scared shitless of this tiny little child. Not older than her brother.

She wanted to look at the boy with her sharingan, but that sounded like a bad idea with
ANBU tracking her every move. So Ryoko let it go and walked in the opposite direction. The
strange thing was, that after this minor encounter, the woman could not shake the feeling that
someone else was watching her now. Someone, she could not spot with her senses.

“How troublesome,” Ryoko sighed. For now, she decided to continue acting as a curious
tourist. If nothing else, just to unnerve the people watching her. Yeah, you better rack your
heads guessing what me buying this souvenir means!! MUHAHHAHA!... the woman laughed
hysterically in her mind as she paid for the little trinkets with a serene smile.

When Ryoko returned to their logins, her new stalker followed. Strangely enough, Kakashi
was nowhere to be seen. “Are you kidding me?” the woman sighed. That idiot was still
avoiding her! That’s it! If he does not return by the end of the day tomorrow, I’m going to
hunt him down myself! she vowed before falling asleep alone.

It’s safe to say that with the addition of a stalker and a lack of a certain masked shinobi, her
night was restless. Ryoko awoke suddenly, just before the sun even rose to the sky. Would
Madara-sama allow himself to be watched as a dog? No, he definitely would not.

With her resolution clear, Ryoko reverted to her ANBU training. At the same instant, she
created a full clone and masked her own chakra completely. To any sensors watching, it
would look like a blink of chakra, like a heartbeat. Something any shinobi would write off as
a momentary loss of focus.

Ryoko sent her clone to continue exploring the city, while her original self hid under a
genjutsu not far behind to locate her stalker. Interestingly enough, ANBU followed the clone,
but the stalker was not fooled. Young Uchiha princess started to go in a different direction
from her clone and the stalker followed.

After an hour she finally spotted him. Or should she say it. An eye made of sand in the sky
watching her. Then it vanished as if scattered by the wind. Alright, you got my attention… she
smirked. With help of sharingan she saw and memorized the chakra signature. Now to only
find its source.

Ryoko frowned. The next moment she found herself approaching the child against her better
judgment. It was the same kid from yesterday. The jinchuriki of Sunagakure. The child
walked slowly until he stopped in what looked like a playground. Deserted one.

━━━━━━━━━━

Gaara watched the woman his mother spoke off. She felt strong. Mother was rather curious
about her. For the first time in his short life, mother didn’t urge him to kill the woman. That
in turn got Gaara’s curiosity. He was not scared of the strong chakra signature. He was scared
of no one. That is why he allowed the woman to find him.



“Who are you?” he asked with his voice sounding scratchy from disuse.

“Maa, don’t be rude, kid. I wasn’t the one peeping,” she answered, approaching him. Clearly,
the woman was not local and didn’t know of his reputation. Yet. She didn’t seem afraid or
hesitant as the distance between them melted until his sand swirled protectively around Gaara
to signal a boundary not to be crossed.

Still, the woman approached closer and squatted in front of him, eye to eye.

“I… I am Sabaku no Gaara.”

Sheeee has met my brother!!! I can taste his chara in her flesh!!!

Mother's voice was a mixture of maniacal glee and curiosity. Brother? Is this woman…
related to mother? Is she… related to me?... Is she… family?...

“Hn. Uchiha Ryoko,” she introduced. Piercing red eyes stared right at his own pupils.
Uchiha? The clan of genjutsu masters… Gaara thought to himself recalling all that he learned
of this last name and their clan. Yet, despite his knowledge, he defiantly refused to close his
eyes. The sand will protect him, he was sure of it. Mother stayed quiet and the silence in his
head was deafening.

“...” he said nothing, just continued to stare.

“So, why are you following me around, kid?”

“Mother said so.”

“Oh? Well, I would love to meet your mother if she is so curious,” the woman smiled and it
was a smile Gaara had never seen before. It was not the fake smile Temari would give him.
Nor the smile filled with grief Yashamaru used to give him. It was… it was… sincere and
cold and sent shivers down his spine. Gaara aww’ed for a long minute.

NO! Keep away from her!!!

Mother whispered rather loudly, but Gaara was even more curious now. “Mother said she
doesn’t want to see you.”

“Is your mother here right now?” Ryoko asked again, her eyes didn’t leave him, but he could
sense the woman’s chakra spreading around the perimeter with his ever-present sand.

“Mother…” Gaara instinctively hovered a hand over his belly. Mother was always with him.
He didn’t have to explain any further as the woman gave him a nod of understanding.

“I see… Mother you say? Does she speak in your head?”

“Yes… She said… she said you met her brother...”

The woman laughed. “Well, I hate to disappoint you, my little bloodthirsty stalker, but that is
not your mother speaking to you,” Gaara flinched from the nickname. Sure, the local people



called him many names, but when they did, it didn’t sound so… fond? So gentle?

Then he processed her actual statement. “What do you mean?” he demanded. Mother was
silent.

“Have you heard of the tailed beasts, Gaara-kun?”

“The… tailed... beasts?”

━━━━━━━━━━

Well. Who could blame Ryoko for sharing this supposedly secret knowledge? More than
anything, she hated people who are unaware. That is bound to cause problems one way or the
other. So, she told him the age-old tale of how the tailed beast came to be. How people
learned to seal them away. How jinchuriki were created.

“I… am a jinchuriki?” the boy muttered after a pause. They were sitting together on a dune
just outside of Sunagakure.

“Hn. From my knowledge, you should have a one-tailed beast inside of you.”

“So… it is not mother talking to me?”

“Hn, correct. You are a bright kid for your age and surprisingly calm all things considered,”
Ryoko praised with half a smile. Hell, Gaara already grew on her. He was a small kid but a
surprisingly strong chakra holder. And his intelligence was rather refreshing. She didn’t look
inside his mind out of respect and well… dealing with an outraged murderous beast was not
on her to-do list today. One fox was enough for a lifetime.

Gaara brought knees to his chest and hugged them. He looked deceivingly vulnerable right
now. “Father… blames me for killing mother…”

“Oh? Did you kill her?”

“She.. died because I was born…”

“Well, then you are not at fault,” Ryoko said simply. The boy looked up with disbelief so she
decided to elaborate. “Did you choose to be conceived? Did you decide to be born into this
world? No, you did not. The only people to blame are the ones who decided to create you and
didn’t make sure to provide medical services to your mother.”

The young boy looked stunned. As if she just told him about being a reincarnate herself or
some other world-shattering fact. Ryoko smiled at his childish wonder and patted Gaara on
the head. “Don’t think you are unique or special. These things happen all the time. A lot of
mothers die during childbirth and that does not mean that their babies killed them. It was
simply their time to go.”

“To go?”

“Yes. To move on to their next life.”



Gaara scooted closer to her side when Ryoko retracted her hand. Ahh, he looked starved for
touch, she gathered. What harm could this do, was Ryoko’s thought when she decided to hug
him. Gaara reminded her of Sasuke and it made her cold heart sting. She would cuddle with
her little brother just like this. To think that a bright mind like this was so neglected because
of the adults' bitterness? Unforgivable.

“You feel… like mother…” Gaara’s whisper left Ryoko shocked. Until a laugh bubbled to the
surface from her lungs.

“Mother? Me? My my, I didn’t know you had a sense of humor.”

The boy smiled at her for the first time. She was not even distracted by the dark bags under
his eyes. The cautious smile made his whole face look alive. He did not comment or deny
making a joke and they left it at that. Both believing their own truth on the matter. “Kid,
could you help me with something?”

“What?”

“I am looking for this cactus. Have you seen it by any chance?” she asked, showing him the
picture from Kabuto’s letter that she kept in her vest’s pocket.

“That is Flesh of God,” Gaara said casually and nodded. “I know where they grow.”

━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi was mortified. And afraid. So he slept the next night on the roof, admiring the stars.
To think that on their first mission together after a while, he would see Ryoko first thing in
the morning with a rock hard… Just after having yet another dream of her… The man
shuttered about how she will react when he finally dares to face her.

Ryoko clearly noticed, but he didn’t wait around to see her reaction.

It was silly to avoid her, but the man needed time to come to grips with himself and… take
care of his situation. After a day apart, he felt ready to face a no doubt annoyed Uchiha. He
was not a hundred percent sure that his body would not betray him again, but… he also knew
better than to avoid her forever.

It was time to face the music.

On the second day of their stay, just when the sun dawned, he returned in hopes that she
would be already asleep. The light coming from behind their room door said otherwise. He
took a breath and entered.

“Hn. So the prodigal son returns,” Ryoko commented and flipped another page of a book she
was reading. Yet it was not her ‘warm’ greeting that left the man rooted in place, where he
stood. There was a small redhead child sleeping on Ryoko’s lap on her bed. To complete this
bizarre picture, there was also sand scattered all around her bed and on the floor around it.

“What the FUCK?” he signed in ANBU hand gestures so as to not wake the child. Carefully
he approached with silent steps. As he got closer, the sand swirled to life, warning him to not



come too close.

Ryoko ignored the sand and with her free hand combed through the boy’s hair. The sand fell
back to the ground dormant again. Looks like the sand was connected to the boy, acting on its
own will… That was no regular ninjutsu… And there were not many who could do that…

Kakashi wanted to gasp and facepalm at the same time. “Seriously? Is that…” he signed
again.

Ryoko gave him a coy smile. “Yup!” she signed back at him. “That is Kazekage’s son and the
jinchuriki of Sunagakure.”

Kakashi turned around and left for the bathroom. He could not deal with this without taking a
cold cold shower. Ignoring the fact that there was a jinchuriki and Kazekage’s offspring in
their room, he could not brush away the sight of Ryoko with a child. It looked so… so right.

To think that one day she would have her own children… she could have his… Kakashi
never before considered this far into his imaginary delusions of life with Ryoko. A.. family?
With… Ryoko? She would have to be pregnant with his children…

“Kami, give me strength…” he muttered into the cold water washing over his head.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko woke up finally well-rested again and… oh. Gaara was still sleeping by her side. The
boy confessed to her yesterday that he was afraid to sleep because of the monster within him.
He asked to stay and she allowed it. She assured him that next to her he had nothing to fear.
Gaara showed an extraordinary level of trust by believing her declaration.

She looked around the room. Kakashi was already up, dressed, and reading by the window.
For now, she decided to continue ignoring his weird behavior. They could sort out his
insecurities back in Konoha.

“Gaara, it’s time to wake up,” she gently brushed her hand over the red locks. He stirred and
opened his eyes slowly. Again, that careful smile graced his face. Oh! Don’t you dare call me
that again! she mentally threatened. Her thoughts probably translated to her expression, as
the boy smiled slightly wider, but thankfully, didn’t say anything.

“Chem. Our meeting is in fifteen minutes,” Kakashi cleared his throat without even giving
them a second glance. Gaara gave her companion a stare that clearly sent daggers. Ryoko
laughed as she ruffled his bedhead.

“Now now, my bloodthirsty friend, be nice to Bakashi here, he is a dear friend of mine.”

“Alright,” reluctantly Gaara nodded. He was a good kid if only people gave him a chance and
guidance. If only Suna had someone like her precious sensei to guide the young jinchuriki.

In a couple of minutes, Ryoko changed and the three walked outside together. Gaara insisted
on showing them the way to the Kazekage tower. His tiny hand grasped to her sleeve as they



walked down the street. Ryoko almost laughed when she felt the ANBU watching them tense
and scatter.

Surprise surprise, Rasa was not amused either. His eyes almost bulged out of his skull, when
he saw his son with Ryoko. She smiled in response. “Now, Gaara-kun, thank you for showing
us the way. I’ll see you later,” she said before even greeting the Kazekage.

The boy gave a single nod with a faint smile and left, completely ignoring Rasa. Ryoko
finally turned her diplomatic expression at the boy’s father. “Thank you for having us,
Kazekage-sama,” she bowed politely and Kakashi followed.

Oh! The expression on Rasa’s face was priceless. It looked like he wanted to scream and
make a tantrum, but thankfully, he was a competent leader to swallow that urge. The man
bowed his head a few millimeters and motioned to the meeting room.

Just when they were settling in behind a long table, Suna’s council members entered and
what followed could be described as a feral old bats attack. A gray-haired old lady jumped
straight towards Kakashi with a war cry going something along the lines of ‘WHITE FANG!
MY SON’S KILLER!!!’.

It took everything for Ryoko not to activate her eyes. Not that she doubted Kakashi’s skills to
defend himself. To protect her comrade was simply a bone-hard instinct by now. Instead,
Rasa’s sand restrained the old lady. “CHIYO! Look again! That is not the White Fang,” the
man hissed at her with no small level of disdain for the moniker.

Kakashi acted all cool and collected, with an aloof eye smile. It was a bit disturbing for
Ryoko to see. Right. White Fang was his father and it always was a touchy subject to
Kakashi. Even if they never spoke about it, she still heard of the tales while they were
growing up. They were not great. If she recalls correctly, she was only two when his father
passed...

Back to the present, the old bat, Chiyo, squinted and gasped. “You… you are right… but
how… you must be…” she babbled on, while Ryoko and Kakashi utterly ignored her,
instead, taking their places behind the table.

Rasa’s sand finally fell with a deep sigh from the man. “That is his son, Hatake Kakashi.”

“I see…” the woman got her composure back rather quickly. Then, her eyes narrowed on
Ryoko. The woman smiled in response angelically. At least that’s what she thought, but by
the way how most people in the room shivered, the effect was opposite.

“Uchiha Ryoko, it’s a pleasure,” she introduced herself as no one else spoke in the tense
silence.

“An Uchiha…” Chiyo glanced between her and Rasa. “You are having Hatake’s spawn AND
Madara’s reincarnate here? Do you wish for an early death so strongly??” the old bat
accused.



Rasa’s jaw tensed. He ignored the old woman and bowed slightly to Ryoko and Kakashi
instead. “My apologies for… the decorum of my council,” he pushed the words out with
great effort.

“Oh, no worries at all!” Ryoko chirped happily before turning to Chiyo. “Thank you. That is
the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me,” Ryoko said in all honesty.

“Right. Let us begin then,” Rasa cleared his throat. There came the end to all the fun and
diplomatic babble had to begin. In her mind, Ryoko applauded Minato for the choice of
shinobi for this mission. This was like a gentle reminder that Konoha's elite could and would
kill their leader if need be.

━━━━━━━━━━

The rest of their stay in Suna was rather tame in comparison. Gaara kept her company and
continued to sleep with Ryoko as she didn’t mind his presence. The boy, unlike others his
age, was calm and not loud, which she could deal with just fine. Even Kakashi acted more
normally. In no time at all, they were already sprinting back to Konoha.

“Report,” Minato ordered after a short greeting.

“As suspected, they are struggling with getting missions in turn not gathering enough funds
for the village. They are struggling. They also harbor bad blood towards Konoha, so I
strongly believe that we have to act before they do something stupid,” Ryoko said.

Kakashi gave her an eloquent glance that was not missed by Minato. “Aaand?” Hokage
pushed.

“Well, during our stay, it so happened, completely by accident, that we...”

“You,” Kakashi corrected with a poorly timed cough.

“We ran into their jinchuriki.”

“Right, of course, you did,” the blond looked at the ceiling.

“From what I could tell, the boy is unstable. Like a ticking time bomb. His seal is rather poor
or defective, but an expert could give you more details,” Ryoko continued, ignoring the two
men and their exasperation. It’s not like she sought out Gaara herself. Well, technically she
did, but that is not the point.

“Hmmm. Do you think they intend on using a tailed beast?” now Minato was serious.
Memories of the nine-tails fox could never be fully forgotten. If they could prevent
something like that from happening again, Namikaze would be the first one to advocate for it.

“Hn. I believe the worst might come whether they want it or not.”

“I see. I’ll have a word with Jiraiya after I get your written report.”



“Yes, Hokage-sama,” Ryoko and Kakashi bowed at the same time and left. It was nice to be
back home. Finally, everything could go back to how it was before. Again, Ryoko decided
not to push the matter with Kakashi’s behavior just yet.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko looked at the dried blood splattered on the Hounds mask and wondered if there was
any emotion hiding behind it. She, herself showed none as she listened on to the report from
team Ro captain.

“Mission complete,” Kakashi’s emotionless voice announced after he finished with the
details. Finally, Minato decided to take care of the trafficking ring they were investigating. It
turned out that the group was kidnapping people for organ trafficking. What was worse, the
victims were kept alive in a vegetative state, while their body parts were harvested.
Completely brain dead. All hundred and ten of them.

Following the protocol and morals, their ANBU team killed every single one of the victims.
In total, their kill count for the mission was over one hundred and fifty, counting the bandits.
Ryoko guessed that even for her it would not have been an emotionally easy task to complete,
so naturally, she was a bit concerned for her more sensitive friend.

That is why, after her work in the tower, Ryoko went to Kakashi’s apartment to check on him.
Or at least to force-feed him something. Food always makes things better.

“Kakashi, I’m coming in. It’s Ryoko,” she announced herself just in case. To no one's
surprise, she found the man sitting on his living room floor looking rather catatonic. She
sighed.

“Up we go, into the shower,” she whispered, tugging him back on his feet. He was like a doll
in her hands. But this was their job as a shinobi. With all the perks and grievances included.
One could only manage the aftermath. That is all they could do.

She guided Kakashi into his bathroom and left him to clean up, with a change of clothing left
on the sink counter. Ryoko waited outside, leaning on the wall, just in case he took too long.
It came easy to her to go back into their old ways of carrying for one another after ANBU
missions.

After a good twenty minutes, the man finally emerged with a white mist behind him. Water
slowly dripped from his gray hair onto the floor. His eyes looked distant. Cloudy.

“Better now?” she asked.

No response. The woman frowned and approached him. “Come, you need to rest,” she tried
to tug him by the sleeve, but Kakashi pulled his arm away from her grip.

“Please... Stop…” she heard him whisper.

“Hn?”

“Why… do you have to be like this to me? Please… stop…”



“What? I didn’t do anything,” Ryoko instantly responded with a frown. Kakashi was making
no sense. His mind seemed to be far away right now. Eyes dazed. Maybe he is confused from
the lack of sleep, she wondered to herself.

Then he leaned in and rested his forehead to hers. Kakashi was allowed this closeness only
because of their years of friendship, but it didn’t mean that Ryoko was comfortable with it.
She just stared into his different color eyes from up close, waiting for what he would say
next.

He said nothing.

“You have a fever,” she finally remarked after noticing the heat coming from where their skin
touched.

He said nothing.

Ryoko decided that she will not take this shit any longer. With a sigh, Uchiha-hime pulled
away and dragged Kakashi to his room. Just like many times before, she made him lay down
after pushing pillows into a more reasonable position.

Maybe Gaara was right about her. She does act like a mother sometimes. She could just leave
him be, but… Damn her good nature, however small it was. It didn’t feel right to leave him
alone tonight. Ryoko glanced at the floor. Once, she slept there and it was no fun.

Well… He’ll just have to deal with it… she thought pushing him a bit to the side, to make
some space for herself on the bed. She wouldn’t have to do any of this if only Kakashi
summoned his pack to keep him company. But you have to do what you have to do in cases
like these. That is what friends are for...?

━━━━━━━━━━

Early in the morning, Ryoko opened her eyes in the familiar bedroom. Right. The mission.
Kakashi being all broken and sick. Memories flooded her sleepy head slowly. Just as she tried
to get up, the woman finally noticed that something was preventing her from doing so.

“Ohh….” she whispered, noticing that Kakashi was hugging her from behind. WHO DOES
HE THINK I AM? Some plush toy?

“Please, stay…” she heard a ragged voice next to her ear and it actually sent a weird shiver
down her spine.

In all these years Ryoko never once considered that Kakashi could be this touch starved. Very
much like Gaara. A silly assumption on her part, really. When she thought more about it, why
would Kakashi not be touched starved being the lone orphan and all?

Ryoko recalled all those times she would cuddle with Itachi… or Sasuke… or even father on
some occasion. Kakashi had no one. He didn’t have a father. A mother. Siblings. He grew up
without feeling the protective warmth of a family. Shit… that’s... She couldn’t put it into
words, but she did feel a deep sadness on Kakashi’s behalf.



The least she could do, as his friend, was to give him the warmth he was denied from
childhood. That was the right thing to do. And well, cuddling was not something Ryoko was
against, she realized. With people that are close to her, of course.

“Alright…” she muttered a response and closed her eyes again.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 61: Fireworks
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Mmm… It’s getting worse - it feels like I can smell her right next to me… not that it’s a bad
thing… he thought to himself. Indeed, there was a strong scent all around his personal space.
The painfully familiar scent. The smell that always reminds him of home and warmth.
Basking in this fake sensation concocted by his brain, Kakashi tried to keep a grasp on this
feeling for as long as possible.

Kakashi hadn’t slept this well in a long time. He snuggled closer to his pillow, to avoid the
beam of sunlight hitting the back of his head. It was warm and oh so cozy. Maybe a good
night's sleep was all he needed? Or maybe the odd dream he had helped with the horrors of
his last mission. And what a dream it was! Kakashi had the weirdest dream last night. Of
course, it had Ryoko in it, like his every dream. Some parts were obviously hazy, yet he
clearly recalled how Ryoko stepped into his dream, like an angel descending from the
heavens.

She was there, in his home, caring for him… Always so kind to him… He wasn’t worthy of
it. And her attention hurt. She was always so good to him. Too good.

Please... Stop… he thought to himself. If she continued to show him such kindness, Kakashi
was sure that he would break down. Why… do you have to be like this to me? Please… stop…
he thought again. That is the only thing he could do - plead for mercy at her feet.

They were so close to each other in his dream. Face to face. Were Kakashi awake, he could
not handle it, but it was a dream so he relaxed. Then Ryoko pulled away briefly only to take
him by the hand to his bedroom.

Ah, he expected it to be one of those dreams, but no. She tucked him in and that felt even
more intimate than anything else.

Then there was a gap, that faded into another hidden fantasy of his. Ryoko in his arms. By his
side. Please, stay… he desperately thought unwilling to accept an end to his delusion. The
laws of the dream obeyed his will and she stayed.

He sighed, snickering inside his head. What a ridiculous dream, indeed. As if Ryoko would
ever do as he asked. Ryoko… Ryoko… Ryoko… Instinctively Kakashi nuzzled into his
Ryoko substitute pillow. Strange. It almost feels like there’s a pulse within his pillow. Slowly
the man opened his eyes only to see a sea of black hair.

Kakashi froze in his spot despite his first instinct being to teleport away or take out a kunai.
For a long moment, his brain decided to check out. There was complete and buzzing silence
in his head. Absolutely nothing. That warmth. That smell. That dream… Realization finally
hit the man like an earth jutsu - it was not a dream. Ryoko was in his apartment. She helped
him (like always). She was next to him… and he asked her to stay… and she did…



Stay calm… no sudden movements… stay calm! he ordered his trembling fingers that rested
on her waist. Kakashi didn’t know what to do next, except to not startle Ryoko. She could
and would kill him. Prematurely awoken Ryoko was a menace of sannin proportions.

This was actually happening… He was actually… cuddling the real Ryoko! If he weren’t so
petrified with fear, Kakashi would have enjoyed this feeling. Now, however, he could only
hold his breath and hope for the best. The best being, Ryoko not butchering him for his
unconscious actions.

She stirred and turned her head back to look over her shoulder into his eyes.

“Hmm, you’re still burning up. You should see a medic,” Ryoko said. He blinked. Kakashi
didn’t even notice how her hand went up to his forehead.

“… Hn…” an illness was not the cause for his flush, but Ryoko didn’t have to know that. For
once, he was thankful for the woman’s social ineptitude. It looks like she didn’t catch on to
the truth of the matter, writing everything off as a fever dream delusion on his part.

━━━━━━━━━━

When Ryoko finally left Kakashi’s apartment, he still looked dazed, but far more conscious
than yesterday. So obviously cuddling helped. She didn’t mind it either. Warmth was always
better than cold and he was one of her few friends. If this is all it took to help him, might as
well continue doing it.

At least that was Ryoko’s reasoning to invade the copy nin's personal space on a daily basis.
Not like much changed from their usual routine. Outside in the village, they still were cold
and kept the image of a feud going strong.

But inside his apartment, they hang out together like always. Was it sharing a meal or just
silent company while doing their own thing. Kakashi never initiated contact, so Ryoko took it
upon herself. Kami forbid a male would show such weakness. The notion made her laugh.
Yet the fragility of masculinity could not be helped.

She would march straight to him on the sofa and cuddle next to him. One time, he was
sprawled all over the cushions leaving her no space. Well, that just won’t do! she thought to
herself determinedly.

Elegantly Ryoko hopped on the couch and kicked Kakashi’s legs apart. While the man was
still puzzled by her actions, she perched between his legs, back to his chest, and got
comfortable. Yes, this will do… she smiled, internally patting herself on the back.

Without a single word exchanged between them, Ryoko opened a scroll she had to go
through and immersed herself in the dull report, while Kakashi continued to read his Icha
Icha book.

“Do you need help with that?” she asked after a while.

“Hn?” Kakashi hummed from behind.



Ryoko casually wiggled against a hardness she felt at her back. It was only natural for a man
to have such a reaction, so Ryoko didn’t hold it against him. In her past life, she was never
bothered by sex nor was she bothered now. Friends with benefits was a concept she found
logical and understandable.

Just as her hand reached back, she felt Kakashi grip her wrist. “...No, please…” he
whispered.

“Suit yourself,” she only shrugged. Ryoko understood why Kakashi might be against this.
Considering he didn’t like her that way it made sense why he didn’t want this from her.
Although, on a minor level, no matter how much she wanted to deny it, Ryoko was slightly
insulted.

But this was not something she wanted to argue about when it could lead to breaking their
friendship. If cuddles were all that Kakashi needed, cuddles it would be. Friends with cuddle
benefits. To each their own.

━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi felt like he never woke up from his fever dream. What even was his life. Ryoko, the
same girl he lost his mind for, forced him to cuddle with her… As she walked into his
apartment, like it was her own, the man already guessed what her next actions would be. Yet
he could not force himself to run away.

The man just helplessly watched as the things happened, not daring to breathe too loud as if
that action alone would break the illusion. And life went on.

There was a single place where Kakashi could feel at least a semblance of calm now. His
home no longer was his safe haven. The man was not upset over Ryoko’s intense presence
there, but sometimes… On some particularly hard days, he needed time alone to recharge and
remind himself of the vow he made. Otherwise, there was no telling what he could blurt out
the next time she decides to be kind to him.

To offer her help with his hard situation.

So here he was, in Konoha's cemetery, standing over his father's final resting place. He was
about to tell himself for the hundredth time, that all they could be is friends… But who was
he kidding? If things went on like they were going now, he would fail sooner rather than later.

“Father… I… cannot take this any longer…. if she continues to be in my space like this I will
do something stupid. The only solution is to confess.” A simple idea. A simple thought. Yet
Kakashi was on his wit's end. If he were to confess, at least then Ryoko would keep her
distance as before. If she didn’t… Kami forbid she suggests again to ‘help him out’. His heart
won’t be able to take it. Even worse - his mind would break completely and he might just
accept the tempting offer.

That day, Kakashi left the cemetery with a lighter mind. He walked sure of himself towards
the Hokage Tower, where he knew Ryoko would be at this time of the day. He stopped by one
of the building pillars, leaning on it to display the casualness he did not possess.



“What?” Ryoko asked when she finally stepped outside after her shift.

“…”

“You are staring, Bakashi,” she remarked.

“…Emm… no nothing…”

No... not today…

━━━━━━━━━━

“Father, yesterday was not the right time… I’ll talk with her today…”

…

Nope, not today either…

━━━━━━━━━━

“Alright. I think this is the day…”

…

I swear, tomorrow…

━━━━━━━━━━

“Ryoko, why is Hatake circling you like a horny moon?” Anko asked as she spotted a very
distinctive head of white hair from her spot at the bar, not for the first time in the near vicinity
of her friend.

“Don’t be ridiculous. That’s just Kaka being Baka,” Ryoko shrugged it off. Anko didn’t
comment further but kept her eye on Hatake. He was definitely plotting something, she could
feel it in her gut.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko could no longer ignore Kakashi and his oddness. If even Anko noticed and pointed it
out, it had to be addressed. Come to think of it, the man has been acting strange even before
their mission to Suna. Was it because of something she did? Or said? Or maybe it is yet
another manipulation by Minato? There was no telling what the blond would dare to do
behind their backs. Whatever it was, Ryoko was getting annoyed at it.

“Kakashi,” she approached the man without hesitation. It was late in the day after her work in
the tower. The masked man she found easily. There were only a few places he could be.
Considering that he was not on a mission or recovering from one, it was only natural to see
him in one of the training grounds. Kakashi stopped his hand signs and gave a salute
greeting.



“Yo.”

“I thought we agreed,” Ryoko went straight to the point as she approached the man. Her arms
were crossed on her chest as usual. Kakashi looked lost, so maybe he did forget…

“Emm… Did we have something planned?” he asked, one hand nervously brushing the back
of his head. Clueless! Completely and utterly ignorant!

She sighed. “I thought we agreed that we would discuss if something came up again. And
something is clearly bothering you in concerns to me.” Her eyes dissected Kakashi’s
microexpressions, but he instantly clammed up after hearing her words.

“Ah…” the man’s eye crinkled into that fake annoying smile. Ryoko was having none of that
today!

“And don’t you dare to deny it! Don’t insult my perception skills,” she cut him off before
Kakashi even thought of an acceptable excuse. The wild wolf was finally cornered and let out
a deep sigh of defeat. His hand dropped to his side, face, not hidden by the mask, relaxed.
Something in his visible eye, something about the way he looked at her, felt calculating.
Cautious.

“Yeah… You’re right…”

“Hn. Obviously.”

The man continued to stare while her patience dwindled. She raised an eyebrow questioning
his silence. Kakashi sighed again. “Alright. I’ll tell you… Tomorrow. Let’s meet on the
mountain.”

Tomorrow is the New Year's festival. Technically, she will have to spend it with her family
like always. Not that she would want to be with anyone else… “Fine. In the evening. I have
obligations to my family during the day.”

“Hn.”

“Hn,” with one last nod of agreement she turned around and left. Easy. Using direct and
simple words wasn’t that hard, so why is she feeling a mild tingling of anxiety in her
stomach? She walked home slowly, letting her mind take into account her physical state and
analyze it.

The most logical explanation was that her worry stems from the unpleasant experience of
their last time trying to talk. She vowed then, after crying in sensei’s lap, that she would
never allow anyone to hurt her like that again. It feels like she is breaking her promise simply
by feeling dread over whatever Kakashi has to say to her.

Somehow, Kakashi became a really important person to her. Therefore, the thought of them
no longer being friends again was not a pleasant one. Despite not being family, despite not
being an Uchiha, despite not being connected to sensei in any way, despite all that there is
just something about Kakashi that Ryoko realized she feels connected to. And the only way



to keep this connection it seems is truth and honesty. Hopefully, Kakashi will be honest and
direct with her in return. That, only time will tell.

━━━━━━━━━━

The next day came painfully slow. Ryoko still felt uneasy. “I hate you Kakashi,” she muttered
under her breath while she dressed in a kimono mother picked out for her. How dare he
frazzle her inner peace!

Ryoko prided herself in being calm and collected, but Kakashi had this talent for driving her
mad. Was it intentional, she couldn’t tell, but he sure had an effect on her. Maybe that is the
exact reason why she didn’t have many close friends, to begin with - fewer people who could
hurt you.

“Ane! Are you ready yet?” Sasuke called just outside her door.

“I would see how you would manage this fuckin’ kimono…” Ryoko murmured. Thankfully,
her little brother was not yet able to enhance his hearing with chakra.

“What did you say?” he asked.

“Nothing. I will be right there. Help mother, Sasu, okay?”

“Yes, sister,” she heard him run down the hall. Dear little Sasuke was a little angel. While
their mother was coming along in her term, she really started to need more help getting
around. A fourth child at her age was not the easiest thing to deal with.

Finally, Ryoko finished her small battle with the obi and stepped outside to meet the rest of
the family. Itachi led the way with his wife on his arm. Father led mother while Ryoko
followed with Sasuke in toe. In the heart of the village they met sensei’s family, Nara
entourage, even Kushina made an appearance with her spawns. How this became a tradition,
Ryoko didn’t even notice, but here they were. Lone Uchiha surrounded by close friends from
various clans.

We went a long way… Ryoko thought as she observed everyone interacting. Other clan heads
made their polite greetings with Itachi. Even the Hyuga twins nodded in acknowledgment.

Despite the festive atmosphere, Ryoko could not concentrate fully. Her mind drifted away
towards the impending meeting with Kakashi. She made sure to fade into the background
before fully disappearing. The last thing Ryoko wanted was to alert her family of anything
being wrong with her mood again.

She walked slowly towards the top of the Hokage mountain. Most people were celebrating
down below, so it was quiet out here. She saw Kakashi sitting on one of the benches by the
cliffside. He was wearing a dark blue outfit that surprisingly had the Hatake crest
embroidered on it.

If the man’s behavior was not odd enough, this small gesture puzzled Ryoko even more.
Unlike Uchiha, who put the traditional fan on everything and anything, she has never seen



Kakashi embracing his family clan in any way except the name.

He didn’t glance at her, but the tension in his posture gave away Kakashi's awareness of her
presence. Ryoko sat down next to him without saying a word. She waited in silence for him
to speak. He already knew why they were here and there was no reason for her to remind him
again.

“Remember that time… when I said I didn’t want to be friends with you?” he finally spoke.

“Hn.”

“And I said I would explain what I meant later…”

“I see. And you are finally ready to talk about it?” Ryoko glanced to the side and watched
Kakashi’s profile from her spot. He gave a tiny nod in response. Looks like this is not some
new machination by Minato. Honestly, Ryoko was curious to find out the truth. Even if it
took Kakashi this long to come to terms with it and say it. “So?”

“When I said it… I meant that… I don’t want to be just friends with you.”

“Okay?” she tilted her head slightly. Was that it? Was that the big thing that was bothering
Kakashi? He wanted to be more than just simple friends? To Ryoko, they already were more
than that. Of course, Kakashi probably had more friends, while all of Ryoko’s close people
were more than friends right away if they were considered friends at all.

Finally, Kakashi turned his eyes away from the panorama and looked straight into her eyes.

“By ‘not just friends’ I mean… that… I like you, Ryoko.”

“Haha! Good one,” she laughed in response. Was this all Kakashi came up with over the last
day as an excuse for his behavior? She expected him to use the time to think of something
better. At least she honestly didn’t expect such reasoning, so maybe it wasn’t a bad move on
Kakashi’s part. Ryoko turned to glance at Kakashi again, he was still looking at her. There
was no smile on his masked face. Not even a fake one.

“I am serious,” he said casually.

“But… you said…” her face slightly scrunched as she tried to wrap her head around
Kakashi’s proclamation. He wouldn’t lie to her… would he? She hopped not… yet the man
was clearly contradicting himself! “But… No one likes me! You said it yourself,” she
challenged completely seriously.

Kakashi let a deep sigh out and leaned closer. “You’re such an idiot, Ryoko! Bigger idiot than
I am.”

“Rude,” she puffed up, arms crossed over her chest definitely not in a defensive manner.

“Ryoko. I like you. No... I love you.”

Love?... Is he still sick?... What does that even mean?!?!… why…



Ryoko’s hands relaxed and felt like they were going numb. She reached in quickly and pulled
Kakashi’s mask down to see his full face. She was looking for a lie. For deception or even the
butt of the joke.

“How?... Why? You shouldn’t… Why me?” Ryoko uttered in complete disbelief. Why would
anyone love a person like herself? Her true self, without a mask or an act? He was not even
her family! He has no reason at all to feel this way…

There was a small smile on Kakashi’s lips, that she would have missed if the mask was still
in place. “No, trust me, I didn’t want to fall in love… with you… with anyone, really. We live
in a cruel world that is only going to break one’s heart if you let it. But it is wicked that way.
Because, isn’t it a wicked thing to do, to make me dream of you when I close my eyes? And I
never felt this way before.”

“It is a wicked thing to say, you never felt this way,” Ryoko replied instinctively while her
brain ran a thousand miles. Her heart sank to a numb void until there was only a resonance of
a beating rhythm in her ears.

Yet Kakashi laughed. “This. I love this. The real you. And yes, I fell in love with the one that
would break my heart. But I don’t care. Please, break my heart if you wish. My feelings will
not change.”

The conviction in his tone scared Ryoko. Somehow, she contained the urge to run away. The
man was clearly out of his mind. But… But! He was honest. Kakashi trusted her enough to
tell her about his feelings no matter how bizarre they were.

She never dreamed that she would meet somebody like Kakashi. Someone who would accept
her fully like him. At this moment, she recalled a quote her former father, from her past life,
once said. The flower does not dream of a bee. It blooms and then the bee comes…

Was this it?

And if this was it, would she even be capable of… love? Ryoko considered if she could ever
return the feeling? Does she even have to return it? Would it be too cruel not to? She didn’t
even notice when her sharingan activated. At some point, the emotions just took over and she
stared at Kakashi in a new light.

“You… are aware who I am? What I can do?”

“Yes,” Kakashi answered as if it was that simple.

“When did you know?” she asked after a long pause. There were just too many unanswered
questions circling her mind. She didn’t have to elaborate, he understood exactly what she
meant.

“The world was on fire and no one could save me but you. I thought I was going to die that
day. I was sure of it. But there you were…” he looked into the sky recalling the one mission
where Ryoko really let loose. Yes, that made sense. After all, that is when Kakashi came to
her to apologize and talk.



“Then, why wait? Why tell me this now?”

“It's strange what desire will make foolish people do,” he laughed. His eyes turned from the
sky to make contact with hers. The eternally active sharingan meeting hers. “I never dreamed
that you would accept, considering our… argument. And I could not bear the thought of
losing somebody like you just when we made amends. Now...”

“Hn?”

He sighed. “The way you care for me… the way beat that my heart skips when I'm with
you… I don’t know how long I could keep a handle on myself in your presence… And we
did agree to speak about things.”

His smile… That damn smile! His smile made Ryoko want to love him and strangle him at
the same time. Slightly sharp and… alluring was it? I think he has more teeth than me… she
thought absentmindedly. Honestly, Ryoko never once considered Kakashi in this way
before… Maybe because she knew him as a kid and her mental age saw him just that - a
kid… The presence of adult clan heads that occupied her mind didn't help either…

Now? Kakashi was old enough… He wasn’t bad-looking… He was real with her and most
importantly he was honest and respectful. “This is such a bad idea…” she whispered more to
herself than him. Ryoko closed her eyes for a moment, composing herself. She sighed. “Oh,
to hell caution,” she said, just as her eyes opened again.

Then Ryoko leaned in and kissed Kakashi on the lips as the festival fireworks bloomed in the
sky above them.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes



This is how I imagine Ryoko cuddled Kakashi (minus the hand holding for now :D )




Art Reference

Kakashi's outfit!




Art Reference



Chapter 62: A Spring of Secrets
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Kakashi was fully aware of the fear gripping his bones, but still, here he is. Pouring out his
feelings on one unsuspecting Uchiha. Her surprise was expected as were her questions.
Honestly, her trying to reason the situation, was a far better outcome than he could have ever
hoped for.

And then…

…their lips touched.

He felt like his heart was exploding together with the fireworks. It took the man a second, but
he leaned into the kiss, relishing the feeling of Ryoko’s skin. Her taste. It was perfect. She
was perfect. Her answer was perfect.

True, she did not proclaim her feelings in return, but her gesture meant acceptance and
acknowledgment. She was willing to give him a chance. Kakashi couldn’t ask for more. Now
that he got her attention, he was determined to conquer her heart too.

Ryoko pulled away and the fireworks cleared the sky. Their eyes connected once more. “Hn.
This is acceptable,” she nodded simply and he smiled. This was so like her - to be blunt to the
bone. Actually, ‘acceptable’ was high praise coming from someone like her.

Before he could say anything in response, Ryoko stood up. “My family is waiting, I must
go.”

“Hn. Until tomorrow then.”

“Hn.”

He watched her figure walk away into the distance. Transfixed on the intoxicating presence
that only she had. Kami… I did it… I did it!... he thought to himself. The future was not fully
clear to Kakashi, but it sure seemed brighter than before.

“Dad… I did it… and she didn’t kill me,” he whispered and laughed at himself. Now, he had
the hard mission of not messing things up. Either way, the first step was made, he cannot take
it back now. All that Kakashi can do is try his best and enjoy while it lasts.

━━━━━━━━━━

Yesterday still felt like a dream to Kakashi. He sat silently in his home, trying to read, but the
more time passed, the more his anxiety grew. He knew that Ryoko would stop by soon. It
should be an exciting thing to look forward to. But it wasn’t.



What in the world was he supposed to do now? How was he supposed to act? Did things
between them change after yesterday? This was not one of his one-night stands. He could not
just say hi, do the dead and leave. But, it’s not like they were a couple yet… or were they?

“It’s me,” Ryoko called after letting herself in.

“Yo,” he responded instinctively, but his whole body tensed. What now? Should he go and
hug her for a greeting? Or kiss her? That was allowed now, yes? Ryoko didn’t look as
troubled, as she walked to his kitchen to make some tea.

Maybe this was not a big deal at all, but Kakashi knew in his gut that it was. The way how he
reacts this first day after yesterday will set a pattern and a direction he wants to take. What
direction is he aiming for? That was an easy question - he wanted to spend the rest of his life
with Ryoko.

“Right…” he whispered to himself and stood up. As casual as possible, yet still determined,
Kakashi approached her from behind. This is it… here I go… he thought stopping just inches
away from her.

“Hn?” Ryoko hummed in question. Kakashi inhaled deeply. His mind tried to resist the things
her scent did to it. One hand on her waist, the man turned Ryoko around to face him. His
other hand brushed from her jaw to the back of her neck and brought her face closer to his.

Their lips touched once again.

He kissed Ryoko greedily, unlike the first time when he was too shocked to let his emotions
fully loose. Naturally, their exchange evolved and their tongues met for the first time. It felt
like fireworks once again were erupting somewhere above them.

Finally, he pulled away with a smile he could not contain. “Hi,” his eyes crinkled into a smile
as well. Kakashi was just truly and really happy now.

“Hi…” Ryoko whispered in response. The woman, still in his grasp, looked mildly surprised.
That was a feat in itself. Kakashi mentally patted himself on the back and returned to the
sofa. She didn’t reject him yet, so he might as well push it as far as he can.

━━━━━━━━━━

Oh lord, this was awkward. When Ryoko had her thing with Ibiki, at least they started with
shameless flirting and it was easy to move on to fooling around. With Kakashi, she really
didn’t know how to act.

First, he surprised her with a warm welcome. It… was shockingly nice. But then, he had the
audacity to act like nothing just happened! Ryoko stood stumped until she heard the kettle
make a sound behind her. Right. Tea.

She could still feel the warmth from his hand on her neck that made the small hairs on her
skin stand up. Her lips tingled and it felt like all the blood left her brain. She probably should
be ashamed to be caught off guard like this, but… after all, she was the one who opened this



door. Now was not the time to turn away and run home with her tail between her legs. She
will just have to suck it up and act cool.

Finally, she made her tea and joined Kakashi on the sofa. The atmosphere in the room still
felt awkward to her. What’s next? I think… people usually talk about it? And set rules and
boundaries? Right?... but her mouth did not want to start this conversation yet. This was
nothing serious from her perspective.

When Kakashi gets bored or realizes his mistake, they will just call it quits and be friends
again… He will realize it eventually. Everyone does. In her past life, her partners would wake
up from the delusion of love soon enough. Right after they realize exactly how cold she is.
Kakashi will be no exception to the rule… she thought to herself.

Until then, Ryoko refused to be intimidated by his actions! No! Ryoko refused to be shy! She
was an Uchiha for crying out loud! Brushing away the pesky hesitation, she casually slid her
hand closer to his on the sofa and intertwined their fingers.

“Hn?” he turned slightly to her in question. Ryoko ignored the man, not even looking in his
direction. Instead, she took out a scroll and started reading.

I am pretty sure this is what people do… I have seen Anko holding hands with Obito, so…
Her heartbeat didn’t increase only because of all the ninja training she had. Mistakenly,
Ryoko thought that holding hands would be the right approach to her problem. She was
wrong. For some unknown reason, holding Kakashi’s hand felt even more intimate than the
things she did with Ibiki.

Then she felt Kakashi grip her hand tighter. Like a silent acceptance of her action.

Kami, this is awkward!

━━━━━━━━━━

A few days passed in the same manner. Their kisses hidden behind the four walls of
Kakashi’s apartment. He would greet her the same way as that first day and every time it left
Ryoko stumped. A single passionate kiss was all the man needed to throw her life off its
orbit.

At least she felt less awkward around him. They started to cuddle again, only now Kakashi
was the one to initiate it. Ryoko was not against it. It… was nice. Far different from how she
cuddled with Sasuke or Itachi. He felt like a warm blanket of security draping over her
shoulders. Unintentionally she would relax in his grasp.

“What are you doing?” she asked one day as they were cuddled on his sofa, when she felt his
nose brush up her neck from behind, her long black hair strategically pulled to the side.

“Nothing. Don’t mind me. Or am I distracting you from that budget report?” he whispered
below her ear. Ryoko almost shivered.



“You wish,” was what she said, but in truth, he was very successfully distracting her. Then he
kissed her neck. Slowly. Going down towards her shoulder. Gentle. She sighed and naturally
tilted her head to the side, to give him better access.

Kami… what is he doing to me… she thought almost laughing at herself. Why would such a
cliche move affect her so strongly? Even muscles below her abdomen quivered with
excitement! Oooh… he’s good… she almost said out loud. Thankfully, her pride did not allow
it.

“Hm? Is that so?” the bastard whispered again. “I guess I have to try harder…”

The next moment she knew, Ryoko was turned around to face him and his torturingly skillful
lips. He descended on her slowly, like he savored every moment before the impending
contact. Ryoko was not about to lose this battle! Her hand raised and fingers tangled in the
staticky mess of silver hair.

They kissed for what felt like hours. When Ryoko finally returned home, she felt slightly
dizzy. Definitely not awkward anymore… she thought while putting a mask on her internal
chaos with the trademark Uchiha poker face.

That day, he sparked something in her. Something she did not expect. Later, back in her bed,
Ryoko closed her eyes and saw Kakashi again. Her body felt hot. Maybe it was only natural
to get aroused when they kiss like that… The strange part for Ryoko was that, usually, she
would have to put herself in the mood to feel this way… Now, her body was not listening to
her. Her body was bothered by Kakashi’s advances all on its own. She didn’t even have to
fantasize to get herself as wet as she was now.

“Damn, Bakashi,” she whispered angrily, refusing to gratify the need she felt.

━━━━━━━━━━

Finally. It happened.

Technically, this was the second time Ryoko stayed over cuddled next to him, but at least this
time he was of clear mind and could savor the moment of falling asleep next to her. Kakashi
wasn’t sure how this even happened.

They were cuddled together just like every day these past few weeks. They kissed. And then
it was dark and he just blurted it out… “Stay.” and she did.

They didn’t do anything more. Kakashi didn’t even think about making further advances. He
was content just by holding Ryoko to his chest. Thank you for your service… he thought
about his forgotten ‘Ryoko substitute pillow’. The real deal was far better than anything he
could have imagined.

Unfortunately, the next time he asked her to stay, she declined. They still had a reputation to
uphold, so she could not spend nights away from home this often or her family would get
suspicious.



Most days, Kakashi tried not to think about Fugaku-sama or Itachi and what they would do to
him if they only knew… So maybe because he avoided thinking about it, Kakashi had the
courage to sneak into the Uchiha compound late at night. He found the familiar window and
carefully let himself inside.

Red sharingan eyes greeted him from the dark corner where he remembered her bed being.
He smiled and lifted two fingers in a silent greeting. It was dark, but he could still see the tiny
smirk curving Ryoko’s lips.

She turned away, leaving plenty of space next to her. An invitation to cuddle. Oh, this is
dangerous… he thought from instinct, which he chose to ignore. Kakashi’s steps made no
sound as he approached.

Carefully, he laid next to her and wrapped his arms around her waist. The fabric of her shirt
felt familiar to him. “Is that my shirt?” he whispered into her ear barely audibly.

“Hn,” she murmured half asleep. “Should I take it off?”

His heart skipped a beat. He was not ready for this. “No. Leave it on.”

She is too hot for her own good… he thought sinking into the crook of her neck. An act of
small revenge on his part. After the past few weeks, he noticed that this was one of Ryoko’s
sweet spots. There was a primal urge in him to bite the soft skin he was kissing.

It is safe to say that he did not sleep much that night. He also left before the sunrise, not only
to avoid the Uchiha but also to avoid Ryoko, when she finally finds the marks he left on her
neck from kissing it. Despite knowing about the inevitable beating he will get, Kakashi could
not stop smiling to himself.

She was his. No… She chose to be with him. The marks were proof of it.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Ry-o-ko…”

“Stop whining!”

“Hn. But, Ryoko, do you have to go?”

“Yes!”

“Stay,” Kakashi had no issues with begging her not to go. He looked and stared deep into her
eyes. Every day and night they spent together, it felt like he touched her more and more every
time, but it was never enough.

“I am already late, Bakashi,” she tried to pull away once more. Not seriously of course,
because if she were serious, he would never be able to stop her. He smirked as they lay
together on his bed.



“Hmmm,” he hummed. It was hard to explain how he was feeling now. Honestly, Kakashi
didn’t understand even himself, how the love for her did what no one else could do to him.
For the first time in years, the man felt like he was truly awake yet dreaming at the same
time. A dream he did not want to wake up from.

Finally, Ryoko escaped his grasp with minor reluctance that he made the mistake of
snickering at. The sharp way her eyes zeroed in on him, made a shiver go down Kakashi’s
spine. Oh-oh… I feel like I am going to regret this…

Her smile was scary and for some reason aroused him even more.

━━━━━━━━━━

It was a nice January.

Kakashi was amazed that he hadn't blown his chance yet. Over the month, it felt like most of
his dreams and fantasies came true. Ryoko was still showing up at his place. They still spend
time together in secret. He still cooked for her. She still held his hand in the most adorable
manner. And he still dared to infiltrate the Uchiha compound a few times a week.

So, when at the end of the month, Kakashi finally got a mission outside the village, he was
surprisingly upset to leave. He did not want to be away from her.

Naturally, the man decided to spend the night before his mission with Ryoko. To inhale as
much of her scent as he could. To engrave into his mind how her skin felt under his lips.

Using all his ANBU skills, Kakashi slipped inside the compound and found the room where
she was. Her red eyes greeted him like always. He closed the window and while approaching
her bed, slipped off his vest, weapons pouch, shoes, and shirt. Over time, he learned that
sleeping next to her was hot not only because of the fact that it was Ryoko next to him.

She was like an inferno. Her body, flames of Amaterasu. He enjoyed every moment of it.

Kakashi carefully slipped under the covers and his hand reached towards her toned leg. Lite
fingertips brushed up her thigh until they reached her waist. He paused. His hand brushed
back down to her leg and then back up again.

He felt a distinct lack of something.

“Ryoko… why are you… naked?” yes, what his fingers missed, was the usual hemline of her
undergarments or a shirt she wore to sleep.

“I am in my compound, in my home, in my room, in my bed. Why shouldn’t I be naked if I
choose to?” she said casually, but he could tell that there was a sharp smile on her lips from
her tone. Oh… So this is her revenge then.

“Kami…” he accidentally whispered out loud, while his hands were still frozen on her waist.
Afraid to move an inch up or down.



“Oh, for fucks sake, Bakashi, relax, I cannot sleep when you’re tense like this,” Ryoko
muttered. “Here, this always relaxes me,” she added as her hand took his…

Oh. Oooohh…

She nonchalantly put his palm on her naked breast and left it there. He was petrified. Fagaku
might just hear the frantic beating of his heart now. Nothing could have ever prepared him for
this. Countless women were no match for one Ryoko Uchiha.

“I hate you so much Ryoko,” he whispered into her ear. How could he have forgotten that she
is a master of torture? He sighed. “I lie. I could never hate you because I love you so much
more…”

With that, he sank his teeth into her shoulder and caressed her naked body. They both will
burn tonight...

…

“Kakashi, you look horrible!” was Genma’s warm welcome by the village gates.

“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he walked past the man nonchalantly. Vivid
memories of Ryoko still at his fingertips. Oh, the woman was beyond cruel to do this to him
before a mission.

His team finally departed. Kakashi concentrated on his task while in the back of his mind
devising a plot for a little payback.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko hissed lightly as she rubbed her shoulder over her regular shirt. That man! Even
though she wanted to curse him, Ryoko found that she liked the animalistic part of him. It
was rather sweet. Some psychology books in her past life said that an urge to bite something
means that one is overfilled with positive feelings and finds the object or a person in this case
extremely cute. It is basically the brain's way of preventing one from getting too
overwhelmed and distracted.

Cute, huh?... she stared at the mirror but couldn’t see it. “What an idiot…” still, she smiled to
herself, until her mother's voice disrupted the silence.

“Darling, don’t forget, today after your work, we’re going to an onsen for some girl time!”

“Yes, mother,” Ryoko answered with a heavy sigh. Then it hit her. Onsen! Being naked! THE
MARKS! She could not allow her mother to see them!

Ryoko left earlier than usual. Once again she cursed her subpar healing skills. They worked
well enough for hickeys, but not bites apparently. The whole day she was distracted while
working by Minato’s side.

By lunch, she came up only with one possible solution to her problem. Instead of eating,
Ryoko went to the hospital.



“Sister? What brings you here?” Itachi called to her, just as she entered the second floor of
the hospital.

“Brother,” Itachi looked nice in his white coat. He smiled brightly at her. It was no longer a
stressful sight for him to see her here. Unlike when she was part of ANBU. “I came to see
Kabuto-san. I wanted to check if the herb I brought from Suna helped sensei’s son.”

“Ah. Yes, he was glad when you brought it,” he walked beside her until they reached
Kabuto’s office door. “He’s inside. I will see you at dinner?”

“Hn.”

Ryoko waited for Itachi to leave before she knocked.

“Enter,” a calm voice called from inside.

“Kabuto-san.”

“Oh! Ryoko-hime! What do I owe this pleasure?” the man smirked as he stood up. Polite as
ever, just like her brother.

“I came to ask for a favor.”

“Oh?” light reflected from his glasses, hiding the sharp edge of his gaze. “Seeing as you
came to me, I assume it has to do something with an injury you want to keep hidden from
Itachi-sama, perhaps?”

“Hn.” He was clever. Another reason why Ryoko chose Kabuto instead of a random nurse.
Any other person in this hospital would undoubtedly rat her out. Kabuto… despite his
loyalty, had a strong will and balls. She didn’t have to see him in a fight to notice it.

“Very well,” he motioned to a chair in front of his desk.

Before sitting down, Ryoko eyed the man carefully. “What do you want in return, Kabuto-
san?”

He smirked. “Hmmm. Well… there is one thing…”

“Go on with it. We both have work to do.”

“Ah, so direct. I always admired that about you, Lady Uchiha. What I want is a date with
you, that’s it.”

“A… date?”

“Yes. A date.”

“One date and you heal without questions asked and you keep this a secret from everyone?”

“So precise with your words! Yes, these terms are acceptable.”



Ryoko nodded and finally sat down. She didn’t understand why in the world Kabuto would
want to go out with her, but it was a price she would have to pay. Carefully, she pulled off her
outer shirt.

“Oh my! Yes, now I see why you came to me, Ryoko-hime,” Kabuto snickered as his
glowing hand reached for the bite mark.

“Less talking, more healing,” she grumbled halfheartedly. Part of Ryoko was almost proud to
wear the mark. It was proof that someone out there liked her… Kabuto’s teasing also felt just
that - teasing. No matter how malicious he tried to seem, the boy had a kind heart and a good
sense of humor.

“Hi hi,” he chuckled.

━━━━━━━━━━

“I have to go,” Ryoko said to him while trying to get Pakkun off of her. The pair looked cute
from where Kakashi was watching them.

“So soon?” he asked. It felt like he just got back from the long mission and she already had to
go. He could not help but wonder if he was the only one who missed their time together when
Ryoko acted soo cool all the time.

“Yes, I have a date.”

“A date?!?” the man sat up straighter.

“Boss lady already ditching you, boss,” Pakkun barked a laugh. Sometimes, it felt like his
pack liked her more than him. At least, he did not get a lecture from the dogs, when he finally
told them about the new development.

“Hn.”

“With who?” Kakashi continued to question. Maybe he misunderstood? It was an easy thing
to do when speaking with her. That’s right. A date can mean many things…

“With Kabuto-san.”

Now Kakashi sprung up to his feet and grabbed Ryoko’s wrist as she was headed to the door.
“No!”

Her eyebrow arched with a challenge. “Excuse me?”

“I mean… why? With him of all people…” he grumbled. No wonder Kakashi never liked the
guy. That sneaky four-eyes was plotting right behind his back! The biggest issue was that
Ryoko accepted the advance!

“No idea. He asked me out as a favor for healing the bite you left on me.”



For a moment Kakashi smirked remembering that night, but then he remembered what they
were talking about. By the look on Ryoko’s face, he had to choose his words carefully. “I…
see...” he went with the safe ambiguous answer.

“Hmpf,” she only said, meaning ‘that’s right. I am not an object you have ownership of.’

As soon as Ryoko left, he was about to follow her but was stopped by Pakkun blocking his
exit through the window. “Boss, I don’t think boss lady would appreciate what you are about
to do.”

“Pakkun, what do you even know about her?” Kakashi crossed his arms defensively. As if a
dog would understand his feelings right now.

“Oh, so you want to tell me that you actually asked her out to be your girlfriend then, boss?”

“...”

“That’s what I thought,” Pakkun huffed smugly. That dog was far more expressive than
Kakashi ever thought and still he was right. The man never did have a talk with Ryoko, so
why would she think they were exclusive?

“...”

“Human lovers day is coming, ask her then. Bring a bone or something.”

“A treat actually sounds like a good idea,” Kakashi thought aloud after he slumped back on
the sofa. Might as well bite another kunai and ask her directly. If she says no… then he’ll
know at least. Then they will be on the same page.

━━━━━━━━━━

Men were strange. All of a sudden, now Kakashi asked her out on a date. On Valentine’s day
no less. It was one thing to go for a casual bite with Kabuto, but with Kakashi… It’s not like
they could just walk together in public.

“Yo!” the man in question emerged from the tree line with a smirk.

“Hn,” she looked around. This was one of the more secluded places in the village. As they
started walking, a compound wall came into view. Hopefully, they will not be spotted
together. Only when she saw the washed-out crest on the gate, did she realize where exactly
Kakashi brought her to.

“Hn. Hatake compound,” he said as if reading her mind. “Inside there is a place I want to
show you…” he took her by the hand and lead the way.

Ryoko felt the telltale buzz of wards as they crossed the gates. They felt strong. No wonder
there were no outsiders here. Kakashi’s contact gave her permission to enter as he was the
official head of his clan.



He took her through long deserted streets until they reached the biggest house. Around them
was silence. The village seemed far away, even if it was still buzzing and alive behind these
walls. Ryoko did not say a word and allowed to be guided through the house towards the
inner garden.

He must have used clones to prepare this… she thought while looking around the place.
There was no dust or other signs of neglect. Lanterns were lit, emitting a soft yellow glow
over the well-kept garden. There was a small pond with blooming lily pads. The Japanese
aesthetics were rather soothing, so she didn’t want to break the silence as she admired this
piece of art.

“Here…” Kakashi whispered and took her to a room with open shogi doors with the best
view of the garden. Inside she spotted a picnic basket. How… charming?...

“Should I assume that there is a reason why you brought me here besides to show this
garden?” Ryoko finally said as she sat down and looked up at Kakashi.

“Yes.”

Kakashi took his time serving tea and sweets. Finally, he looked at her eyes, thoughtful.
“Ryoko. What do you think of… us? What is going on between us?”

Slowly she took a sip of her tea. Us?... I should not be surprised that he wants clarity, as do
I… Or maybe he finally came to his senses... there was a lot she could guess from his
question alone. “This is a fling. It will end as all things do,” she shrugged.

“Hmm,” he held onto his cup but didn’t drink. “... When you cannot stop thinking about
someone when they are not around, that’s not a fling.”

An interesting thought. She did think of Kakashi more often when they were apart. Of course,
mostly to curse him. “Well yes, but…”

“When you remember their touch just like they were still next to you, that’s not a fling,” he
cut her off with more determination, and maybe he was right. Ryoko didn’t think she ever felt
the phantom touch of someone… a part of Kakashi. Her skin did prickle on her neck and
shoulders and all the other places he touched, even hours after they separated.

“Yes, but…”

“Ryoko. We both know what we have and it is not just a fling,” his serious grey and red eyes
bore into her and Ryoko could not look away.

“What are you saying, Kakashi?”

“I want to date you. Officially.”

“You what?” she would have choked if she chose that moment to drink. Thankfully, there was
only air in her throat at the moment he declared his intentions.

“Be my girlfriend, Ryoko.”



Well, clearly she was wrong about his intentions. Somewhere in the distance, a sound of
windchimes filled the silence. Girlfriend?... Me?... Is he insane? He must be… She felt heat
in her cheeks and that was something new for Ryoko.

“Are you… sure about this?”

“Hn. As sure as I was when I said I love you. I want to be with you.”

Now Ryoko did look away. She wanted to argue or debate this subject, but no good
arguments came to mind. ...Why not?... Really… would it be that bad if I... had… a
boyfriend?... she cleared her throat. “My family won’t like it.”

“I don’t care. I will prove to them that I am worthy of you...”

“Don’t be ridiculous! You are fine, it’s just...” she tried to argue again. Considering
everything, Kakashi was more than worthy. He had the right status, age, and skills. Hell, she
even considered him that one time because he was the most competent choice.

“It’s just what?” he pushed.

“I… never had a boyfriend…” her cheeks colored even more. “I don’t know how they will
react… You know my brothers… and my cousins… and…”

“It will be fine,” she felt Kakashi take her hand. Ryoko slowly looked up to see him smiling
at her. That look on his face put her at ease. Then she felt that Kakashi placed something in
her palm. When she opened it, there was that damn wolf pendant again.

“When did you...?” she said with surprise. It was definitely the same necklace. How he
managed to snatch it from her room, Ryoko had no clue. Kakashi looked smug and put a
finger to his mask-covered lips.

Ryoko stared at the pendant. A while back she noticed that Kakashi was always wearing his
fox one. So… if she takes it… that would mean… Why is my heart rushing?!? I command
you to stop this instant! unsuccessfully she tried to control herself. Maybe Kakashi was right.
This could not be just a fling if he made her feel this way…

What’s the worst that could happen?

She inhaled and turned away. Slowly her hand pulled the long black hair to the side and she
handed the pendant to Kakashi to put it on her. His fingers gently brushed over her neck as he
clasped it around. She felt his breath on the back of her neck and if Ryoko were standing, her
legs would be shaky.

“Alright…” she whispered, not daring to let him see her blushing face. This was
embarrassing how weak her body felt next to him. At the same time, it felt exciting. A thrill
went over her when he kissed the crook of her neck.

━━━━━━━━━━



A week passed and for Ryoko, it looked like nothing changed, even if everything changed.
Having a label of a ‘girlfriend’ was a small thing, especially when no one besides her and
Kakashi knew about it. At least it should be a small thing. But it wasn’t to her.

Ryoko felt like some invisible burden was lifted from her shoulders. It sounded cliche when
she thought about it, but now, it felt like even the sun shined brighter, the sky was clearer, and
the grass greener.

They have been together for years. Romantically only over a month. Officially only a week.

Kakashi assured her that he would deal with her family, yet she still was hesitant about
revealing this little secret to them. The woman thought that it would be safer to try out dating
Kakashi first before revealing their relationship to the public. Who knows, what she wanted
to find out this way. They knew each other for years! There was almost nothing left for them
to discover about one other.

“You’re in a good mood, Ane,” little Sasuke greeted her in the hallway on their way for
breakfast.

Hmm… I do feel more rested when Kakashi sleeps next to me… she thought to herself. The
most recent love marks hidden behind the high collar of her shirt were a strong reminder of
the time they spent in each others embrace. “Hn. Working in the Hokage tower is going
well,” that wasn’t a lie. Her brother didn’t question this answer, but he always did have a
knack to read people around him. Especially family and especially her.

Don’t be a snitch, little brother… she prayed.

“Good morning,” Izumi greeted them with a warm smile.

“Hn. Father, mother, brother,” Ryoko nodded at everyone else gathered by the table. She took
her usual spot across father.

Just as they were finishing up the meal, Fugaku leaned over the table and grabbed her shirt.
Ryoko was honestly caught off guard by the action, as her mind was still rather preoccupied.
“Father?” she asked, puzzled.

“Ry.o.ko. Who,” he growled out. Voice low and ice cold.

She glanced down to see one of the hickeys not fully hidden and now revealed by father's
action. “Oh…”

His glare would scare anyone but Ryoko. This was definitely not how she wanted to confess
to her family. Looking around, she noticed that Itachi’s expression was almost as severe as
father's. “It’s Hatake isn’t it?” her genius brother deducted.

“Hn,” Ryoko only responded and brushed fathers hand away.

“Invite him to dinner,” and that was not a request coming from Fugaku. It was an order.



To possibly lighten the mood, Mikoto chimed in. “Yes yes, honey. About time. Invite him
over! I would appreciate it if the boy would finally enter the house through the front door and
not through your window in the middle of the night.”

Fugaku’s head sharply turned to his innocent-looking wife. Well shit… Thank you very much,
mother… It appears that they were not as sneaky as they thought. At least, mother was wise
enough not to talk about it with Ryoko directly.

The expression on her father's face said to Mikoto ‘we’ll speak about this later!’. It would be
imperceptive to anyone else but their close family.

“Yes, mother…” Ryoko could only sigh in defeat. She felt Itachi still glaring at her with his
eyes narrowed. Maybe she should warn Kakashi about this? Nah… He’ll be fine…
Something was telling her that Kakashi will have a surprise medical checkup today...

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

*cough*Inspiration*cough*




Art Reference








Art Reference



Kakashi's family garden!




Art Reference



Chapter 63: Uchiha Family Values
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Fugaku was beyond furious! Some lowlife dared to touch his daughter?!?! And worst of all,
his wife was aware and hid it from him! With cold anger as his source of patience, the man
waited for his kids to leave for their jobs and Sasuke to his school. While Izumi was buzzing
around the house, he finally cornered his wife in their bedroom.

“Mikoto,” he frowned, arms crossed over his chest. The man was displeased. “Don’t you
trust me anymore? What else are you hiding from me?”

“Oh, darling, relax. This is not a big deal,” she waved her hand dismissively as she made her
way to the bed. Even if they were technically having an argument, Fugaku still tenderly
helped his pregnant wife to settle on the bed.

“But it is!”

“Are you raising your voice at me?”

“...” wisely he said nothing.

“Fugaku, my love, I found out about it by pure chance,” she gently took his hand. “One night,
when I felt sick, before going back to bed, I happened to notice the boy's chakra signature as I
did my usual sensory check around the perimeter. Old habits die hard,” she smiled softly, but
he was still angry with her.

“Why didn’t you tell me?”

“Fugaku. When was the last time your daughter showed any if at all interest in… well…
anyone?”

He thought for a second. Only a single event came to his mind when the two of them were
visiting the daimyo. Yet, even then he knew that Ryoko was only acting. He could not recall a
single time he noticed her interested in someone. Even when she was a child. All Ryoko
cared for was her family…

“That’s it, you cannot, can you?” Mikoto smirked, then her eyes sharpened. “Besides, you
didn’t tell me when Ryoko unlocked her sharingan.”

“But still! What does that have to do with anything?” he refused to give up. Fugaku felt hurt
by her mistrust of him. He also was disturbed by the level of petty his dear wife could get
while holding this small grudge for so many years.

“After the failures the dates I arranged for her were, I was considering that maybe our baby
liked women instead.”



“Hn. I would not be surprised,” he muttered. That was a conversation the two of them had a
while ago. As parents, they simply wanted to see their child happy no matter what gender
their partner would be. Fugaku was not some stickler Hyuga to be closed-minded about such
things.

“Yes, that was my feeling as well, dear husband. But… when I realized that our lovely
daughter had no interest at all, it devastated me! So when I finally spotted her with someone,
well I was just too happy and afraid to meddle in case both of them would be spooked off.”

“You’re talking about them as if they are some wild animals!”

“Well, Fugaku, you have to agree, Ryoko and the Hatake boy both are… well… reserved, for
lack of a better word.”

“Socially challenged, I am aware,” he deadpanned and said it straight what his love tried to
walk around gently.

“Love, please, give him a chance. Don’t you want to see our precious daughter happily wed?
Don’t you want grandchildren?”

“Grand...children?!” Fugaku sprung up from the bed as the thought digested in his mind.
“Absolutely not! I will not allow some imbecile to defile my daughter!”

“Fugaku, she’s not a child anymore. She hasn't been for a long time,” Mikoto said seriously.
She cringed and rubbed her big belly in a soothing motion and that was a sign for him to
reign in his emotions. Mikoto came first. He inhaled deeply and sat back down calmer. He
gently touched the belly and felt a strong kick under his palm.

“I know, my love, but… I just cannot… He is not good enough for her…”

“No one will ever be good enough,” Mikoto smiled at him as their fingers intertwined.

He sighed. She was right, as always. Well, if that is who his intelligent daughter chose, he
will have to accept it. But he doesn’t have to like it! Fugaku swore to himself that he will
make sure that Kakashi knows his place and does not dare to even think about upsetting his
little angel.

━━━━━━━━━━

When Kakashi stepped out of his home to find a black cat perched on the rail, he paused. For
a second, he was tempted to stab the unusual sight with a kunai. Then he remembered who
exactly had a contract with the feline realm. But why would Ryoko send one of her summons
to him?

“Yo?” he casually greeted the little furball.

Black cat in response smirked, showing off its sharp canines. Jup, definitely Ryoko’s
summon. The animal didn’t say a word, but he felt that it was enough of a message. A black
cat was a universal sign of misfortune. The troubling part was that the man was not sure what



he could have done wrong. Maybe she was upset that he left yesterday so early in the
morning just when she was heating up to his affection?

Kakashi smirked as the images played in his head. To hear Ryoko sigh in delight from his
ministrations was the pinnacle of his day. Compared to that, a little misfortune was nothing
he couldn’t handle. So he shrugged and went on his way towards the training grounds before
his shift at the Hokage guard duty.

“Senpai!” an annoyingly chirpy voice materialized from behind him in the insane speed only
a single person besides Minato-sensei could do.

“Shisui,” Kakashi greeted as he stopped.

“I hope you don’t die today, senpai! Would hate to look for another captain,” the young man
smirked cheerfully despite his morbid greeting. Kakashi curved an eyebrow in question.

“Hn. And why would that outcome be on the table today?”

“Oh, a little birdy told me that my dear cousin-sama is looking for you. Good luck!” with
those last words Shisui was gone in a flicker.

Itachi? Why would… Don’t die… black cat… the man sighed as the puzzle pieced itself
together in his mind. The calm and cool-headed Itachi Uchiha would be upset with him for
one and only reason… Ryoko.

Lo and behold, the man of the hour stood waiting for him in the training grounds. A cold
wind blew across the field fluttering the man's coat. A flock of crows took to the air with an
ominous caw as their chosen sound for calling to battle.

“Hatake-san. I thought we had an understanding,” Itachi said barely audibly.

“Yo! Whatever do you mean, Itachi-kun?” he smirked while preventing his arm from
nervously brushing across his hair.

Itachi’s eyes narrowed. “How about a friendly spar?”

“Maah. Aren’t you busy with all that work at the hospital?” for now Kakashi could only try
to buy some time as his mind devised a strategy against a skilled shinobi that Itachi
undoubtedly was.

“The hospital will manage. Besides, I have a feeling that there is a vacancy there that is about
to be filled in shortly.”

“Haha…” he laughed dryly. The insinuation was not lost on Kakashi.

An hour later Kakashi felt like he didn’t even know this person calling himself Itachi Uchiha.
To think that someone could be even more calculating and challenging to fight than Ryoko
was preposterous. But here he was, fighting tooth and nail against her brother and barely
managing to survive.



“Nee nee, Itachi-kun, I think you might be a bit overreacting,” Kakashi breathed out as he
plucked a kunai from his thigh. Then Itachi appeared right in front of him, almost as fast as
Shisui himself. A green-lit hand grabbed his shoulder and Kakashi felt the healing chakra fix
his shattered bone.

Yeah… definitely a brother of Ryoko’s… first breaks me, then fixes me up just to do it again…
he thought to himself, not for a second relaxing in his stance.

“Hatake-san, you are treading dangerous waters. I advise you to rethink your actions.”

“Not a chance,” despite himself, Kakashi said it with a smile. There was no one who could
deter him from pursuing Ryoko’s affection.

Itachi’s eyes narrowed again as he watched the man, evaluating Kakashi's resolve. “Hn. In
that case, you are due for a checkup. You will come to the hospital with me now. And you
will follow my instructions. And we will have a long talk about your recent… deviations.”

It had become clear to Kakashi that somehow, Ryoko’s family had found out about their
secret affair. Coming from Itachi, this was not a request but a clear order and he could do
nothing to deny it. After all, he promised Ryoko that he would handle her family. Might as
well hold his word.

“Hn,” he gave a single nod. Honestly, Kakashi found himself lucky to be able to walk on his
own to the hospital with Itachi closely by his side. Maybe the man was having pity on him?
Or maybe all the training with Obito and Ryoko paid off… Yeah, he was not that delusional
to think that some training with Uchiha would be enough to be left standing after facing
Itachi. After all, the man didn’t use the more questionable genjutsu on him… yet.

In the hospital, the only solace was the salty look on Kabuto’s face. The man shamelessly
waved at the boy. Screw you! I win, four-eyes… he laughed internally. Yes, he was gloating
and was not sorry about it. That good mood evaporated, as Itachi returned with a chart and a
cold polite smile on his lips that promised nothing good for him.

“This will take a while, Hatake-san,” Itachi said almost cheerfully.

“...”

As Kakashi took a seat, Itachi spoke again. “So, let’s talk while I do the checkup. My sister
and your nightly visits, care to elaborate?”

Nope. Not at all. Not a chance in hell! He might as well pretend to be deaf and mute for all
Kakashi cared. He was not that suicidal to answer such questions. Itachi mercilessly
continued.

“Shall we talk contraception or skip right to abstinence?”

Someone please kill me!

━━━━━━━━━━



Kakashi’s feelings at this moment could be described with one word - alive. He was thankful
that Itachi didn’t injure him too much. Well, nothing he himself didn't fix afterward. Maybe
besides the mental trauma. Kakashi put the uncomfortable conversations into the darkest part
of his brain and moved on as if nothing happened.

Or so he thought.

The moment he saw Ryoko that evening, Kakashi could not stop thinking about fucking her.
And he blamed Itachi for that imagery. Until now, he was perfectly content with the makeout
sessions. Now… the man could not stop himself from wanting more.

It took all of his willpower to resist the strong urge.

“Oh, by the way, parents asked you to join us for dinner tomorrow,” she said after he told her
what happened with Itachi.

“By ‘ask’ you mean they ordered me to come?”

“Hn!” her smile almost made him forget about the upcoming ordeal.

Kakashi sighed. “Anything for you, my…” just in time he cut himself off before blurting out
the nickname he had for Ryoko in his mind.

“Hn?”

“Forget it…” he whispered and further distracted the woman by kissing her.

When tomorrow came, Kakashi felt oddly calm as he entered the Uchiha compound via the
gates for what felt like the first time in years. Guards gave him a polite nod, not commenting
about his out-of-ordinary non-shinobi attire. For occasions like today, Kakashi actually wore
something casual to create the illusion that he was indeed worthy of Ryoko and not only a
shinobi.

He knocked on the door and was greeted by a little raven-head boy. “Yo.”

The boy eyed him for a long moment. He couldn’t tell if Sasuke reminded him more of Itachi
or Mikoto-sama. His calculating eyes were very much like his older brothers… “Hn,” the boy
finally nodded and stepped aside as if approving of Kakashi's looks that he carefully
examined.

Kakashi was led through familiar yet foreign hallways into the waiting area where none other
than Fugaku Uchiha himself was waiting. While polishing a deadly-looking katana. Copy nin
suppressed an instinctive gulp and bowed.

“Fugaku-sama,” he greeted politely, taking a seat on tatami floors in front of the dour man.

“Hatake Kakashi,” the man placed down his polishing cloth and looked at the reflection of
his blade before averting his eyes to Kakashi. “You came.”

“Of course, Fugaku-sama.”



Queue the staring contest! Kakashi didn’t blink as they locked eyes. At this moment, the copy
nin was very grateful for sharingan to be considered a weapon and not something you could
aim at an alley without repercussions.

Fugaku spoke up first. “Your father was a good man. I knew him, you see.”

“Aah.” What could one answer to that?

“He was a dear friend of Mikoto, consider that your saving grace.”

Thank you, father, for keeping in good graces of the Uchiha! Kakashi let a silent prayer leave
his thoughts. “Hn.”

“But!”

“...”

“If you ever even dare to make my daughter regret her choices… so help me, Kami…”

“OH! Kakashi-kun! So happy to see you!” Mikoto-sama’s cheerful voice cut her husband's
threats like a hot knife over butter. Taking this as his chance to bail the conversation, Kakashi
sprung to his feet and bowed deeply to the unofficial head of the Uchiha clan. One could
even call Mikoto-sama the shadow clan head.

“Mikoto-sama,” he greeted politely.

“Oh, stop with all that! We’re practically family!” she laughed and grabbed his hand. The
man didn’t question her actions or her words. They sounded very much like something
Kushina would say and he knew better than to argue.

He was led to the dining room, where everyone was taking their seats. Ryoko gave him a
casual nod when he sat next to her. If not for Mikoto and Izumi, it would be a silent affair.
Now, Kakashi found himself bombarded with questions varying from casual to praying in a
blink of an eye.

“Oh, it is such a pleasure to have Ryoko bring someone over,” Izumi smiled after she finished
serving the food. Kakashi couldn't help but wonder if that was true? Did Ryoko really never
bring... anyone...? He almost felt flattered.

“Hn,” Itachi and Fugaku grumbled synchronously, but their displeasure was ignored by their
respectful wives.

“Soooo, Kakashi-kun, Ryoko dear, how long has this been going on?” Mikoto asked.

“Not long,” he smiled politely over his mask.

“Two months,” Ryoko said bluntly. Bless her fierce nature. Kakashi didn’t feel as confident,
but he could not allow himself to show any weakness, so he didn’t react besides a polite nod.

“Aww, how adorable.”



“What do you do?” Sasuke asked. There was curiosity in his eyes, besides the very familiar
blunt nature.

“I am a jonin,” he was pretty sure that everyone else at this table already knew of his ANBU
status. It was a well-known secret. Besides Ryoko's youngest brother, of course.

“Sasuke, honey, did you know, Hokage-sama was Kakashi-kun’s sensei?” Mikoto added. The
boy’s eyes slightly widened at that. Point one to Kakashi. “And weren’t you in the same team
with Obito?”

“Yes, mam’.”

“Cousin Obito?” Sasuke turned his head slightly and now eyed the masked man even more
carefully. Kakashi couldn’t tell if that was a good or bad thing in the child’s eyes. He would
have to talk with Obito to get more intel...

Ryoko ate in silence, not at all disturbed by the intense grilling he was getting. In some way,
that was calming to Kakashi. He would be more concerned if she didn’t eat.

“I hope you will not distract Ryoko from her goals,” Fugaku said, eyes drilling with the
intensity that could almost be of killing intent level. This was not a suggestion, it was an
order and a threat.

“Yes, sir,” Kakashi nodded obediently. Disrupting Ryoko’s ambitions was the last thing he
wanted to do. Nor something he thought himself capable of doing in the first place.

“What are your plans for the future?” Itachi asked.

Hmmm… isn’t that a loaded question… he sighed internally. This was a topic he had to tread
carefully. From his experience in communication with Ryoko, Kakashi learned that most
often it is best, to be honest with Uchiha clansmen so that is what he decided to do. “My goal
is to protect the people of Konoha and to serve the Hokage, that is all.”

“Hn,” Itachi gave a single nod. Answer accepted. Point two to Kakashi.

Mikoto turned to her husband and spoke loud enough for all to hear. “Aww, aren’t they a cute
couple, Fu? I think they would make the cutest grandkids for us!”

Kakashi choked at the same time as Fugaku-sama. Ryoko let out a deep sigh as she rubbed
her temples. Itachi was doing a great impersonation of a deaf person. Izumi nodded with
entuziasm. Sasuke just kept eating like this was the most natural conclusion to make.

━━━━━━━━━━

Despite the male population of Konoha giving Kakashi a variety of side glances ranging from
awe to jealousy, he was on cloud nine. After the tense dinner at the Uchiha household, the
news of him courting the ice-princess, as he heard people calling Ryoko, went around the
village in record time. It was a surprise, that Genma hadn't ambushed him yet...

Their relationship was now officially public and Kakashi loved it!



No longer did he have to sneak around and wait for Ryoko in secluded places. He could
openly greet her at the Hokage tower after her work and walk with her down the street in the
daylight. All the while smirking internally at the attention.

A day after the dinner, he got an earful from Kushina. To his defense, he was surprised that
Mikoto didn’t spill the beans sooner to her friend. Minato hadn’t had a chance to corner him
yet, but the smiles Hokage shot his way were enough to make Kakashi avoid the man like
plague.

Finally, it was time to face his former team. Obito greeted him with a big smile at their usual
ramen shop.

“Oh gods, finally, Bakashi! I had lost all hope!”

“Hello to you too,” Kakashi easily sidestepped the outstretched arms of his friend. “Rin,” he
nodded at the silent woman sitting by their table.

“So… it’s true then?”

“Whatever do you mean?” he smirked after placing his order for one miso ramen.

“You bet it is, Rin-chan!” Obito answered for him. “I really thought my cousin would finally
lose it and test his Mangekyou sharingan on you,” the man poked him in the ribs. Honestly,
Kakashi was surprised too that he escaped the ire of an elder brother so easily. Practically
unscathed.

“...” Rin looked down at her bowl lost in her thoughts.

“Yeah… He was… polite, you know how Itachi is,” Kakashi only shrugged.

“Hn. Yeah. I bet it was scary,” Obito snickered at his expense, but he was not wrong. A cold
and extremely polite Itachi was scarier than a raging shinobi running at you full speed with a
Rasengan.

“I don’t get it…” Rin murmured after a while when they all finally concentrated on their
food.

“Hn?”

“Why her? She doesn’t even like you like…”

“Like...?” Kakashi tilted his head in question.

“Forget it!” she abruptly stood up and stormed off.

“What’s her problem?” he decided to ask Obito as the two always seemed close.

“Oh! I haven’t told you yet! She’s probably upset because…” a dramatic pause “I am
marrying Anko next month!”



“Oh.”

“Just oh?” Obito crossed his arms in disappointment at not getting the reaction he expected.
Kakashi only shrugged.

“Honestly, I thought you two already tied the knot.”

Obito sighed, but there was still a smile on his scarred face. “Yeah… It took a while with the
elders and all… But Itachi gave us his full support and they can say nothing about it! Don’t
worry, Kakashi! I’ll tell you all about the process and Uchiha customs, for when you decide
to…”

“I’ll stop you right there!” Kakashi urgently raised his hand to silence his friend. Kami, he
already heard plenty about this topic from Mikoto-sama and Kushina as well. He really didn’t
need it from his best friend.

“Oh? So you don’t want to marry my little cousin?”

“I… do, but…” it was hard to hear himself saying it out loud. It felt like all he could think
was spending the rest of his life with Ryoko. The problem was… “I am not sure if that is
what Ryoko wants...”

“Hmm. Have you talked about it yet?”

Kakashi deadpanned.

“That’s a no then. Alright, with your speed in these things… What, should I expect for it to
happen in another five years or so? AUCH!” Obito didn’t dodge the jab Kakashi sent to his
ribs in time.

“Listen, I don’t want to rush it, okay?”

“Alright, alright, whatever you say.”

“Hn.”

“Kakashi, just be careful…”

“Hn?”

“My cousin… Ryoko... she is very guarded, you know. But when she does let someone in, it
is for life. Don’t forget that. Don’t break her, okay?”

“Ahh… yeah, I know…” he looked into the distance. Kakashi knew first hand the power he
had. The power to hurt her like no other. At this point, in regards to Ryoko, his words and
actions were sharper than any blade. He was not about to use them recklessly… again.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter End Notes

Kakashi and Ryoko's summon ^^




Art Reference



Kakashi's outfit!






Art Reference




Chapter 64: Dearly Beloved
Chapter Notes

Hope you all have a great weekend 😏

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Kakashi was keeping his promise so far. Ryoko was pleased to see him facing her family in
stride. It was a new experience for her. Too much attention if you would ask her. But it wasn’t
all bad. Their attention was on him, not her. Noone confronted her or gave her a talk. Even
mother restrained herself for the most part.

Hmmm… suspicious… Ryoko thought to herself when a few days passed and still there was
nothing. She even dared to feel safe, until mother finally called for her one evening.

“Mother,” she greeted entering the bedroom where Mikoto lay on the bed.

“Darling, sit down next to me, would you?”

“Hn,” obediently she cuddled next to Mikoto.

“So…”

“Hn?”

“What do you plan for the future?”

“My goals have not changed, mother.”

“And where is Kakashi-kun in them?”

“In my goals?...” Ryoko tilted her head slightly in question.

“Well… having a husband of his status would surely help with your goal…” she trailed off
and Ryoko knew exactly what her mother meant by it. She thought the same exact things
years ago. At this moment, Ryoko knew that Mikoto was indeed her mother and maybe this
personal trait was something she got from her. The calculating planning.

“Ahh…” Ryoko trailed off. At this moment she could not give a clear answer. Yes, she
considered Kakashi as a good choice for her future ambition, but now… When they were
actually dating… if she were honest, she hadn’t thought about him in that way even once.

“I can see that the boy really likes you. It would be easy to get him now and I know you
considered it, my intelligent daughter.”



“Hn…”

“But…”

“Hn…?”

“If you can, please reconsider using him. You see, Kakashi’s father was a dear friend of mine
from childhood. I would not like for his son to be used like this, even by you,” while she
talked, Mikoto gently brushed across Ryoko’s mane of hair.

“I am not using him, mother…” she whispered. Maybe for the first time, Ryoko felt like a
child being scolded by her parents.

“Oooh? So you like him back?”

“I… don’t know…”

“I see… Well, I think you never did anything you didn’t like, Ryoko.”

“Hn…”

“Think about it, honey. He’s a good boy, spare him if you feel nothing in return, for your
mother, okay?”

“Yes, mother…”

━━━━━━━━━━

The conversation with her mother got Ryoko thinking. Was she using Kakashi? She didn’t
think so… She felt something towards him… Something more than just a fling like he put it.
Something more than a flirtatious need, like with Ibiki. Something more than a crush like
with Shikaku. Something more than a familial love like with her brothers.

Something… but what was that something?

Ryoko knew she had a physical attraction towards Kakashi. That she was certain of. It was
easy to deduct based on her body's reaction when they kissed… And there was an odd calm
in her mind when they were together. The world around her melted into the background when
they walked together.

“I can hear you thinking,” Kakashi’s voice brought her back into the current moment of them
sitting in the sweets shop together.

“Hn.”

“So? Is something bothering you?”

“Cousin’s wedding is approaching. I am considering what to gift them on this occasion,” she
turned to stare out of the window. This was not a lie. Obito’s big day was a big deal for the
whole clan, especially the younger generation that may or may not harbor the same ambitions



as her dear cousin. Obito was the first to break the old custom of marrying inside the clan.
Everyone was excited about it.

“Dango?”

“Huh?” she turned to face Kakashi again, not sure how dango could be a good choice for a
present, but that was not what he meant. The man had extended a skewer towards her with a
sweet on the end of it. The corners of her lips turned slightly upwards. Kakashi knew exactly
how to cheer her up.

Ryoko leaned in and nommed the sweet right off the skewer without taking it into her own
hand. She could swear that Kakashi blushed… Ah… that’s right… this was something a
heroine did in one of the books he likes to read so much… she recalled. It was a simple guess
because Kakashi wasn’t baffled easily.

“Thank you…” she whispered and turned away, mind strangely at ease again. She could think
about her emotional state some other time...

━━━━━━━━━━

Finally, the day had come, where Kakashi was cornered by his sensei. This only happened,
because Kushina insisted on getting his attire ready for the wedding ceremony.

“Kakashi!” Minato smiled from ear to ear as he engulfed him in a warm hug before Kakashi
could even fully enter the apartment.

“Sensei, we have seen each other today already back at the tower,” he grumbled
halfheartedly. A hug felt nice and warm. For years, Minato was like a father to him… or an
older brother more like it.

“Oh, Kakashi, I am just so proud of you! And Happy for you! And to see both of my boys
settling in is just…” he swiped away a tear from his eye, while Kakashi tried to ignore
everything that was just said.

“Noone’s settling in…”

“Oh, come now, Kakashi! Do you really expect old man Fugaku to let you just toy around
with his daughter without being serious about it?” Kushina appeared in the doorway with her
own big smile.

The man said nothing as he hugged the woman. Yeah, he had a pretty good idea of how
exactly Fugaku-sama would react if he dared to be improper with Ryoko… He clearly
recalled the day of the dinner at the Uchiha household. In the end, it was Fugaku who
escorted him out to the compound gates.

“Kakashi, are you ready to make a lifelong commitment?” Fugaku-sama asked him then.

Honestly, he was stumped when he heard that question coming from Ryoko’s father.
Thankfully, his instincts didn’t allow him to hesitate. “Yes. Yes, I am.”



“How do you plan to support my daughter?”

“In any and all the ways I can,” another answer without a beat of silence.

“Hn. Ryoko does not need my permission to do as she pleases. She would not like that
either…” Kakashi almost smirked at that. Yes, Ryoko would not appreciate being treated as
an object. “But, we do hold traditions that I expect you to follow.”

“Yes, Fugaku-sama.”

Kakashi wasn’t a hundred percent sure that Fugaku-sama meant what he thought the man
meant, but… it felt like an approval to proceed further with caution. So maybe Minato and
Kushina were onto something…

“Come, Kakashi! I have your robes ready!” the woman grabbed his hand and tugged him
away. Sensei trailed behind them still with a smile.

“Why are you so happy, sensei?” he didn’t manage to subdue his curiosity and finally asked.
Kushina rolled her eyes.

“He’s been gloating for a few weeks now! Something about a large bet he recently won…”

“A bet?”

“Don’t worry about it,” Minato laughed nervously as he brushed over his blond hair with one
hand in a soothing motion.

Interesting…

After a grueling hour of everyone getting ready, he finally departed with Minato and his
family towards the Uchiha compound. It was buzzing. Even the walls were decorated with
brightly colored lanterns. There were many shinobi of all calibers gathering to celebrate
Obito and Anko’s wedding ceremony.

Quickly, almost like attracted by a magnet, Kakashi found his way to Ryoko. She looked…
beautiful. He smiled at her and took her hand. Maybe they were official now, but kissing was
not something he felt comfortable doing while everyone had their eyes on them.

“Hi.”

“Hn,” she curved a questioning eyebrow to their intertwined fingers. He smiled brighter
under his mask. Without saying anything more, they walked together in the crowd of people.
Kakashi kept Ryoko close to his side. Demonstratively close.

She sighed when they passed another group of girls that gave them wide eyes and proceeded
to whisper heads hunched together. “You're acting like a dog. Do you have to mark your
territory in public?”

Kakashi leaned to her ear. “Woof.”



Yes, he most definitely had to show everyone that he was serious. He would go further if he
didn’t have a strong will to live. With Uchiha all around them, Kakashi knew he had to be
cautious.

Ryoko sighed again, yet her lips twitched into a smirk for a second. He noticed that about her.
She smiled much more these days. It wasn’t the Kushina level of a smile. Nor was it the
bright cheer Obito or Shisui had. It was a very delicate Uchiha expression. It meant the world
to him.

“Well, well, well, who do we have herrrrre,” they stopped and turned to the owner of the
sweet cold voice.

“Sensei, Cherry,” Ryoko bowed her head in respect.

“Orochimaru-sama, Cherry-sama,” Kakashi too showed manners to the two tall figures in
front of them. The couple was standing close to each other. A lot like Ryoko and Kakashi, the
man thought.

“Play nice, sugarboo,” the pink-haired man snickered behind his fan. “You two look lovely.”

“Thank you, Cherry-sama,” Kakashi was rather glad that there was someone who had one of
the sannin under their palm. The thanks was not only for the compliment in this case…

“Young Hatake, all grown up I sssssee,” the snake man drawled as his piercing honey color
eyes bore into his one visible eye. At this moment, Kakashi felt like prey caught by a
predator. It was strangely similar to how he felt when confronted by Fugaku-sama…
Honestly, he should have known that there would be more people on guard where Ryoko is
concerned.

“Sensei,” Ryoko’s warning tone made the sannin smirk.

“Fine. A deal issss a deal. Just say a word, child,” with those ominous words the man walked
away with his partner on his arm.

“What was that all about?” Kakashi whispered to her.

“Ahh. Remember that time Minato locked us in the Hokage Tower?”

“Yeah… I’d rather forget about it…” he mumbled bitterly. It wasn’t his best moment. Kami,
he never wanted to see that expression on Ryoko’s face ever again.

“Well, after that, I ended up at sensei’s place… It was better than going home… And he was
not happy to see me… upset. But he promised that he would not retaliate on my behalf.”

Strange how normal it was for them to talk so openly with each other now. Yes, Ryoko was
always blunt, but even she kept a lot to herself. Kakashi squeezed her hand in silent support
and thanks. Even now he wasn’t sure he would survive if a sannin went after him.

“Let’s congratulate the two idiots,” he suggested.



“Hn.”

So they went to see Obito and Anko. The pair of the hour. Their friends. At some point,
Ryoko separated from him to help her mother, so Kakashi was left drinking with Obito as the
two observed everyone.

“Your mom looks well,” Kakashi said as he spotted the dark-haired woman conversing with
Fugaku-sama in the distance.

“Yeah… She went a long way… It’s hard, you know, after all she went through, but Anko
really helped me a lot. Kami, I am just so happy to have her by my side through all this…”

“Hn…” ...I know what you mean…

“So, I see you and my cousin are still on speaking terms,” his friend joked with a wicked
smile that his facial scars made look even sinister.

“Hn. It’s a process…”

“Riiight… You really like her, huh?” for a moment Obito became serious.

“Yeah… Hopelessly so,” Kakashi admitted without shame. Obito already knew about how he
felt, so this truth was not a big deal. It also made Kakashi feel all giddy inside. He loved the
fact that he loved Ryoko.

“You know, she likes you too.”

“You think so?”

Obito’s deadpan expression was an answer in itself. “My cousin shows affection not with
words, but with her actions. The fact that she allows you to be public about your relationship
is a huge deal, Kakashi.”

“Hn. I know,” he really did. He felt it in his guts that this was not one-sided. She didn’t have
to confess to him as he did. She didn’t have to be all lovey-dovey with him. The small things
she did… The small reactions he got from her… it was enough for Kakashi to know how she
felt. “It’s all in the way she moves...” he thought aloud.

Obito laughed. “Damn. I never would have thought that we’ll be family one day.”

“A what...??” Kakashi choked on his drink.

Obito gave him another ‘look’. “Seriously? She is my cousin, I’m not calling her that as a
joke. When you two finally marry, we will be family.”

“Ahhh…” Kakashi felt like his cheeks were burning. It was hard not to imagine such a
scenario with a wedding going on right in front of him. He would have lied if he said that he
didn’t imagine Ryoko instead of Anko in that ceremonial white kimono.



To change the topic, Kakashi asked about their former teammate. “Is Rin here? I think she
has been avoiding me and no, I don’t think it has anything to do with your wedding, Obito.”

“Oh, but it does,” his friend said. “You know that Rin was always in love with you,
Kakashi?”

“Ahhh, that was a long time ago! Just a childish crush,” he brushed it off.

“Yeah… That’s where you’re wrong, my old friend.”

Kakashi sighed and looked to the sky. “Oh, please don’t tell me that she is still…” his tongue
refused to say it. The thought of there being anything between him and Rin was rather
repulsive. She was like a little sister to him. Estranged over the years, but still a part of his
pack.

“Yes, she is.”

“Well… at least I am pretty sure that Ryoko won’t care about that… neither do I.”

Obito laughed. “Oh, I would pay money to see princess jealous!”

Kakashi didn’t share the sentiment. The thought of a jealous Ryoko sounded scary. And
strangely arousing… Damn his perverted mind for always diving into the gutter! One of these
days he will fail to control himself and… A shiver went down his spine imagining Ryoko
pinned down below him… Moaning his name…

Kami, give me strength… Her body was a perfect weapon stripping him away of any self-
control and the man was ready to wave the white flag and surrender to her charms.

━━━━━━━━━━

The ceremony was nice. Anko looked nice. You almost couldn’t tell that she was a bat shit
crazy T&I worker. Ryoko didn’t even hear her clansmen complain, or maybe they just
avoided speaking up next to her… Her mother seemed to be doing well too. Her due date was
already next month. Time really flew by…

“I’m fine now honey, go back to your boy,” Mikoto brushed Ryoko’s supporting hands off
herself. She would have argued, but instantly, Izumi was there to take over the unofficial
watch over her mother.

“Hn,” she nodded and blended back into the crowd. Before going to find Kakashi, Ryoko
decided to have a snack. By the fully stacked tables, she picked some sweets and casually
watched the guests.

The mood was in high spirits as the evening went on. People got drunk and louder. The usual.
However, there was one presence that caught Ryoko’s attention. A woman who failed to
watch Ryoko discreetly. She was used to people gawking at her, so instantly, she recognized
that look. The woman had eyes full of anger and resentment.



The only problem was that Ryoko did not recognize her. It was, by all means, a bland
woman. Nothing at all significant about her, maybe besides the odd purple markings below
her eyes. I think I’ve seen her before… Ryoko thought to herself as she made eye contact with
the woman, challenging her to come closer.

Ryoko calmly watched as the girl finally mustered some courage and approached her. What
was her name again? Riko? Rono? R… R… Rita? Ahh.. Yes. Rin. It took her a moment to
recover this insignificant detail. The woman looked determined, but it didn’t explain why this
confrontation was needed.

“Uchiha-san,” the girl greeted her with a tinge of animosity in her voice.

One delicate eyebrow on Ryoko’s face curved in amusement. “Hn.”

“Can we have a word?”

“Very well,” she sighed and followed Rin away from the buzzing crowd. She was curious
about what this woman had to say. Besides, she didn’t want some emotional peasant making
a public scene on her dearest cousin's wedding day. For some reason, Ryoko was sure that if
she refused, the girl would throw a fit.

“It’s not right!” Rin spoke up as the two stopped by some trees.

“Hn?”

“YOU! And Kakashi-kun! It’s not right!”

“Is that so?” amusement aside, Ryoko was curious to hear some real arguments against the
two of them being a couple. Considering that Rin was not part of her family, there was a
chance that the girl's arguments would have some logic. So far, she was the first outsider to
challenge their relationship openly.

Agreeing to date Kakashi and bringing him to meet her family, Ryoko was prepared for this.
She expected the clan elders to cause a fit. She expected even Shikaku to ramble about
workplace romance, definitely not because she failed to inform him before the betting pool
on her love life was called. Outsider arguments she could only speculate till now.

“YES! He deserves better!”

Aahh… Yes… That might be true… I wonder if others staring at me and Kakashi think the
same?... she thought to herself. There were many people who gawked at the two of them
walking down the street. At first, Ryoko considered that the news came as a surprise to many,
based on their previous public conflicts. But maybe they had the same thoughts as Rin here…

“Oh? And what does he deserve, Rin-san?”

“Someone… someone smart! And someone pretty, like him… AND! Someone who would
care about him! And love him!”



Well, it would be preposterous to suggest that Ryoko was not smart. That she knew to be true
about herself for a fact. The factor of ‘pretty’ could be debatable as it all depends on the eye
of the beholder, no matter how cliche that sounds. That last part… that stung. Ryoko frowned
a little, her crossed arms tensed.

Sure she cared about Kakashi. But probably not at the same level as he cared for her…
Love… That was a tough subject. Do… I love him?... Can I love him? she found herself
asking the same questions again. She felt… something. Was it love, Ryoko could not tell.

“Do you love Kakashi?” she asked out of curiosity.

“I…” the girl paused, but then her face regained the same determination that she approached
Ryoko with. “Yes! YES, I DO! I love him more than you ever could!”

That explains a lot… Ryoko nodded with understanding in her mind. It still irked her, the
girl's remarks. Is it that obvious that Ryoko is not capable of love? Can everyone see it too? Is
that what her mother meant? In that case, the moniker of ‘an ice princess’ sure fit her well.
Ryoko felt rather bitter for some reason.

“So, you think you would be a better fit for Kakashi?” she asked calmly.

“Yes! We grew up together... We were on the same team! I know him better than you ever
could! I was there for him… I was always on his side! I care for him! YOU! You never did!
What do you even want with him, huh?? I won’t allow you to toy with him as you please!”

Ryoko raised her hand to stop the woman from speaking nonsense any longer. She was over
Rin and decided to finish this pointless conversation. “Rin-san. I will tell you how it is.
You’re not very pretty and you’re not very bright. I’m so glad we had this talk,” Ryoko
smiled and walked away.

The woman gaped like a fish lost for words. Ryoko could only hope that she will learn from
these remarks and improve herself if she wants to have any chance at all in this world. It was
absurd to think that Ryoko out of all people had the time to toy around with anyone. She
never did anything without a thought and reason behind it.

If the girl thought that Kakashi needed someone pretty and smart, Rin had to open her eyes
and check herself in the mirror. She fit none of the requirements she herself stated. Well…
except the feelings part.

Unfortunately, no matter how hard Ryoko tried to not let this get to her, her mood was visibly
dampened. She no longer felt hungry for the sweets. She felt suffocated by the celebrating
crowd. There was just too much on her mind right now.

Using stealth, she faded into the background and walked outside the compound where the
streets were pleasantly silent. On her way, Ryoko plucked a flower from one of the
decorations and stared at the petals as she walked.

“This is beyond absurd...” she sighed but nonetheless, her hand raised to pluck one of the
petals. “I love him… I love him not… I love him… I love him not…”



…

“Stupid flower… what do you know!...” the stem with one remaining petal burned to a crisp
engulfed in flames of her wordless katon.

“What did that flower do to you, princess?”

“It made an astute observation,” she grumbled, not even turning to greet Shisui.

“It’s a flower,” he said dryly, questioning her logic as he sat down next to her on the rail of a
bridge she was already perched on. Like a cat, Ryoko mindlessly found herself here, staring
at the rushing water below.

“Indeed.”

“So?”

“Hn?”

“Is lady Mikoto tormenting you again about the future that you decided to escape the
celebrations?”

“Mother is always tormenting me.”

“Hmmm… What’s really bothering you, Koko?”

Ryoko never talked about her feelings. Hell, she didn’t even think about them most of the
time. All that mattered was logic, training, strategy, and her goals. Feelings were irrelevant to
her work and thus to her life. So how could she explain her current predicament? Ryoko
didn’t want to come off as one of those girls. The whiny type that has their heads deep in the
clouds. She hated those who complained, so subconsciously she never did that herself.

“Talk with me,” Shisui encouraged her gently as his hand found hers. He carefully brushed
the ash from her palm and squeezed it for reassurance.

“It’s… about Kakashi…”

Shisui frowned. “Is senpai mistreating you? Do you want me to hold him down while you
kick his ass?”

“No, Shisui… It’s just… He said… that he loves me…”

The man next to her nodded as if that was a given. “And?”

“Shisui… I don’t think I can love him back… I don’t think I can love anyone…”

“Ohhh… my silly little cousin,” he scooched closer so that his free hand could loop around
her shoulders. “What do you think love is?”



“I…” she took a moment to think about it instead of admitting her lack of knowledge. “Love
is… a range of strong and positive emotional and mental states in one. It’s when you have a
feeling of a strong attraction and emotional attachment to something or someone.”

“Well…” she knew him for a long time and Ryoko could tell Shisui was stumped. Was she
wrong?... “You’re not wrong,” he sighed. “So, based on your description, do you feel positive
emotions with Kakashi?”

Taking into account the times when he pisses her off… when he provokes her… when he
teases her… and the times when he makes her smile… The total is leaning more towards the
positive side, so she nodded in response.

“Good gooood. And what is your mental state with him?”

“Hmmm… Calm?”

“That’s good, right? And do you feel attraction towards him?”

If Shisui had asked her this a year ago, her answer would be a strong no. Now she had
experienced him shirtless pressed to her back… She had felt his breath on her neck… She felt
herself be aroused by his touch… Ryoko could not deny that there was an attraction between
them. She nodded again.

“See? You are checking all the boxes! But… I guess the last part is what you are not sure
about, am I right, princess?”

“Hn. Emotional attachment…” she hummed.

Shisui muttered under his breath something along the lines of ‘stupid geniuses… lack of
emotional intelligence… have to teach them everything…’, she ignored it. “Sooo. Let’s look
at it this way. What is an emotional attachment?”

This she could do! Looking at things logically was Ryoko’s forte, so she felt more
comfortable talking about her feelings this way and Shisui clearly knew how to approach this
subject with her. “Emotional attachment is a close connection to a person. When you feel
comfortable with being vulnerable, open, and trusting towards that person. When you can
rely on that person to be responsive and available to your needs. When you can express
yourself freely and feel secure,” she recited the definition from one of the books she had read
before.

“So? Do you feel that way about senpai?”

Ryoko looked into the distance as she made a mental list.

It would be hard to dispute the connection she has with Kakashi… So yes, she is close to
him.

Is she comfortable being vulnerable? No. With Kakashi? Ryoko wanted to say no, but the fact
was that she had already shown her vulnerability to him the day she accepted the damn



necklace again. Her hand instinctively brushed over the pendant securely hidden under her
kimono.

Is she comfortable being open with him? Yes.

Does she trust Kakashi? Yes. Fighting together as shinobi you develop trust… And they have
worked together for a very long time…

Can she rely on him? Well, just a few weeks ago Kakashi proved it to her by taking on her
family just like he promised he would… If she needed help, Ryoko was sure that he would
answer her call… This was a difficult question, as Ryoko always preferred to rely on herself
alone. Yet, she also knew that Kakashi would help her achieve her goals so that means she
could rely on him…?

And he always has food for her.

Yes, she can rely on him to satisfy her needs. Despite how reluctant he has been so far to be
more intimate with her…

Can she express herself freely with Kakashi? Yes.

Does she feel secure with him? …

“Yes… yes, I do feel that way about him.”

“There you have it! You’re officially in love, cousin!” Shisui proclaimed cheerfully as he
hugged her tighter to his side.

“That’s… it? Is it that easy?”

“Hmmm. No, usually not. But everyone makes sense of love the way they want. For you, it is
based on logic.”

“Hn. Shisui, you are far smarter than you pretend to be,” Ryoko deduced with newfound
respect towards her dear cousin.

He snickered. “Yeah, just don’t tell anyone,” he winked at her in a conspiratory manner.

After a few minutes of silence, someone behind them cleared their throat. “Chem. Am I
interrupting?”

Ryoko didn’t have to turn around to know it was Kakashi who found them. The feeling of his
staticky chakra always sent an odd vibration over her sensory fields, so she felt him approach
a while ago.

“Not at all, I was just leaving!” Shisui squeezed her hand one more time and jumped off the
railing. Passing Kakashi, he whispered to the man, “You owe me one, senpai,” but Ryoko
didn’t catch his words.

Then she felt strong hands wrap around her waist. “I missed you,” he said into her ear.



“Hn. It’s getting late.”

“Let me escort you back home,” he offered his hand. A trivial thing, especially for shinobi,
but… it reminded Ryoko of the gentlemanly manners her former father always showed. It
was not a sign of weakness to accept such an offer. The offer itself meant respect and care, so
she nodded and took Kakashi’s hand.

As they walked, Ryoko’s steps slowed until she fully stopped and let a deep sigh out.

“Something’s the matter?” Kakashi asked.

“I just remembered. Naruto will be having a sleepover with Sasuke and Sai at our home. It
will be a madhouse,” she sighed again. Just imagining three boys high on sugar made Ryoko
reluctant to go home. She just wanted a calm night.

“Hmmm. Why don’t you stay at my place tonight then?”

“Hn,” Ryoko easily agreed and they walked in the opposite direction of the Uchiha
compound.

Back in Kakashi’s apartment, Ryoko felt the calm wash over her. She definitely made the
right choice coming here. Now the only issue is this damn kimono… she cursed in her mind
struggling to get her obi off without ripping it to shreds. After a minute she gave up and
slumped to the ground in a heap of fabric.

“Need a hand?” Kakashi snickered as he stepped out of the bathroom already in his sleeping
pants.

“Yes, please.”

He crouched behind her and started working on the tightly bound knot. “So, what were you
and my kohai talking about back there?”

“About love.”

“Oh? And what about it?”

“It appears that I do have such feelings for you,” Ryoko stated as if she was simply making a
boring report to the Hokage. She felt Kakashi’s hands pause in their work.

“I see…” he hummed. There was another pause and then Ryoko was turned around face to
face with him. “Ryoko. Please say that again, I don’t think I heard you right.”

“Hn. I was considering how to categorize my emotional state and talking with Shisui I came
to the conclusion that I do feel love towards you.”

Kakashi’s sharingan eye was spinning wildly as she spoke. It seemed that the man was
holding his breath until she went silent. Did she say something wrong?...



At that moment, she heard more than she felt the ripping of her kimono fabric under
Kakashi’s palms. He quickly scooped her up from the ground into his arms wearing only the
undergarment yukata. Instinctively, her legs wrapped around his torso for stability.
“Kakashi?” she asked curious about his reaction.

He answered by locking their lips together. So it seems she didn’t say anything bad. Shortly,
they ended up on his bed in a tangled mess of limbs. His kisses were feverish on her skin and
Ryoko could not hold back a moan or two his actions brought up.

This is nice… but… I want more… Ryoko thought as he started to slow down in kissing her
neck. With one accurate twist of her legs, she was now on top of him. Her hips tightly
pressed to his. Yes, she felt ready. More than ready. The moment was right. The mood was
right. She felt wet because of him.

“What… what are you doing?” Kakashi uttered when he finally felt her hand sneaking down
his defined chest towards the hemline of his pants.

“What does it look like I’m doing?” she smirked teasingly.

“Ahh…” he sighed, eyes closed, when her palm brushed over the clear outline of his
hardened penis. “Ry… Ryoko… we… we really shouldn’t…”

“Oh? Your body thinks otherwise,” she continued to tease, her lips nibbling just below his
earlobe. Ryoko expertly weaved her hand and touched him skin to skin. She felt the man
under her shudder. Ah, men are so easy to control… she snickered pleased with the response
her actions got.

“Oh, Kami…” he shivered again when she grabbed him a bit tighter in her palm.

“Don’t you want to have sex with me, Kakashi?” it was only polite to ask, so Ryoko did. She
wasn’t sure if Kakashi had any reservations about coitus. She would respect his wishes of
course, but her needs were reaching their limit.

“Oh god… I want it bad…” he said. His eyes finally opened to stare deep into her own bright
red orbs.

“Hn,” she nodded, taking this answer as a green light to proceed. With her free hand, Ryoko
pushed aside the fabric of her yukata. Just as she thought, her vaginal lips were dripping wet.
It looked like they wouldn't need any extra stimulation to proceed. Ryoko was aware that
with this being her first time, there might be some discomfort, but she was already familiar
with sex from her former life, so she was not concerned.

I just need to ease in, adjust and it should be fine… she thought to herself, while gently lifting
above his erection. Her hand guided the tip until it was aligned with her entrance. Kakashi
watched everything from his spot, loudly gulping when he finally felt the contact.

“You’re… so wet…” he muttered in awe.



“Hn. It appears that the way you kiss me arouses my body well,” she commented like they
were just observers of a scientific experiment.

Carefully, she allowed her thighs to relax and her body, guided by gravity, lowered down to
slowly be impaled on his member. Ryoko closed her eyes and dropped her head back to better
concentrate on the sensation of something large and hard entering her. A male penis (or a
vibrator for that matter) was nowhere near the sensation she could get herself with using
fingers alone. It was much better.

This… She had forgotten how sex would make her heart race.

It felt like Kakashi was too stunned to move. He was frozen as his eyes watched without
blinking the way their bodies connected. Bit by bit, his penis found its way into her tight
folds.

Being on top, Ryoko loved the control she had. She could dictate how slow or fast things
would go. What angle and direction do they go. And she took advantage of it. The pain was
only momentary and mild compared to a stab with a kunai, but she still took her time.

“Ry..oko…” he moaned out when, finally, he was almost fully inside.

“Shh… it’s alright. I know it’s too tight for you now, but I will adjust soon,” she said, gently
brushing his hair in a soothing motion.

They were motionless together, letting their bodies get to know each other. Kakashi’s hands
wrapped around her waist, fully brushing away the yukata off her shoulders. Now Ryoko
found herself pressed to his chest, listening to the rapid beating of his heart.

“I love you, so much…” he whispered.

She heard him say it before. Numerous times, actually, yet still when he said it, the words
sent a wave of warmth through her. “And I love you…”

After a minute of slow kissing, Ryoko felt ready to move. She gently pulled from Kakashi’s
lips, her hands resting on his shoulders for stability, and lifted her hips up. They both moaned
out at the same time from this single action.

After a few more up’s and down’s, Kakashi held tighter to her waist to stop her. “Hn?”

“Ryoko, are you alright? Did… I hurt you?”

“Huh?” she blinked owlishly at him, not sure what he meant by that. She didn’t feel hurt at
all. On the contrary, Ryoko felt like her body was getting some satisfaction for once.

“I… smell blood…”

“Oh. Yes, that is only natural considering that this is my first time.”

“...”



“...”

Ryoko was about to continue, but Kakashi’s tight hold was preventing her. When she looked
into his eyes, she saw panic. “What?”

“First… time? You mean… you never?... oh Kami… I didn’t know… I thought... we
definitely should not be doing this… I am sorry… I should have...”

“Kakashi,” she cut his rambling off. He was rather cute, all worried about her like this. “All
that matters is one question - do you want me?”

“I want you, baby.”

“Hn. Then less speaking and more fucking, because,” she leaned close to his ear. “I really
like how you feel inside of me, Kakashi. Please fuck me.”

In the end, that’s all she needed to say. Kakashi regained his composure and the fire burned
bright in his eyes. They moved in sync, speed like waves of the ocean, going up and down.
Their kisses littered each other’s skin. Their sexes connected and drowned in each other's
heat.

With their shinobi stamina, the two fucked all night, until they collapsed under the morning
sun peeking through the window. Kakashi’s arms were tightly wrapped around her, their legs
intertwined. Ryoko was content to stay like this in his arms. She felt good and safe and
pleased and satisfied.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes



Ryoko's outfit ^^




Art Reference



*cough* Research *cough*






Art Reference




Chapter 65: New Leaf
Chapter Notes

This chapter will mostly be Kakashi's POV of the last chapter. I hate repeating myself
with the plot, but I felt like it is important to see how everything happened from his
eyes. Plus, he is far more detailed about it 😏😏😏

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Kakashi said his goodbyes to Obito and started to look around for Ryoko. She has been away
for a while now. Mikoto-sama was now walked around by Itachi’s wife, so where is Ryoko?
Naturally, he headed towards the tables with food. On his way, Kakashi spotted someone
else…

“Rin? What happened?” he asked, concerned when he noticed her puffy red eyes. The girl
was sitting all alone, away from people.

Rin looked up and the moment she recognized him, she jumped up for a hug. Kakashi
awkwardly returned the gesture patting her back. “Rin? Are you okay?”

“Ka-ka-kakashi-kun! She’s awful!”

“Who?”... Ah… let me guess…

“Ryoko! That… that woman! She is cruel and… and mean! How can you be with her???”

“Oookay, Rin, calm down, what happened?” he pulled away to look at her face. Did he speak
too soon?… Was Ryoko angered by Rin’s feelings for him?...

“She-she-she insulted me! And all I wanted was to talk!”

Well… that doesn’t sound out of the ordinary… Ryoko can often come off that way to people
who don’t know her… he sighed. “Rin, I am sure it was just a misunderstanding.”

“No!! I just told her the truth! And she didn’t care one bit!”

“The truth..?”

“Yes! That you deserve better! Kakashi-kun, she doesn’t love you! She’s just using you!”

He blinked. Slowly his hands dropped to his sides from Rin’s shoulders and he took a couple
of steps away from the girl. “You… you said that to her…?”



“Of course I did! Because I care about you, Kakashi-kun!” Rin’s watery eyes looked up at
him like a hurt puppy would. They were full of admiration despite the hurt. She tried to reach
for his hand, but Kakashi pulled away. His mind was racing.

Sure, Ryoko wouldn’t care if someone tried to set themselves as a rival to her. She was
confident in her strengths. Yet, feelings were not one of them. Talking with Ryoko about
feelings was like trying to disarm an active explosive tag. One wrong move, and… Saying to
Ryoko that she doesn’t care about someone, who she definitely cares about, is as good of a
trigger as slapping Sasuke on the face in her presence.

Maybe Ryoko has never voiced her feelings for him, but Kakashi knew she had them… He
could feel them without her having to say it… Every time she graced him with her presence,
every time she smiled with him, every time she kissed him… he knew.

“Kakashi…?” Rin reached out again, but he stepped away once more.

“Why… Why would you do that? Why are you messing with someone I deeply care about?”
he whispered, voice slightly shaking. At this moment, he wanted to run away in search of
Ryoko. He was afraid of what Rin’s tactless comment could do to their fragile relationship…
Kami forbid, Ryoko will start to overthink it and… decide that Rin was right…

“But… but it’s true… she doesn’t love you like I do!”

Kakashi raised his hand. “Rin! Stop this at once! I care about you only as a sister. I will never
reciprocate your feelings, so forget about it and move on,” he tried hard to keep his
composure in public. People were already giving them odd glances. It’s not that easy to have
a private argument in a shinobi village… Despite all the attention, Kakashi’s expression did
darken in the end. “And if you ever try to come between me and Ryoko again, I will never
forgive you.”

Kakashi turned away and left. He had to find Ryoko, fast! Just as he thought, she wasn’t by
the sweets table. She would lose her appetite when she is upset… Quickly, he got out of the
compound, looked to the sides, there was no one around. Kakashi lowered his mask and
inhaled deeply to find her scent.

There! He could find her even in a crowd, but this way, he didn’t have to worry about people
seeing his face. Kakashi put his mask back in place and walked in the direction Ryoko had to
be in. Ignoring the urgency, he tried to walk slowly and calmly. He had to think about his
approach carefully.

Kakashi didn’t want to say something wrong in this situation, to further prove the twisted
perspective Rin so graciously dropped on Ryoko’s head. Finally, he spotted her sitting on the
railing of a bridge with… Shisui?

“Hn. Shisui, you are far smarter than you pretend to be,” he heard Ryoko’s voice.

“Yeah, just don’t tell anyone.”



After a few minutes of silence, Kakashi announced his presence by clearing his throat.
“Chem. Am I interrupting?”

“Not at all, I was just leaving!” Shisui spoke up with his ever-present smile. Passing Kakashi,
he whispered to the man almost without any sound, “You owe me one, senpai.” The
expression on the boy’s face was now tired and serious for once. Kakashi nodded.

He inhaled deeply and walked up to Ryoko from behind. She hadn’t turned around yet.
Gently he wrapped his hands around her waist. The silky kimono felt pleasant under
Kakashi’s fingertips. “I missed you,” he chose his words carefully and he meant it.

“Hn. It’s getting late.”

“Let me escort you back home,” he offered his hand. Ryoko looked calm as she spoke. She
didn’t look upset at all, as if she would ever show her weakness so easily… Thankfully, all
was not lost - she took his hand. Unfortunately, he noticed her reluctance as they started to
walk back towards the compound.

“Something’s the matter?” Kakashi asked, begging for her to open up to him. I’m here!
Please… please trust me...

“I just remembered. Naruto will be having a sleepover with Sasuke and Sai at our home. It
will be a madhouse,” she sighed. That may be true, but he didn’t want to push it and force her
to speak if Ryoko didn’t want to.

“Hmmm. Why don’t you stay at my place tonight then?” he offered in hopes of getting a
chance to clear the air while in the comfort of his home.

She agreed and the rest of the way they walked in silence. Her hand was warm in his. They
looked like just another couple on a midnight stroll. Yet, Kakashi was still concerned. He
wanted to be gentle and mindful, but he also didn’t want to let Ryoko stew in her thoughts for
too long.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ibiki bitterly watched as the pair walked away holding hands. Somebody at T&I said that
Ryoko got a new friend, but he couldn’t accept it without seeing it with his own eyes.
(Un)Fortunately, Anko invited him to her wedding so he had a good reason to be there.

Does he love you better than I can? he thought the first time he spotted Kakashi and Ryoko
holding hands in the compound. It was stupid to feel this way, he was well aware. And yet
Ibiki could not help but feel like he was spinning around in circles with Ryoko being his
point of gravity.

I’m right over here! Why can’t you see me?... he despaired in stoic silence. He felt like he
gave his all, but it was still not enough. He watched Kakashi kiss her and it hurt.

So far away but still so near… She was just meters away... But still I'm not the guy you're
taking home… he looked up in the sky as a tear rolled down his cheek.



“Maaan, why does my chest hurt…” he smirked. This was the end of his battle. He lost.

━━━━━━━━━━

A good moment to bring up the subject covertly appeared when he found Ryoko so adorably
slumped on his bedroom floors all given up in a fight with her kimono. “Need a hand?”
Kakashi snickered despite himself. In the bathroom, he had a moment to calm down and
collect his thoughts, but seeing her like this, any leftover worry washed away. He could do
this!

“Yes, please.”

He crouched behind her and started working on the tightly bound knot. “So, what were you
and my kohai talking about back there?” he asked as casually as possible. He didn’t want to
admit talking with Rin just yet. Shisui’s comment gave him hope...

“About love.”

Oh…

“Oh? And what about it?” he asked in the same laid-back manner, but his hands slightly
trembled. He clearly underestimated how fast Ryoko’s brain worked to analyze things.

“It appears that I do have such feelings for you.”

“I see…” he hummed. Almost too stressed to actually hear what she said. Wait a damn
minute… His hands froze up. All blood drained from them. Urgently he turned Ryoko around
to have a clear view of her face. “Ryoko. Please say that again, I don’t think I heard you
right,” miraculously his voice didn’t crack.

“Hn. I was considering how to categorize my emotional state and talking with Shisui I came
to the conclusion that I do feel love towards you.”

...Shisui, I wish you good health and prosperity… My number one favorite kohai… May your
life be bless with good fortune!...

The breath Kakashi was holding finally escaped his lips. He was relieved and… KAMI! SHE
LOVES ME! ME!... A surge of uncontrolled chakra flushed out of his hands and the
electricity ripped the obi he was holding onto. He quickly scooped Ryoko up from the ground
into his arms. Kakashi wanted to hug her and never let go!

“Kakashi?” she asked, sounding puzzled.

The man was so happy that he could kiss her! Wait… he really could do that… Without
wasting time, that is exactly what Kakashi did. He latched onto her mouth in celebration. She
was weightless in his arms. Her tights under his palms felt like his own personal connection
to reality. Kami, he was so happy.

He wanted to devour her whole. On instinct, he carried her to his bed, and now, with his
hands free, Kakashi could properly worship Ryoko, like the goddess that she was. He pulled



away from her lips and started a trail of kisses on her jaw towards her delicious neck. Each
one was placed with care and tenderness.

“Ah!” she gasped out a moan when he reached the spot. He smirked and continued.
Kakashi’s hand meanwhile stroked her exposed thigh, while his other hand worked on the
impossible task of cupping her breast.

He was so distracted that Kakashi was caught completely off guard when Ryoko flipped them
over. He couldn’t complain, with the view he got from down there. They continued to share a
passionate kiss, all while she quivered on top of him. Her position on him was… let’s just
say, that if he wasn’t erect before, now he could probably cut glass with his shaft.

Such predicament happened more often than Kakashi would like, but he didn’t complain. He
was pretty happy with how things were… and the things were… “What… what are you
doing?” Kakashi uttered when he finally felt her hand sneaking down his scar-littered chest
towards the hemline of his pants.

“What does it look like I’m doing?” she smirked teasingly. Devil. She was the devil
incarnate.

“Ahh…” he sighed, eyes closed, when her palm brushed over his crotch. The fabric of his
night pants was thin enough for him to clearly feel her touch. “Ry… Ryoko… we… we really
shouldn’t…” he honestly tried to be a decent man. He did. Every instinct in his body said that
this was a bad idea. Itachi will surely kill him if Fugaku-sama doesn’t get to him first...Her
father was crystal clear on the importance of traditions… Kakashi was sure that there was
some rule about having sex before marriage, but his brain refused to work.

“Oh? Your body thinks otherwise,” she continued to tease, her lips nibbling just below his
earlobe. This completely shut him up. Kakashi was waving a white flag of surrender.

When she finally touched him directly, Kakashi was already a goner. He shivered and inhaled
sharply, all his senses being full of Ryoko. His hands traveled her curvaceous body as if
looking for something to hold on to before the wild ride began.

“Oh, Kami…” he shivered again when she grabbed him a bit tighter in her palm. The man
almost came at that exact moment.

“Don’t you want to have sex with me, Kakashi?”

Ryoko was driving him insane. Did I hear it right?... she wants to really… have sex… with
me?... I don’t think I have the strength to resist… were his desperate and mangled thoughts.
“Oh god… I want it bad…” he said truthfully. Kakashi opened his eyes to see the angelic
face of the devil. She was not kidding. She was as confident as ever. She actually wanted this,
so how could he ever refuse? Kakashi was only thankful that his sharingan could keep a
record of this memory for the rest of his life.

“Hn,” she nodded simply and he could only watch mesmerized as the woman of his dreams
took charge. It was like a genjutsu or one of his fantasies. Everything happened in slow



motion for Kakashi. He stared wide-eyed at her now exposed sex and yes, there was clearly
glistening wetness between her legs. His penis twitched in her hand from that view.

The man gulped when he felt her juices with his tip. “You’re… so wet…” he muttered in
awe. Clear evidence of Ryoko's desire for him. Her next words only proved it further.

“Hn. It appears that the way you kiss me arouses my body well.”

The first breach of her lips took Kakashi's breath away. This was really happening and he
could not believe it. The tightness barely registered at first because of the initial shock. He
looked up to see Ryoko relaxed and arched on top of him. Her head dropped back and her
now bare skin illuminated only by the moonlight. His hands squeezed at her waist. Kakashi
felt so overfilled with all kinds of emotions, that he wanted to crush Ryoko in his arms.

He looked down again where their bodies were connected. The sight was majestic. His dick
was slowly disappearing inside her. At this moment, he was not concerned about condoms or
contraception. Even after having that god-awful conversation with Itachi.

The truth was, that the reason the Hatake clan was almost extinct was because they had to
meet certain conditions to successfully breed. That is why Kakashi felt safe doing this bare.
He knew that the chance of Ryoko getting pregnant was very low if not nonexistent at this
moment. Of course, he was not about to risk it with premature ejaculation, no matter how
safe he felt or how hard her inner walls were squeezing him.

Slow and controlled inhales helped Kakashi to center his mind and relax before he finished.
“Ry..oko…” he moaned out when, finally, he was almost fully inside. Kakashi was not
ashamed to be vocal. His hand brushed over her belly and he could practically feel the way
he was poking out from the other side. Kami… she’s so tiny… how does that even fit… oh
GOD… he felt lightheaded from the pressure.

From afar he heard Ryoko’s sweet and calming voice. “Shh… it’s alright. I know it’s too tight
for you now, but I will adjust soon,” she said while brushing his hair in a soothing motion.
Unconsciously, Kakashi leaned into her touch. He wanted to laugh at himself. He was sure
that he had said the same line on more than one occasion to his former partners.

They were motionless together, letting their bodies get to know each other. Kakashi hugged
Ryoko tighter, close to his chest. No, he will never let her go. She was his. From now and
forever. “I love you, so much…” he whispered from the depths of his heart.

“And I love you.”

They kissed while Kakashi was still sheathed deep inside her. When Ryoko pulled away, his
face lifted up, unwilling to be separated from her, but then… she moved. They both moaned,
Kakashi couldn’t hear anything as there was only a rush of blood in his ears. The adjustment
period was slow, but he felt like he could finally pay attention again.

As Kakashi’s senses sharpened again, that's when he smelled the blood. His hands instantly
grabbed her waist, to stop her from moving anymore. Blood… no… please no… did… I do
this?...



“Hn?”

“Ryoko, are you alright? Did… I hurt you?”

“Huh?” she looked confused, so maybe she didn’t notice it yet...

“I… smell blood…” Kakashi explained ashamed of himself and his weakness. If only his will
would have been stronger, this would not have happened...

“Oh. Yes, that is only natural considering that this is my first time.”

“...”

“...”

A WHAT NOW??? The man was sure that a beautiful and confident woman like Ryoko had
her fun. Especially after he found out about her and Ibiki. That guy heavily implied that
they… But if they hadn’t… it means that… Kakashi was simply shocked and afraid of what
this meant...

“What?” she asked as if this was no big deal!

“First… time? You mean… you never?... oh Kami… I didn’t know… I thought... we
definitely should not be doing this… I am sorry… I should have...” he rambled on while his
mind raced. That’s it. Her family will definitely kill him if they ever find out...

“Kakashi,” she cut him off. Bright red eyes gazing at him captivated Kakashi’s attention. “All
that matters is one question - do you want me?”

Was that it? Was it that simple? Her calmness was contagious and Kakashi felt reason return
to his head. That’s right. Why is he so worried? It’s not like he plans on ever leaving Ryoko.
This would have happened sooner or later. And if he has to take the burden of being her first
and only one partner Kakashi will gladly walk through the flames of Amaterasu if he has to.
He will do anything for her.

“I want you, baby.”

“Hn. Then less speaking and more fucking, because,” she leaned close to his ear. “I really
like how you feel inside of me, Kakashi. Please fuck me.”

God she’s hot… he thought in awe. And most importantly - she wants him back. Like a
second breath awakened in him and he was ready to worship Ryoko the rest of the night. He
locked their lips and moved his hips to match her demanding rhythm.

After one particularly precise thrust on his part, Ryoko quivered, her hands grabbed harder to
his shoulders, nails digging into his skin. Kakashi felt her inner muscles flutter. That was his
queue! The man quickly turned the tables by flipping them. Taking the top position, he
snapped his hips in long and passionate motions to make sure that her first orgasm would be
the best she could ever have.



He didn’t stop there. No, the night was just starting. Deliberately Kakashi slowed his pace, to
distance his own climax. It was unbearable, but he endured.

They changed positions again. Ryoko was back in her senses and on top of him. Making it
incredibly hard to resist the temptation of succumbing to the pleasure of fucking her. Indeed,
he could not hold on much longer. The way her hips rolled against him was the thing that
broke him completely.

One sane part of his mind, not clouded by lust, managed to grab Ryoko’s waist in time and
pull out just before he ejaculated. He knew of his clan’s limitations, but that was not a reason
to risk it, so sticky white ropes of semen landed on his own abdomen. Kakashi panted heavily
as he experienced an orgasm like never before.

The man reached with his hand to the side, looking for a cloth, a sheet, or just anything to
wipe himself clean. That’s why he didn’t notice how Ryoko leaned in and… Instantly his
eyes snapped to see the love of his life sensually licking cum off his skin. His softening dick
twitched showing signs of life again.

He was speechless and could only gape at her. Ryoko looked up as her sharp tongue dragged
across his skin. This was a genjutsu. It had to be… That’s when he noticed a mischievous
smile on her face. The woman licked her lips and smirked. “Hmm. Looks like I need to save
your dick by giving it CPR,” she spoke as her hand brushed up his thigh to the crotch.

What… he didn’t have to question Ryoko’s words for too long. Her hand brushed along his
shaft and finally rested on his balls, casually playing with them like the kitten she was. Her
tongue made another appearance and gently started to lick him from base to the tip.

“CPR… ha... ha… very funny…” he gasped with a dry joke, but honestly, Kakashi was
completely at her mercy. He resisted the urge to close his eyes and continued to watch as his
length filled her mouth. Her head bobbed in a hypnotic rhythm. She wasn’t in a hurry. It felt
like she was exploring him.

Then she did something… with her tongue… It made Kakashi’s toes curl. Like a feral
animal, he pulled Ryoko away, her supple chest now pressed to his mattress, one hand on her
neck, the other on her thigh. Face down, ass up. That’s the way he liked to fuck the most. A
small growl left his throat as he squeezed her asscheek.

The way her back curved was… perfection. Kakashi couldn’t wait any longer. His penis was
now fully erect and maybe even harder than before. He guided himself to her slick folds.
Rubbed against them until the wetness transferred perfectly all along his dick. This time, he
was far hastier as he entered her.

With a snap of his hips, he was in. Pushing deep into her until the very limits. Until the very
base, that even his balls slapped at her entrance. “Ahhh… KAKASHI!” she moaned out in
pleasure. He could see her hands grabbing onto the white fabric of his sheets.

He pulled out and back again. As deep as he could. Each time he repeated this move, she
moaned in response. Music to his ears. Of course, the man himself grunted and gasped in



sync. When the rhythm started to increase, he released her neck and instead grabbed a hold of
her both breasts from behind.

Ryoko’s hands now took hold of his bed frame to support them both as he relentlessly fucked
her pussy. This close he could practically see their chakra charging the air itself. Her skin
looked translucent. Sharingan eye even noticed how prominent her scars became… the ones
from the tailed beast attack… like veins flowing with chakra under her skin...

She looked like a magical deity that graced him with her existence.

“Fuck! Ryo...o..ko… I’ll cum again…” he whispered into her ear between grunts, just before
biting down on her shoulder. Her head was dropped back, practically resting on his shoulder.
There was a slither of saliva going down her chin from her parted lips. Ryoko was fully in the
moment of their lust. Just like him.

He felt his balls tense. It was a sign for the upcoming release. Kakashi was about to pull out
when he felt Ryoko’s hand grab his butt to keep him in place. If she doesn’t let me pull out… I
will… of god… It was already too late. That second of hesitation and her hold was enough to
push him over the edge.

Breathing heavily and with a wild grunt, he bottomed out and finished in her. His mind was
blank. There was only pleasure. No thoughts. He felt her quiver around him just a second
after his own climax. It’s like she was milking him.

“You… why…” words were a foreign concept to his melted brain.

“It’s fine, Bakashi. I’m on birth control,” she whispered tiredly all ready to collapse under
him. “Ah… I’m… so happy…” she sighed and slumped on his pillow. Kakashi barely
managed to stop himself from dropping on top of her.

With a wince and a moan he slowly pulled out and leaned back. The view… oh, the view
before him was something else. Being a shinobi, he didn’t feel tired just yet with all the
adrenaline pumping in his veins. He knew that Ryoko wasn’t tired either. Physically at least.
She was clearly pushed to her emotional limits and that can bring a tall on a person as much
as a good workout.

Kakashi’s eye drifted from her content face to the curve of her spine, the mound of her butt,
her spread legs, and… the bright as white snow substance leaking from her. “Naughty
kitten,” he whispered, biting his lip ever so slightly.

Despite how much he wanted to fall right next to her, the man stood up on his shaky legs. He
scooped Ryoko into his arms and took her to the bathroom. Carefully, they both stood in the
shower. She was half asleep as Kakashi washed her body clean. He didn’t think much. His
mind was still blank from the intense pleasure. The motions of his hands were gentle, loving.

Then he dried her and himself. With care, he forced her to drink some water, and only then
did he bring her back to his bedroom. During their shower, his automatically conjured clone
cleaned up and they laid in fresh sheets. It was like Kakashi was operating on autopilot with
only a single mission before him - to take care of his person.



Carefully he put Ryoko down on his bed like she was the most precious thing in the world.
His queen. His person. His pack. His… His… She was only his. The sun started its rise when
Kakashi joined her. He gazed at her face and felt that everything was finally right in this
world.

━━━━━━━━━━

When Ryoko opened her eyes, the first thing she saw was Kakashi. Or to be more precise his
neck. She tilted her head up and took a good look at his face. Hmm… he really is good
looking… she thought to herself.

Her hand gently brushed along his chest. There was a steady heartbeat under her fingertips.
She traced one nasty-looking scar on his side lost in her thoughts that were unusually quiet.

“Hey,” his half-lidded eyes met Ryoko when she looked up.

“Hi.”

He smiled and leaned to kiss her on the lips. She sighed in delight. Thank goodness it was her
day off…

“Who gave you this scare?” she asked, tracing the same spot again.

Kakashi looked down and smirked. “You did.”

“Hn.” That’s right. It was that rescue mission.

They laid like this for a long while. In silence, admiring each other, reminiscing about the
battles and scars left behind. “Hmmm. What about this one?” he asked after kissing one old
mark just above her hip bone.

“That’s the one you left after our spar that time when we fought wearing kimonos…”

“Ahh,” she noticed a smile on his lips. His hands finally returned to her waist and she was
engulfed by his scolding heat. “Ryoko, yesterday… I spoke with Rin…”

“Ohh?” she would be concerned if not for the position they were in now… Or maybe…
maybe last night's events were a farewell from his side and Kakashi decided to choose Rin
instead…

“I can hear you thinking. Stop it,” he chastised and nipped her neck for emphasis.

“Hn.”

“I am sorry that you had to deal with it… with her… Rin was out of line.”

“Oh… It seems that she really cares for you.”

“Yeah… Rin was always like a little sister to me. I care about her too, but in a different way.”



“I see.”

“The only one I love is you, Ryoko.”

“...” she felt a blush creep to her cheeks. Well. That’s that. “Than I apologize too, for coming
at you so strongly yesterday without a warning…”

He laughed. “Yeah. I was truly surprised that you haven’t at least been with Morino in that
way.”

“Hn? What gave you that idea?” Ryoko looked up. “Although, I guess it is rather fitting that
you became my first.”

Now Kakashi looked mildly confused. “Why is that?

“Well, you were my first kiss as well.”

“What.”

She laughed before reminding him of their first undercover mission and that unplanned kiss.
In the end, Kakashi buried his face in her hair with a deep sigh. “Damn. I really got you all
wrong this whole time… I was sure that you had plenty of attention from boys… And I just
took something like that from you… sorry…”

“Bakashi. You are as true to your name as ever.”

“MmmmmmMMmm? That’s not what you said last night,” his snicker became darker and
their gentle embrace quickly turned heated. It was a good afternoon for all involved.

━━━━━━━━━━

A week into April mother was finally rushed to the hospital.

“It’s a boy. Congratulations, father,” Itachi announced as he stepped into the crowded waiting
room. Ryoko held on to Sasuke’s hand who was ready to pounce forward to meet his new
sibling. She met her elder brother’s eyes and they nodded to each other. A silent promise
once again. To forever protect. To forever care. To forever love.

Fugaku straightened up and entered first. He was handed a tightly wrapped bundle.
“Welcome to this world, my son. Uchiha Tendou.” Bright red eyes all around them took in
the sight. A new life was just born into their clan. A new bright life in all of their lives.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes



That's how I imagine Ryoko's scar thing. It appears only when chakra is involved, but
usually it is left unnoticed, because she is heavily covered most of the time, even with
gloves




Art Reference




Chapter 66: Pressure
Chapter Notes

Have a great weekend everyone!

In this chapter, three months pass in Konoha ^^ There will be a bit more time skips
moving on, so keep that in mind.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“This is such a drag,” Ryoko sighed watching Izumi fuss over the dishes.

“You’re finally sounding like Shikaku-sama,” Itachi snickered by her side.

“Hmpf. I just don’t see what’s the big deal here? As if no one has ever had a child before?
Mother already had four.”

“This is a tradition, sister. To celebrate with family, so cheer up,” for the first time in a long
while she became a recipient of Itachi’s trademark poke to the forehead. Ryoko frowned. She,
unfortunately, couldn't snap back because people started gathering at their home.

It wasn’t that big of an event. Only close family members like Izumi’s family, their cousins,
father's sister, and a couple of decent elders of the clan. Ryoko found this whole affair boring
and a waste of her time. She would rather spend the evening with Kakashi, but he was on a
mission outside the village.

“Such a drag,” she sighed again, successfully ignoring her subconscious dependency on
Kakashi, which developed without her permission.

“Oh, by the way, I heard cousin Shisui is finally bringing his date over.”

“Ohh?” that got her attention. There was a knock on the door. Itachi smirked teasingly. The
bastard already knew who it was! Ryoko frowned and marched right up to welcome her dear
secretive cousin. Hastily she opened the door and…

“Aww! Ryoko-chan! Long time no see, huh?”

She blinked. Looked at her cousin then at the very familiar woman. Back at Shisui. Shook
her head and looked back at the woman next to him. “Maaa, I should start calling you foxie,
senpai,” Ryoko smirked at Cheetah, her former ANBU teammate. “Sneaky sneaky,” she
continued to chastise the couple after Cheetah finally let her go from a tight hug. Well, as
tight as it could be considering their… natural barriers.

“This is Tachi Yua,” Shisui introduced his girlfriend to everyone.



Yua… Binding love, huh? Ryoko never bothered with shadow rank agent names. But this was
no longer her former comrade. This was now a new addition to her inner circle. Just like
Anko, Cheetah was someone special to her beloved cousin, in turn being precious to Ryoko
as well.

Thinking about it longer, Ryoko wanted to hit herself over the head. How did she not notice
this sooner? Cheetah… no, Yua even asked about the Uchiha clan a few times, but then
Ryoko was sure that it was for Anko… Guess, both of the girls were in the same boat.

“Sorry for keeping this from you, Captain,” Yua whispered with a smirk, while everyone
leisurely conversed or cooed over little Tendou.

“Hn. I’m not a captain, so not sure who you’re talking to.”

“Hai hai, Ryoko-chan!”

Another sigh. She sure was doing that a lot today. “It’s fine, Yua. I get it. It’s not easy to be
affiliated with us. You will see that soon, now that you two are public.”

“Hmmm. That’s true, but I say, bring it on bitches!”

They laughed together like old times. Ryoko couldn’t fault Shisui’s choice. Yua was a
competent kunoichi as much as she was pretty.

“Oh, by the way, Ryoko, nice kill!”

“Hn?”

“Oh don’t be coy with me now! It sure explains why Hound-taicho was in such a good mood
lately. Most agents were really freaked out about it too.”

“Oh?” Ryoko failed to conceal her delighted smile. Indeed, ANBU Kakashi was a perfect
machine, so probably to see him in a good mood back in the headquarters meant something
ominous to someone.

“Hm, hm! But when I think about it now,” Yua looked up as if deep in thought. “Yeah, when
the news spread they were actually even more scared of him.”

“Good.”

“Oh, and I heard that Commander had a long private talk with him, do you know what that
was all about?”

Commander?... The only possible explanation in Ryoko’s head was the bitter memory of her
own talk with the commander. She took note of Cheetah’s words and decided to ask Kakashi
about it directly. It could all be rumors too… “No idea. Commander is weird sometimes.”

“Hmm… True… So, Ryoko-chan…”

“Hn?” Ryoko glanced to her side, to see a very rare sight - Cheetah being shy.



“Do you think… your family… will accept me?”

“Why wouldn’t they?”

“I’m… older than Shisui… and I have a reputation… and I’m not an Uchiha… and…”

“Yua. I’ll stop you right there. Do you remember what I said back then about people who
gossip and try to shame you?”

“Yes. Fuck their option,” once more there was a bright smile on the woman's face. Hmm,
very much like Shisui’s own smile. They were both bright like the sun. A good match.

“Hn.”

“Oh, and, Ryoko-chan?”

“What?”

“You have to tell me all about how you tamed the Hound one day!”

Ryoko discretely turned away and left this conversation before her cheeks decided to
doublecross her and blush. Funny how people just assumed that it was her doing. If Ryoko
were honest with herself, she knew that it was Kakashi’s persistence that moved things along.
Although recently she moved things along just fine…

To keep her memories away from the gutter, Ryoko decided to occupy herself with her new
brother. “Time to give mother a break,” she whispered to Tendou, leaning to pick him up. She
would do this sometimes when Sasuke was a baby too.

“Aww, thank you, darling,” Mikoto chirped before elbowing father to his side. “Fu, darling,
look how adorable the two of them look! Imagine that’s how Ryoko will look with our
grandkids!”

She was no longer safe in her own home. Ryoko ignored the comment and bailed another
conversation before her father could regain color in his face. While cradling Tendou, she got
a chance to look around and noticed that Izumi was acting… odd…

Could it be… She glanced at Itachi by the woman’s side. They looked anxious but otherwise
didn’t show much. It wouldn’t be a big surprise if the two announced their own family
growth. The whole clan was already expecting that. It probably put even more pressure on
her brother’s shoulders. Especially when he’s compared to father in that regard...

Ryoko decided not to pry and let the couple announce it on their own terms. Subconsciously,
she of course started to pay closer and protective attention towards Izumi.

━━━━━━━━━━

At the end of April, things turned for the worst.



Ryoko should be glad for getting a mission outside of the village, but… “Please kill me now,”
she whispered desperately to the calm Itachi standing by her side. He only smiled. Such a
cruel brother she had…

“Oh! My favorite Uchiha is finally back! What a blessed day for my soul,” young Daimyo
practically skipped to greet her.

Yes. She was on that mission again. And of course, it had to be team Ro chaperoning them.
“Do your magic, sister,” Itachi whispered to her before pushing Ryoko slightly forward
towards the incoming Daimyo. The old one died recently and his eldest son finally took over.
Ryoko didn’t have to guess much. She knew that Itachi brought her only because the last time
their agreement went on so well because of her influence.

“My lord,” she bowed, all lady-like with a fake smile on her face.

“Hime, come! There is much I want to show you!” the Daimyo only barely acknowledged
her brother or the Hyuga that came along with them. His eyes were only on her. Ryoko
swears she could feel Kakashi snickering there in the back at her misery.

Oh, you’ll pay for that!... she promised to herself while nodding at some random things the
young man talked about. She couldn’t be bothered to listen more intently.

The only saving grace of the trip this time around was that Daimyo was required to
participate in all the boring meetings, unlike the last time. Unfortunately, he still managed to
corner her for some evening tea the next day.

“You came! What a delight!” he clapped his hands when Ryoko finally stepped into the
evening tea room.

“My lord,” curtsies aside, she sat down and started pouring tea. It was only the two of them
here. And a few guards just outside the door. And Konoha’s ANBU agent outside the
window.

“You look ravishing this evening, hime.”

“You are too kind, My Lord.”

“I must commend the efforts of your father and your brother, respectively.”

“My Lord?”

“I have been relentless in my pursuit of your hand in marriage, but they have yet to fold to
my request.”

I wish you good health and prosperity my father and brother! she silently said her thanks, but
outside there was only a coy smile for Daimyo to see. “Ah, I see. Yes, I am very blessed to
have such a loving and protective family.”

“But,” he leaned in closer and bravely brushed a strand of dark hair behind her ear. “A
capable and independent woman such as yourself can surely make her own decisions,” he



whispered into her ear. It’s not like Ryoko didn’t expect something like this to happen, but…

“My Lord. I believe you are already wed or am I mistaken?” That fact let her fall into what
appears to be a false sense of security next to this man.

“Well, yes, I do have a wife!” he laughed for a second, before flipping back into his far too
obvious voice of seduction. “But you could be an exquisite concubine of mine.”

“I must decline.”

“Ah,” there was a heavy pause between them, but Ryoko did not feel sorry one bit about it.
She was not interested and her dignity would not allow her to bed someone for political
reasons even if it would benefit her clan. She knew she was more capable than to resort to
such measures. “It must be tiring carrying all that armor,” he added, finally pulling away
from her side.

“Pardon me?”

“Oh, hime, I’ve heard about your accomplishments over the years. I will not lie, after our first
meeting, I was highly intrigued so I looked into you. Not just anyone could work under the
esteemed Hokage of the Village Hidden in the Leaves. It must be exhausting keeping up that
impeccable facade of yours.”

“I am a shinobi, My Lord. This is no burden for me.”

“Indeed. Yet I still had hope that you, a woman of taste and remarkable skills, would
appreciate the benefits of being by my side.”

The man was smug and bold, she had to hand it to him. Yet still, such a thought never crossed
her mind. Before Ryoko could answer, the man spoke again.

“Or… are these captivating eyes of yours looking longingly into the distance for another?”

Her eyes darted to look at the Daimyo. She would not expect for him or anyone at that matter
to notice. Was she that transparent? He laughed at her surprise.

“Not to boast, but I have a sixth sense for things like that. I can always tell when a woman
coming-on on me has another man on her mind. Part of the responsibility one has, being in a
position like mine, is to know how to read people and their intentions.”

“Hn. You might be the one with heavy armor on your shoulders here, My Lord,” she smirked.

He laughed again. Of course, Ryoko could have objected and declined his suspicion. She
could act very convincing if she chose to. She could have pretended for this trip alone, to
secure a good trading agreement. Yet she liked the fact of having someone. She wanted to tell
people about it. She wanted to be off-limits. Just thinking about Kakashi, who was so close,
just a wall away, made her insides tingle.

“Hmm. Wise as ever. The stories are true, I see. So do tell, about your suitor, before I am
tempted to steal one kiss from you,” he teased with a whisper far too close for Ryoko’s



comfort.

“Ah… he is…” Ryoko’s cheeks slightly blushed on their own accord. She couldn’t say aloud
that Kakashi was just good-looking, or that his skills in combat make her horny, or that he is
watching them right this moment… “He is good for me and I care deeply about him.”

“A lucky man, I envy him and curse him at the same time,” he snickered, not actually joking
with his statement. “Well, if you ever change your mind, hime,” he kissed her hand in a way
that made Ryoko want to chop the appendage off.

“I will keep that in mind, My Lord,” she smiled gently before leaving. The woman was
impressed with her own self-control. Father would be proud.

After she walked only two corridors away from the Daimyo’s chambers, a masked ANBU
appeared behind her, like a shadow following her steps. His staticky chakra made the hairs on
her back stand up. This was thrilling! Not being able to talk with each other freely… Not
being able to embrace each other… Not being able to sleep by each other’s side…

Hm… I should make good on my retribution promise… Ryoko thought to herself when she
finally was back in her room. She could sense Hound perched on a tree outside her window.
Just doing his honorable bodyguard duty, of course. A wicked smirk stretched her lips.

Welcome to my world of misery, Babaksi… she cackled in her mind, while slowly disrobing
from her evening kimono. Ryoko stood right in front of her open window as each layer of
cloth fell to the ground until she was bare.

Casually, the woman walked into her bathroom. The shadow followed her movements from
the outside. “How lovely! What a nice view even here,” she smiled looking through the
bathroom window. Her arms reached up and she slowly stretched.

Ryoko decided to take a long bath while she had the time on her hands. That was all she
planned, but somehow… Well, by pure accident, while washing herself, her hands became
more tender with their touch and in no time at all, Ryoko already dropped her head back and
moaned slightly from her own fingers doing their thing under the water.

She bit her lip when the first wave of the orgasm washed over her body. This felt nice, but in
the end, Ryoko still felt unfulfilled. She needed more. After today's performance, she could
only hope that Kakashi will not waste time when they get back to Konoha, his unwavering
professionalism in missions be damned!

Ahh… I cannot wait to fuck him again… was her last thought before falling asleep.

━━━━━━━━━━

May brought a change into Konoha. There was not a trace of snow left, nature has started its
cycle of rebirth again. Ryoko felt like time was a never-stopping river and she was trying to
swim upstream. So far, her plans were working well. She managed to establish a strong rank
for herself and an even stronger position by Hokage’s side. Despite how slow things moved
along.



What to do next? she pondered while walking back home after work. Ryoko was still too
young in many’s eyes. But she was patient. She would outlive all those who oppose her if she
has to.

“I’m home,” Ryoko announced as she stepped inside her childhood home.

“Ane!” Sasuke ran up to her for a hug. He too was growing up slowly.

“Shh. Don’t wake our brother,” she poked him in the forehead for being too loud. Sasuke
didn’t complain besides rubbing on the assaulted spot.

“Sorry. Can we train together this weekend?”

Ryoko stopped and thought to herself. Well, she would have declined, but Kakashi said he
will be away for the weekend, so technically she was free. It was a bit odd though. She didn’t
hear about Hound or Kakashi having a mission, but Ryoko trusted him and didn’t question
his reasoning. The man was a bit antsy these past few days too. Maybe he needs some ‘me
time’, she wondered to herself.

“Alright, I’ll teach you some genjutsu, but don’t tell mother.”

“You’re the best, sister!”

A hug from Sasuke was worth the wrath of her mother for helping the boy to grow up too
fast. Talking about Mikoto… “Mother, why are you cooking? You should be resting,” Ryoko
frowned when she found the woman busy in the kitchen.

“Oh, darling, I’m not senile just yet,” she smiled.

“Where is Izumi?”

“Hn.”

“Mother. Why is Izumi not helping you?” now Ryoko got suspicious. The atmosphere, minus
her little brother, was rather tense at home. She would have noticed it sooner if Sasuke hadn’t
distracted her so well. Come to think about it, her little brother might have done it
intentionally, knowing his perceptive nature… “Mother. What is going on?”

Mikoto sighed and turned around. Her face was grim. “Izumi is in the hospital with your
brother.”

“Go on.”

“She… miscarried today…”

Without a word, Ryoko turned away and left. She sprinted across the rooftops towards the
hospital buildings and didn’t even bother using the front entrance. Quickly she scaled up the
wall and opened the window of her brother’s office.



“Itachi…” he was sitting by his desk, head in his hands. At this moment he looked so fragile
and tired. Ryoko wanted to break something, but that is not what her elder brother needed
right now. Silently, she jumped inside and embraced him.

His hands came around to her back and clutched to the fabric of her shirt for dear life. His
weeps were silent as the wind in the night. What does one say in a situation like this? How
would Madara console his brother? Ryoko didn’t have an answer to such questions, neither
did the countless books she had read. All that the woman could do now, is hug Itachi even
closer to her chest.

“It will be alright, Tachi’... I’m here… Everything will be okay…”

“How can I call myself a medic if I couldn’t even…” venom dripped from his words. His
anger and frustration were understandable and there was nothing Ryoko could do about it…
She couldn’t liberate him from this pressure. She could only be by his side at this moment of
weakness.

“Shhh… Shh… It’s okay… It will be okay… I promise…”

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes



I found a perfect image for Shisui and Yua <3 <3 <3




Art Reference




Chapter 67: Another One bites the Dust
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Kakashi sighed as he changed out of his ANBU uniform. Another calm day in the Hokage
Tower watching Ryoko command everyone around her. Those were his favorite days. He
glanced at the boy changing beside him.

“Weisel, you were distracted today.”

“Haha! Who? Me? Nahhh, taicho,” Shisui smiled brightly, but his lie was too evident to be
ignored. Kakashi already heard about the boy’s involvement with agent Cheetah. He could
easily guess what preoccupied the boy's mind. Probably the same thoughts that plagued his
own mind about Ryoko…

After the last mission with her, Kakashi felt restless. In Konoha, people knew better than to
approach Ryoko. And he was thankful for people’s wariness of the Uchiha and him
personally no matter how selfish such a notion was. Egoistic or not, he was thankful for that,
because the alternative drove him mad… When that scum of a daimyo hit on Ryoko… When
he held her hand… When he always sat close to her… Kakashi wanted to forget his mission
and punch that man straight in the face.

It just wasn’t enough for Ryoko to be his official girlfriend. Despite how happy he was even
thinking about this title, Kakashi wanted more. The time and life of a shinobi are fragile after
all.

“Weisel, don’t waste your time. Follow what you already know to be true in your mind,
before someone else tries to take her from you,” Kakashi blurted out, still lost deep in his
thoughts.

Shisui looked blankly at his locker, eyes staring somewhere beyond the object. The boy
hummed. At this moment the two of them were very much in the same boat. They had
choices and claims to make. That was their burden from dating such enticing women.

“Hn. You too, senpai,” Shisui smirked one last time and flickered away.

Kakashi’s face scrunched with distaste. That little… who does he think he is! The fickle
flickering fu… he wanted to be mad at Shisui’s bluntness, but if he were honest, Kakashi
already knew that his little kohai was right. Even before dating Ryoko, he already imagined
things beyond dating… Such things as… children… family…

The man still sighed when he finally returned home. It would make sense to follow his own
advice, but… what if Ryoko said no? What if she doesn’t want a future with him? Why
would a woman like her ever want to tie herself with someone like him…



“Hmm… Maybe I should just ask what she thinks about it,” Kakashi reasoned while
chopping vegetables for dinner. Food seemed like a good strategy to ease Ryoko into the
subject.

Now if only Ryoko decided to show up. “Where is she?” he asked, his fingers impatiently
tapped on his other arm, while food was getting cold on the table. Far too quickly Kakashi
got used to their everyday routine. Naturally, now that she was late, he got concerned.

“Pakkun, can you check if Ryoko is home?” he asked the little pug after summoning him.

“Sure, boss, be back in a jiffy.”

With a bark, his hound was gone. Kakashi leisurely walked towards the Uchiha compound
just in case she was there. After meeting Ryoko’s family, he didn’t want to risk getting on
their bad side by entering their territory secretly so he approached the territory like a normal
person for once. About halfway there, Pakkun appeared.

“Boss lady is not home, boss. She is in the hospital building.”

“Hmm. Hospital? Maybe visiting Itachi… most likely… Thank you, Pakkun, you can go.”

Kakashi changed his direction towards the hospital. He would never voluntarily go there, but
for Ryoko… he would. Shortly he was there in the deserted hallways. The man headed up
where he knew was Itachi’s office.

“Ah, Hatake-san. What could possibly bring you here?” Kabuto greeted him when Kakashi
stepped out of the stairwell.

“Yo, Kabuto,” one two-finger salute later, he decided to use this unexpected encounter and
check if Itachi was actually not busy saving someone’s life or something. “Emmm, is Itachi-
san free, do you know?”

Surprisingly, he didn’t get a reply. Instead, Kabuto looked back with a strangely blank
expression. “You should probably not disturb him now…”

Kakashi’s hands tensed in his pockets. “Did… something happen?”

Ten minutes later he stopped in front of Itachi’s door, leaned on the wall, and sighed. Ryoko
was definitely here. He could smell her just behind that door, but he didn’t want to intrude on
the siblings. Not after what Kabuto told him…

After a long hour, two Uchiha emerged. They both were as calm as ever, with their perfect
masks in place to hide any potential emotions from the whole world. Kakashi exchanged a
polite nod with Itachi when he passed by. Ryoko stopped next to him, eyes trailing after her
brother.

Still, without uttering a single word, Kakashi finally moved and engulfed Ryoko in a hug.
She was shivering in his hold. “Hey… it will all work out…” the man whispered into her ear,
even though she wasn’t crying. Ryoko rested her forehead on his chest. She looked truly
dejected.



“It’s so frustrating… there is not a single thing that I can do…”

“Yeah… I know how that feels…” Kakashi muttered under his breath. That was an emotion
he was deeply familiar with. That’s exactly how he was feeling right now. There was not a
single thing he could do for Ryoko. And all he wanted was to see her smile again.

They walked back to his place slowly, holding hands.

Kakashi wanted to say something, but nothing came to mind. Was Itachi upset? Of course, he
was. Was Izumi alright? Of course, she wasn’t. Is she physically okay now? Well, if she
wasn’t, Itachi would not be away from her side. All banal questions he brushed to the side. To
cheer Ryoko up, he had to think of something better. Something that would help Itachi…
Something only they could do…

“Hey… Ryoko… I have an idea…”

“Hn?”

“This might be stupid, but… what do you think if I and your cousins took Itachi out later in
the week… to cheer him up a bit or just help him relax a bit…” Kakashi was not sure of his
suggestion. The idea itself came from memories of all those times Minato or Obito or heck,
even Gui would drag him out into the world when he was at his lowest.

“Hmm. That actually is a reasonable idea. My brother is pressured enough by everyone. It
would be good for him to get out,” to his relief, that was Ryoko’s reply. Kami! She approves!
There are no bounds to how much I love her… silently, he squeezed her hand to show his
appreciation.

“In that case. You should go out too, you know.”

━━━━━━━━━━

For the whole eighteen years of her life in this strange world, Ryoko could not recall a single
time she went out with her friends and had a sleepover. Unlike her popular brother Sasuke,
she and Itachi were too cursed with the ominous title of a prodigy to have any real friends
like that. Later it was no longer their status, but a habit as well to keep a distance from
people.

Naturally, as Ryoko approached Yue’s apartment, she became slightly anxious. Why do I even
have to do this… This is to get my brother distracted, not me… she pondered. Yet Kakashi
was insistent so were Yue and Anko when they heard about the boy’s little get-together. So
here she was, uncomfortable and with a bottle of wine in her hand.

“Ryoko-chan! Finally! And we already thought you weren’t coming!” her former teammate
opened the door with a warm smile, a big hug, and a cheer, worthy of Shisui’s family line.
Their children will surely blind innocent bystanders.

“Hn,” Ryoko gave the bottle to Yue and found a more comfortable spot next to Anko in the
living room. It was… cozy. A lot of pillows all around, candles, some kind of incense,



snacks, and drinks. Yes, the word cozy fits very well with the atmosphere.

“You guys have to teach me what those ‘hn’s mean. I don’t think I fully understand it yet,”
Yue said as she joined them with Ryoko’s bottle of wine already opened.

Anko snickered. “Yeah, it takes some time to get used to.”

Ryoko silently observed as the two women exchanged their interactions. It was peculiar to
see them talking so openly together about the little things that bothered them or even more
significant problems they encountered while dating Unchiha men.

“Sooo, Koko, don’t think I forgot about you!” Anko decided to poke her in the ribs in a
conspiratory manner.

“I have no idea what you are talking about,” Ryoko found refuge behind her wine glass, she
did try to pace herself till now.

“Yes yes! Ryoko-chan, you must tell us more about senpai! Kakashi-san has been such a
mystery in the ranks,” Yue looked more curious than dreamy as she talked. Ryoko had almost
forgotten the ways of this gossip queen. Yet, this was not your everyday ANBU lockers room
chit-chat. They were friends… right? It was expected of her to share things… right?

“Yue, you must stop with the ‘chan’. You are welcome to call me just Ryoko or Koko if you
wish. After all, we will be family someday.”

That shut Yue up fast. The woman gaped a bit until her eyes became hazy as she got lost in
her fantasy of the future. “Oh, nice one, sis. But you’re not distracting me that easily!” Anko
smirked viciously. Ryoko was not surprised or deterred.

“Hn. So, when should I hope for a cute little first cousin once removed?”

Anko choked on her drink, but when she recovered, the woman's face was even more
determined. “Yes, indeed, Ryoko, when should we expect one? What does Kakashi say about
it?”

“Wha…”

“Yes yes! Koko-chan, do tell, what are your plans with senpai?”

“No plans…”

“Ohhh! I call bullshit!”

Anko and Yue got closer to her from both sides, their eyes not blinking as they mentally
requested some intel from Ryoko. “Oh, just ask straight, what is it that you want to know!”
finally the young princess rolled her eyes, crossed her arms, and said it. Thankfully, both
Anko and Yue were used to her behavior and took this as a green light for the interrogation to
proceed.

“So, who kissed who first?”



“He kissed me. On a mission.”

“Oh…” Yue was about to ask another question, but Anko stopped her.

“On a mission? So that was part of a mission?” nod. “That’s what I thought! You sneaky
friend of mine, nothing will go past me! Who kissed who for real??”

Technically, it was not their first kiss… but considering that they kissed while not pretending
to be some other people… Yes, that could be categorized as the first kiss between Kakashi
and Ryoko, she decided. “Ah… during New Year celebration… I kissed him…”

“OoooH!” Yue jumped up with excitement. “I knew my fav captain had game! Woohoo!”

Ryoko could feel her cheeks getting hotter by the minute, but… it also felt nice to talk about
it with someone besides her own mind. She smiled slightly as the girls kept squealing and
asking other questions.

“So, he said he loved you?”

“Hn.”

(( “Yue, heard that tone in the end? This one clearly means ‘yes’.”

“Oh, I see.” ))

“And did you say it back?” Yue’s eyes sparkled, the girl was a hopeless romantic.

“Eventually… I needed time to think and understand what I feel…”

“Makes sense. You shouldn’t rush with these things. I think I am sort of an expert now,
considering that I’m the only one here happily married,” Anko nodded sagely.

“Sure you are,” Yue snickered goodnaturedly. No matter how different the three of them
were, there were undeniable things that connected them. Like being part of shadow ranks.
Like dating men with sharingan. Like being strong and opinionated…

“Yue, how did you and Shisui get together?” Ryoko took her opportunity to change the
subject before the girls started to ask about more than kisses.

“Hmm… Well, we have been on a few missions before, but I think the first time I really saw
him was when we were together on a regular jonin mission. A couple of lowlife sand shinobi
were getting closer, but when they felt Shisui’s chakra signature and realized who he was,
they ran away!” it was evident by the woman's sparkling eyes that she was smitten.

Ryoko nodded. That sounded about right. Shinobi tended to be cautious of their clan and
those distinguished with great shinobi skills. Shisui is known in all Elemental Nations for a
good reason. Ryoko was very proud of him.

“So then, after that, we kinda got talking… and then we got a drink together… and then he
wanted to vent to someone about his strict captain… and then I wanted to went about stuff…



and the next thing I knew Shisui was already taking me on a second date,” Yue looked rather
adorable as she tried to piece her tale together from the lackluster thoughts that came out of
her mouth.

“Contrary to popular belief, I actually met Obito in a dango store! He was getting some for
his cousin…” Anko added her own little romantic tale.

Again, that sounded about right from Ryoko’s perspective. Obito, being the oldest, cared in
his own way about his cousins. For Itachi, he would always make sure to bring some dango.
For her, he would always snag a book or two from the Uchiha library she had no access to
while she was a child… Even as they grew up, some habits remained.

“Hn. Well, you should thank ‘tachi for inadvertently getting you two together,” Ryoko
accidentally muttered out loud. Anko didn’t seem insulted by her comment, as the woman
laughed instead.

“Hahaha! Well, if we’re talking about that, I probably should thank you for actually getting
that idiot back to the village, when he was…” her voice trailed off. Anko didn’t have to say
more. Ryoko often thanked the gods that allowed her to spot Obito that night. Still, the best
birthday present she ever got...

“Koko-chan! You still haven’t told us the most important thing!” Yue’s voice disrupted any
possible dread that gathered in the air from their morbid memories.

“Hn?” she tilted her head to the side rather innocently. By the glint in Yue’s eyes, Ryoko
could practically tell what would be asked next…

“Sooo! How is our dear senpai in bed?”

“Eeew! Yue!!! I don’t want to know that about Bakashi!” Anko shrieked abruptly.

“Well, to be fair, listening to my cousin's sexual experiences and preferences isn’t my vision
of a good time either, Anko,” Ryoko smirked. She actually didn’t care much about it. People
were people. Just like everyone breathed, they also had sex. Her cousins not being exceptions
to the rule either. Besides, this was the ideal blackmail material for a rainy day.

“Fine! Then spill it!” Anko changed her mind quickly and now stared at Ryoko with curious
excitement.

“Hmm. If I would have to compare it…” Ryoko thought for a long moment before she
decided on her answer. “He satisfies me more than I can do myself.”

“Eeek! I knew it! I totally knew it! Senpai is nothing but a prodigy in everything!”

“Pppft! Bakashi is just lucky that Ryoko does not have enough experience to compare him
to!”

“Well, for your infor…” she tried to interrupt, but Yue and Anko were already at each other's
throats, enjoying the argument far too much, so Ryoko just gave up and sipped her wine from
the sidelines. It’s not like she could reveal her actual experience from a previous life… So



Anko was not too far off… but Yue was also right in her own way… Kakashi was diligent
even in the way he fucked…

“Koko-chan! You’re blushing! Are you thinking about him now????”

“No, definitely not!”

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko found herself carrying Tendou around Orochimaru’s home while avoiding other
children that were running around loose. She didn’t notice when or why, but somehow
Sasuke managed to weasel his way into sensei’s good graces and here they were celebrating
her little brother's birthday in the pit of snakes (no actual snakes on this occasion… that
children could spot at least).

“Darling, where is Mikoto-san? I promised her this tapestry…”

“She’s in the garden, Cherry-san,” the man was like a fish in water. This was his domain -
entertaining guests. Ryoko admired how effortlessly he managed to chat up each and every
guest. While Orochimaru somehow ended up shepherding the little ones around.

“Tendou, I think you’ll have a bit of a competition for my sensei's attention,” she whispered
to the little baby in her hands. Ryoko had a strong feeling that if things went on the same way
for a bit longer, Sasuke most definitely will end up being Orochimaru’s next apprentice. Little
Tendou blinked, but she couldn’t tell just yet if he understood or not.

Overall, Tendou proved to be a calm and relaxed child. He didn’t cry much or fuss without
parents around. He did like to snuggle, that much she noticed. He also liked to listen and
watch people around him. Future shinobi, her father joked, but that was not a hard prediction
to make, considering their track record so far…

“Hey,” Kakashi approached her from behind with a stick of dango in his hand. He leaned
over her shoulder and looked at the baby, while Ryoko stared at the sweet in his hand. “Hey
there… you…” the man awkwardly tilted his head towards Tendou, who just blinked at him.

Ryoko’s patience ended right there. She nipped one dango off the skewer and munched on it
far happier than before. Kakashi smiled behind his mask, while his free hand covertly rested
on her waist so that other guests in the house would not see his display of affection.

“Aww, so glad to see that you missed me too, kitten,” cheerfulness in his voice did nothing
for the sarcasm in his words.

“Shut it, Bakashi. I am only using you for food.”

“Ouch.”

“You two are sickeningly sweet. It’s disturbing,” Shisui appeared just in time to catch their
banter. Unfortunately.



“Who’s talking,” she deadpanned with a curved eyebrow. Only last month Yue and Shisui
had their very own wedding ceremony just after Itachi’s birthday. They were plenty sweet
back then, so Ryoko didn’t feel like her cousin was the one to judge her and Kakashi. Some
local people said that Shisui and Yue hurried too much, but with their occupation… They
could not waste too much time.

Just a few months ago she was joking around with Yue about becoming family and here they
were already tied together. Ryoko was glad that her dear cousin was happy with one of her
friends. That is all she ever wanted for her loved ones. Besides, after Obito’s wedding, a
small boom of Uchiha marriages happened as they were now free to find someone outside the
clan without bringing on the ire of the clan head on themselves.

“Well hello there, my precious kohai,” Kakashi greeted Shisui with his trademark eye smile.
The ominous one.

“Senpai, don’t look at me like that! I am just checking in on my adorable cousins!” Shisui
started to strategically back away.

“Why don’t we have a chat about intruding on other people’s conversations, huh?” Kakashi
still smiled. Ryoko enjoyed seeing him be so playful with her cousins. Two men shortly left
her company to discuss, apparently, some very important matters, so she was left alone with
Tendou.

Ryoko adjusted the baby in her arms and walked around until she spotted a familiar head of
hair. “What a surprise to see you here, Shikaku,” she greeted the older man with a small
smile.

He mumbled something about being forced to chaperone Shikamaru and then sighed. “Such a
drag, but what can you do.”

“Hn.”

“So, how is your brother doing? Tendou was it?” he glanced at the baby, who already
watched him with his deep onyx eyes.

“Yes, Tendou. He is exceptional, of course. Just as you would expect from any true Uchiha.”

“Riiight… SO, Ryoko, how are… things? You look happy,” it might sound like a superficial
question, but not to her. She knew old man Shukaku far too well. He always cared about her
emotional state too… That one time he even offered help and advice… And he still cared, it
seems.

“Yes, I am well. Things... are well too. I cannot complain.”

“Hmm. Good, good. You just tell me if someone upsets you again.”

The offer was appealing. As a jonin commander, the Nara clan head had a lot of power and
scheming skills to ruin someone. He undoubtedly referred to that time Kakashi upset her. It



was not a huge gamble to think that this intelligent man put two and two together. Yet Ryoko
was tempted to take him up on his offer for a different person...

Rin. That petty little bitch… She still gossiped behind Ryoko’s back to anyone who would
listen, which was not many. Was it because they feared Ryoko or maybe Kakashi no one
could tell. Either way, that trash of a person was still delusional and tried to compel people by
bringing up Ryoko’s shortcomings. Which Ryoko found to be a simply pathetic strategy.

“Hn. I will make sure to remember that,” she smiled at Shukaku with a short nod. Yes.
Maybe one of these days when Rin will no longer amuse her, she will feed her to the
wolves… For now, having someone bash your name without any real basis only puts Ryoko
in a better light in contrast. She will use the idiot girl to her advantage and that in itself will
be a bigger punishment than anything Shukaku could do.

That evening Kakashi took her home. Ryoko was still looking after Tendou as her parents
took the chance to get out socially while they could rely on her. She didn’t mind. Kakashi’s
company was also a bonus.

The three of them were now alone in her home. As Ryoko put sleeping Tendou in his crib,
Kakashi took the chance to finally engulf her in an embrace. “Your little brother is very lucky
to be carried around by you the whole day…”

“Hn. Do you want me to carry you around?”

“God no… not again…”

They both snickered at the memory. Ryoko felt at ease knowing that her family was well.
Even Itachi’s mood lifted after that get-together and his birthday... Izumi was finally back
from the hospital… Her parents were in the complete second coming of their honeymoon
phase… Sasuke was progressing well without much pressure from anyone… Obito was with
Anko… Shisui was with Yue…

She was with Kakashi.

“Ryoko… When I watched you today… how you act with Tendou… I…”

“Hn?”

“Would you like to marry me…”

“...”

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes



Found this adorable art of Obito & Anko <3 <3 <3




Art Reference






Art Reference



P.S. Guys! I see the light at the end of the tunnel! I hope I will finish this fic by the end
of the year! Fingers crossed ^^



Chapter 68: The Househusband TM
Chapter Notes

Heads up, there will be time skips here and moving forward!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Ryoko was not often caught off guard in her both existences. This was one of those rare
occasions. Her trustworthy instincts thankfully kicked in just in time. She grabbed Kakashi
by the hand and dragged him out of Tendou’s room, looked around, and only then faced the
man again.

“Shh, you idiot! If mother even gets wind of this…” her paranoia was not unwarranted. After
all, Itachi didn’t even have to say those words to get wrapped up nicely for Izumi. The
annoying man in front of her giggled.

“Oh? Should I say it louder then? Or would you prefer a full procession with public appeal to
your father?”

She sighed deeply. Ryoko’s head leaned forward to rest on his chest. “Please don’t…”
Despite his hidden smile, she heard the anxiety in his thrumming heartbeat. “Kami… I’d kill
you if I didn’t… love you…”

Kakashi’s strong hands wrapped around her waist so calming and reassuring. She melted.
Blood was rushing in her head. Naturally, her heart also picked up a beat or two. Calm the
FUCK down, RYOKO! You still didn’t answer the question…

“...yes…”

“Hn?”

“Let’s get married, Kakashi.”

The bastard always found a new way to make her feel fragile. There was no armor guarding
her when she was with him. There was no deception hiding her desire. It was only natural for
them to take the next step and Ryoko was aware of it. She long ago picked him out of
everyone around… She already considered bonding with him… Well, at that time, Ryoko
didn’t expect the bond to be real and not only in name…

“Hmm… then I can finally have you all to myself,” he chuckled close to her ear. Featherlight
kisses trailed her neck until their lips connected.

Ahh… How come it is now that she’s running out of breath? What a wild concept for a
shinobi of her caliber. And yet here she was, gasping for air between the kisses. “Not here…”



she whispered.

Somehow they managed to go back to her room. Doors locked, privacy seals deployed
(courtesy of Minato-san). “Ahh… Kakashi…” she moaned freely when he finally was on top
of her on the bed. He nipped at her skin while grasping her breast with one hand.

“Mmm… that’s what I like to hear…” he whispered before starting to suck on her nipple.
Their bodies were on fire. Each time they got together it was the same. The passion never
dwindled. Ryoko’s legs wrapped around his waist, to be closer to some point of friction.

“Oh! Fuck me already!” her patience was… absent and she was not ashamed of it. Kakashi
surely knew what he was doing. Every little thing he did… with his hands… with his lips…
with his hips… it all drove her to the land of lust. Ryoko could only respond by caressing his
body and stroking his hair. And rubbing against him like a needy cat.

“Anything you wish for, kitten,” he murmured in his deep voice that made a whole new wave
of shivers go down her spine. Soon enough, she felt the blunt end of his girth brush across her
exposed wet lips.

This isn't their first time.. nor was it a second.. or a third, but it still took Ryoko’s breath
away. Her nails dug into his shoulders as he slowly moved to fill her up. “Ryoko… I…”

“Hn?”

“I’m sorry… I’ll still have to ask your father for permission… to… marry… you… ahh...”
with each word he thrust deeper until he could move no more.

That sly little… Kakashi tactically waited for this moment to spring this news on her! “Oh?”
she curved an eyebrow, challenging him. To punish him for acting so covertly, Ryoko
clenched her inner muscles. Like a vice she gripped him. Kakashi’s arms shivered, sweat
dripped down his forehead.

“I..” he stammered, barely able to speak anymore. “I… want to be on good terms with your
family!”

Well… technically, what they were doing right now, was not something that would put
Kakashi in a good light, he contradicted himself, but… His thoughtfulness touched Ryoko.
She relaxed under him with a mutual sigh escaping both of their lips.

A man so infamous for his disregard for clans and hierarchy was willing to go this far for
her… “Ka..aahgh…Kakashi,” he moved just when she got her breath back to speak and that
caused another moan to escape into the wild. “You.. know what that means?”

“Yeah… I will have to represent.the.Hatake.clan!” he said with conviction and another deep
thrust that made her eyes roll back. Ah, when he was acting so determined and confident…
How could she say no?

Hatake clan, huh?... Ryoko couldn’t deny that this side of him was rather sexy. The confident
clan head Kakashi. No, she didn’t mind his covert approach one bit.



━━━━━━━━━━

A flair of chakra was his signal to enter the room. “Commander!” Kakashi bowed before his
superior with respect.

“Hound. Are you here for another mission? I’m afraid that Hokage guard duty is all that I can
get you for now…”

“That is not it, Commander, sir.”

The imposing man with a blank mask raised his head. Two eyes hidden behind the mask met
with his grey and red gaze. The man leaned back in his chair and surveyed him in silence for
a bit longer before giving a motion to continue.

He was nervous at first, but now that Kakashi was actually here, he felt relieved and excited
about the future… “Commander, I would like to retire from Shadow Corps.” There. He said
it. The unthinkable, yet something that felt strangely liberating…

“Hmm, I won’t say that this is unexpected, but I would still like to know your reasoning,
Hound.”

“I want to take my life more seriously, sir. That is all I can say now.”

Unexpectedly, Commander dropped his head back and laughed. “Hahaha! Oh boy, I see Fox
finally whipped you into shape, huh?”

Well… He wasn’t wrong there. Who else would have influenced him, the Kakashi of the
Sharingan, the elite captain of Team Ro, to drop his long career in favor of taking his clan
responsibilities more seriously? He didn’t plan on quitting being a shinobi. As a jonin, he
would still take missions, but being the head of a clan was something an ANBU agent could
not be.

The commander clicked his tongue. “Tsk. I would have kicked you out myself if you took
longer to do it, Hound. I will take care of the paperwork. The end of the week will be your
last shift. Now, you remember what we talked about the last time?”

“Ah… yes, Commander.”

How could Kakashi ever forget? Although, it certainly wasn’t as bad as his conversation with
Itachi… Ryoko had many shadows looking over her and he was made aware of it. A very
scary and crafty shadows…

Now the last hurdle was… Fugaku Uchiha. The easy route would be to ask the question when
Mikoto-sama is there. Her authority would be on his side, without a doubt. Yet, it didn’t feel
right. Kakashi was many things, but a coward he was not. This had to be done right and by
the book.

That is why Kakashi arranged for a meeting with Fugaku beforehand following the
traditional rules of conduct. At the end of the week, the time came to face the man in person.
Kakashi was dressed rather traditionally as he approached the Konoha Police Force building.



This was one place where Mikoto-sama was not likely to be found. Besides, this was a place
where Fugaku held all the authority. Kakashi hopes that the small choice of venue would
reflect his respect for the man.

“Hello!” a cheerful-looking Akimichi greeted him by the reception desk. A small change of
having people from any clan in the force changed the whole vibe in here. Kakashi recalled
the few times he had been here before. The dark eyes would judge him and the pressure was
palpable. Not anymore.

“Hello. I have a meeting with Fugaku-sama,” he inclined his head slightly in greeting.

“Oh… Hatake-san, yes I see. Please follow me.”

He was taken to Fugaku’s office where the dour man already waited for him. Harsh eyes
scanned his appearance head to toe and narrowed slightly. “Hatake-san,” the greeting was
short but respectful enough for Kakashi to breathe easier.

“Fugaku-sama. Thank you for taking the time to see me,” he bowed but didn’t sit down to the
offered chair. Correct etiquette would dictate for him to ease into the subject… yet there was
just so much Kakashi could bend… eventually his blunt nature had to show its horns.
“Fugaku-sama. I love your daughter Ryoko. I want to spend the rest of my life with her. That
is why, I, Hatake Kakashi, request her hand in marriage as the representative and head of the
Hatake clan.”

Fugaku’s lips pressed into a thin line. “You do understand that such a public approach of
yours by now probably reached the ears of my wife?”

“Indeed. You see, Fugaku-sama, I am asking you for permission just to follow the social
conduct you warned me about, but in reality, there is nothing that would stop me from being
with Ryoko no matter what your answer will be.”

━━━━━━━━━━

Meanwhile in the Uchiha compound.

“Mom? Why is Naruto’s mom here?”

The two women sitting by the kitchen table turned to Sasuke who just got home with pleasant
smiles on both of their faces. “Oh, can't your mother have friends visit her?”

“Nooo… you can…” the boy glanced suspiciously between them but eventually left for his
own room. Kushina sipped some tea in the most casual manner.

“I believe we have sorted everything out for now?”

“Indeed, Kushina. Everything is finally falling into place. I believe October will be just
perfect.”

“Yes, October will work well, Mikoto.”



The women laughed. It was not a joyous laugh per se. There was something manic and
ominous about it. Their eyes glimmered with excitement.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Do we have to do this?”

“Yup!” Kakashi responded way too pleased with himself as he carried Ryoko over the
threshold of their home. She sighed. This whole day was filled with similar tests to her
patience. What was one more little thing to her? If Kakashi wanted to do this she would allow
it.

Finally, her feet touched the hardwood floor of the Hatake estate. “I am glad I’m never doing
this ever again.”

“I would hope so,” Kakashi was right there. The whole day he was close to Ryoko. His hand
always close enough to touch. His presence calming her temper. He leaned in and kissed her
slowly, like for the first time.

They were now officially married. Tied together till death. Ryoko kept her family name of
course, but she did agree to live in the Hatake compound. It had the benefit of being a calm
and quiet place compared to the Uchiha district. She shrugged off her white cloak and
targeted Kakashi’s attire next.

“How did you convince Mikoto-sama and Kushina about the guest list?” he murmured.

“Hn? Oh. I threatened to not do it at all if they dared to invite more than thirty people,” the
smirk on her lips was positively sly. Kakashi also snickered.

“Right. That’s almost the amount of the clan heads with their spouses that are a must.”

“Exactly.”

Indeed, that was her plan all along. Mother of course wanted to make a big deal of her
wedding, but even more than that she just wanted Ryoko to do it. That wish was her downfall
in the negotiations. In the end, the people who got the invites were other clan heads, their
close friends like Obito, Shisui, Yue, Anko, and of course sensei with Cherry. Children beside
Sasuke and Tendou were not allowed.

Kushina tried to argue on that point, but in the end, adults seemed to be the ones overly
pleased with having the chance to go loose without having to think about their offsprings. A
small wedding was Ryoko’s condition if anyone wanted the wedding to happen at all and
Mikoto with Kushina had to comply.

“Finally!” Kakashi proclaimed with triumph as he picked Ryoko by her waist and twirled
around like a lunatic.

“Hn?”

“Mine! All mine!” his laughter made even Ryoko’s lips tilt upwards.



“Idiot.”

“Your idiot,” he chuckled. Their faces got closer to breach the gap for another kiss. Her heart
fluttered. It was almost too much to handle… The powerful feeling made Ryoko's hands wrap
around his neck, fingers weaving into the staticky gray hair.

“Hn. My idiot.”

My… my… he is mine… he chose to be mine… the thought struck her suddenly. To be fair,
everything leading to this day felt like a dream or a white haze that she stumbled in without a
clue. Now, when they were finally alone together it really settled in her mind.

She is not alone anymore.

━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi thought to himself that maybe he quit ANBU too hastily, as he blindly stared at the
mission request he received from Shikaku. “Seriously?”

“Is there something wrong? Should I tell the client that you denied their request?” the man
spoke calmly as if he didn’t even care, but his thoughtful eyes sparkled with malice. It was
definitely a prearranged mission with some hidden intentions, Kakashi just knew it.

“Ahh, no, there is no need, I will take it,” he laughed awkwardly, one hand brushing the back
of his neck in a soothing motion. How could he decline a mission coming from Mikoto-
sama?

Time flew by over the past month. Each day he awoke next to Ryoko and each night they fell
asleep together. He didn’t want this to end. Kakashi could not believe his luck each time he
got to have sex with Ryoko. If he thought that kissing her was great, then this was a whole
nother level of transcendence for him. And he was prepared to deal with her family just like
he promised if that will keep Ryoko and the Uchiha happy.

In an hour, he dutifully entered the Uchiha compound and knocked on the clan head house.
Mikoto opened it with a wide smile.

“Kakashi-kun! You came! Just in time! Come come,” she ushered him inside. Just as he
feared, this was no simple babysitting mission. Oh no. Tendou and Mikoto were not the only
ones there.

“Kakashi! I haven’t seen you in ages!” Kushina jumped up to give him a bone-crushing hug
as always. Cherry simply waved from his spot on the couch.

After greetings were exchanged, he was handed the child and so his mission officially began.
He wondered what strings did Mikoto have to pull, to get a jonin like himself on a mission
like this? It was the simplest D rank task even fresh genins felt bored doing.

“Alright, we’ll be back in an hour, you two have fun!” Mikoto said before leaving with
Kushina and Cherry. Kakashi nodded, but he still felt on edge. This couldn’t be it, he kept
thinking.



“What do you think, Ten-kun?” he looked into the child's eyes. The little one blinked and
tilted his head. “Yeah, I agree. So… hm… do you like…” he went silent. What was he
supposed to do with a child? All his training didn’t prepare Kakashi for this. The man looked
around the nursery and spotted some crayons.

Right… something safe and encouraging motor skills! Kakashi thought as he brought the
colorful crayons and some paper for Tendou. Little boy approved of his choice, as he started
to scribble his rendition of a house and a garden right away.

Kakashi was tempted to take out his book and read, but he didn’t want to risk it. His eyes
never once left Tendou’s side. After some time they took a break to have a snack. Or at least
Kakashi tried to make sure that some food ended up in Tendou’s mouth instead of his
clothing. It turned out to be far more work than Kakashi first anticipated.

In the end, he didn’t have that much time to consider what hidden agenda Mikoto had. It only
became clear when the woman herself returned with her friends. She smiled looking at
Tendou who at the moment was napping on Kakashi’s chest.

“Did you two have fun?”

“Hn, yeah,” he murmured, mindful to not be too loud.

“Ha! I can see it in your eyes, Kakashi-kun! You look spent! Taking care of kids isn’t easy!”
Kushina laughed at his expense. That is when it hit him. Taking care of kids… was this…
training? For him? To take care of… kids?... because they expected… oOOOooohhhhhhh!

“Hn,” was the only answer he could muster.

“Now, you must remember that every little one is an individual…” Cherry chimed in now
that Kakashi’s eyes were wide awake and in attention.

“Hn! That’s it! They are all like snowflakes,” Mikoto-sama nodded in agreement. She would
know with her… collection…

Kakashi wanted to run away from this conversation, but his mission prevented him from
doing so. Also, somewhere in the depth of his heart, the man was thankful for this secret
knowledge bestowed on him by the most respected mother figures in the whole Konoha,
from his perspective.

He also was privy to the big news of Izumi-san being pregnant again. Kakashi felt strangely
included in this peculiar group. He didn’t feel like an outsider just passing by. It felt good to
receive such discrete support. It served to fan the flames of hope in his chest about having his
own children with Ryoko…

“So, honey, have you spoken with Ryoko-chan about children yet?” Cherry asked.

“Aahh. No, not yet…”

“Don’t even suggest she take a break from missions, ya know! I swear Minato made the same
mistake, back when I was carrying Naruto!” Kushina shook her head with disappointment.



Yes, Kakashi was not that stupid. He knew better than to suggest something like that to
Ryoko. Still, he could not see how else it could work out…

“Oh don’t worry, Kakashi. You can always have an agreement with Itachi about this, if you
know what I mean,” Mikoto winked at him. Yes, he knew what she meant. Yet again, going
behind Ryoko’s back to prevent her from being on active duty even if she were pregnant
seemed like a bad idea.

This might sound out of the blue coming from Kakashi, but he decided to use the opportunity
and ask a question that was bugging him. “Mmm… do you think she will even want to…
have… children?” He chanced a glance at Mikoto, who looked thoughtful after hearing his
words.

“Family is everything for her. I do not see a reason why she wouldn’t want to,” the woman
smiled at him warmly, as her hand clasped his in silent support.

“Thank you, Mikoto-sama.”

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

That's how I imagine Kakashi and Ryoko ^^




Art Reference



Also, if anyone here reads webtoons/ manhwa I would like to recommend a really good
one that I binged recently "Wind breaker" ^^



Chapter 69: Special Conditions
Chapter Notes

I think the chapter number speaks for itself ;D but I will spell it out for everyone else -
there will be smut up in here ^^ you have been warned!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

November

“Finally! You’re here, Kakashi!” Obito jumped up from his spot with a huge smile on his
face. The man in question sighed and looked around. To his surprise, they were not alone
here. Not too far from his former teammate, were Itachi and Shisui Uchiha.

“I mean we could have met anywhere… So why Kamui?” he asked, looking around the
dimension he had the pleasure of using from time to time due to Obito’s teachings. To think
that Sharingan had such power to create a whole new dimension and transport you to it… It
always blew Kakashi’s mind away when he looked around this endless land of cubes.

“Ah, now that you’re a married man, like us,” Shisui declared proudly. “You, like us, need a
safe space to unwind. This is like a vault. Whatever you say in the vault stays in the vault!”

“Okay…” Kakashi wasn’t too sure about this idea, but he got where they were coming from.
Even at home, one could not be fully safe. Talented women like their spouses had their ways
of knowing everything and anything. So maybe to meet and relax in the Kamui dimension
was not such a bad thing after all…

Obito guided him to one big cube, where Itachi was sitting on a pillow and reading a book.
Beside him, Shisui was pouring drinks. “Obito, but do you think it is a good idea? Only you
and I can actually get in and out of here.”

“Oh don’t worry! Itachi can reverse summon himself with his crows and he would never
leave Shisui behind, so all good!”

“Right… okay…”

“Soooo, Senpai, how is our dear Koko-chan doing?” Shisui asked after giving him a cup
filled to the brim.

Or maybe this wasn’t such a good idea after all. He dedapand at his former kohai. “You really
want me to talk about your cousin?”

Obito laughed at his expense like always. “Spare us the details. I think what cousin Shisui
meant was, is she doing okay being away from home. We all know how she can be…”



“Hn…” Itachi grumbled from his spot without raising his eyes from the book he was reading.

“Ahh… well…” Kakashi took a pause to gather his thoughts in order. He actually did feel
safer speaking about such things in Kamui. And it didn’t matter that he was speaking about it
with her close relatives. They were his friends too… “Well, I think she compensates by
working too much…”

“Hn, that sounds like our princess!” Shisui nodded in agreement.

“Oh, guys, we talked with Anko about it and… I think we’ll give it a try!”

“What ‘it’?” Shisui asked. It was almost adorable how clueless he was sometimes. Kakashi
meanwhile had to fight his thoughts from straying to the very distracting direction…

“We’re gonna try for a baby,” Obito announced and smiled almost in a shy manner. “Oh! By
the way, congrats, Itachi! How is Izumi doing?”

“Hn,” the usually stoic clan head, here, among friends, looked far younger and less
threatening than in Konoha. He looked like your ordinary young father to be, with concerns
etched in his face. “She is nervous… and stressed… and anxious… but her health is much
better this time…”

Kakashi felt cold shivers when he imagined himself and Ryoko in Itachi’s place. Kami, he
would not wish such pain to anyone. “Shisui, what about you and Yue?” he asked, changing
the focus from Itachi and also satisfying his own curiosity. Kakashi wanted to check if
everyone had the same idea as himself. So far, Obito and Itachi were of the same mindset as
him. The mindset being oriented toward having kids.

“Hmm. Well, we want to take it easy for now and just enjoy our lives for a bit. Besides, we
like our work,” he laughed like only Shisui could, talking about the dirty ANBU career.

“What about you, Kakashi? Have you talked with Koko-chan about it yet?” Obito asked and
the copy nin felt three pairs of eyes on him.

“Ahh… no, we have not talked about it yet… I am not sure that she would want to,
considering her goals…”

“Hmm, that’s true,” Obito looked up into the endless void as he thought about this situation.

“Yeah, sometimes hime is very transparent!” Shisui nodded in agreement. Kakashi tilted his
head slightly. They sure knew Ryoko well… he wondered just how well…

“Oh? What do you mean by that?” he decided to ask.

Shisui snickered. “Well, Koko-chan had this huge crush on Shikaku-san for the longest time.
It was adorable! And she believed we didn’t notice! But it is easy to see through her when
you know her!”

“The jonin commander Nara Shikaku?” Kakashi was slightly surprised. He never noticed
that…



“Hn. I think she admired how intelligent Nara-sama is,” Itachi commented from his spot.

“Nah, that would not explain why she ended up with Bakashi here,” Obito pretended to
scratch his chin as if deeply considering Ryoko’s reasoning. Kakashi threw a kunai at his
friend without hesitation.

“If you know her so well, then you probably know that she was dating Ibiki for a while,
right? I think that fits into the ‘intelligent’ pattern well,” Kakashi said without thinking. Now
that he knew about Ryoko’s preference towards Shikaku… and his former knowledge about
Ibiki… he automatically had to compare himself with them to find out exactly what Ryoko
saw in him… That is probably why his preoccupied brain didn’t notice how the Uchiha next
to him became quiet.

“Morino Ibiki?” Obito repeated, stunned.

“Hn? Yeah, one and only,” Kakashi grumbled out a response. The man still annoyed him to
the bone.

“When?” Itachi’s curt question was what finally clued Kakashi into the rising tension.

“Ah, it doesn’t matter now, does it? Besides, we’re in the vault, Obito, isn’t that what you
said?”

“Yeah yeah, Kakashi’s right. Damn… Even I didn't notice that… And I really thought I knew
princess pretty well… That kinda explains why she bothered working in T&I, huh?”

“Hn…” Itachi and Shisui responded collectively

“But, how did you know about it, Kakashi?” Obito, true to the title of his best friend, spotted
one little detail Kakashi would have rather not mentioned. He couldn’t say that he smelled it
on Ryoko…

“Ah… I confronted him one time and he confirmed…” that wasn’t a lie.

“Hn?!?!”

━━━━━━━━━━

December

A week he had waited for Ryoko to return from her mission and he managed to mess it up
right away after a few hours of her being back. He sighed as he glanced at her back. Ryoko
was walking determinedly in front of him. He felt chills coming from her.

“Ryoko, I said I’m sorry…”

“Hmph!”

“Please don’t be mad with me… it was an honest mistake… I just missed you so much,
that…”



The glance she dropped over her shoulder could definitely send daggers. Kakashi gulped.
Despite how scary she looked, Ryoko also exuded the sexiest aura. Or maybe that was only
the time being apart speaking… Either way, Kakashi had mixed emotions. He wondered how
their first serious conflict would end…

The rest of the way to their home, the two walked in silence. Kakashi desperately wanted to
take her hand in his, but she had them crossed below her chest as usual. Like a puppy, he
followed her inside and to the kitchen. Maybe her mood will improve when she has
something to eat…

“Sit!” she ordered after taking one chair from the table a few feet to the front. Ryoko stayed
leaning on the edge of their table, arms still crossed, expression void of any thoughts. It
looked very much like something an interrogator would do, and that is when Kakashi
remembered that Ryoko was an interrogator… Damn…

He took a deep breath and sat down. Maybe she will agree to talk this out? How mad could
Ryoko be, really? He only called her ‘kitten’ in front of some other shinobi… It’s not a big
deal, he kept telling himself.

“Kakashi. I thought we agreed. You cannot call me that in public.”

“I am sorry! Really!”

“So, you agree that you made a mistake?”

This felt like a trick question. “Ah... yes?...”

Ryoko slowly unentwined her hands and approached him. She leaned closer so they would be
eye to eye. He thought that she would say something, but instead, Ryoko took out a rope.
Shinobi rope. Unbearably slowly she started to tie him up, while Kakashi just sat there
frozen, unsure of what he should do… Finally, she placed a seal tag on his chest and he felt
the binds on his chakra as well…

“Ryoko…? Honey?”

“Naughty boys who don’t do what they’re told need a little punishment to keep them in line.
So now you will bear the consequences of your mistake,” she whispered into his ear. It didn’t
look like she was going to kill him… Kakashi trusted her. He also found this intimidating
side of Ryoko extremely attractive…

Ryoko stepped away from him and perched herself on the table in front of Kakashi. She
stared deep into his eye. He wondered what exactly did she mean by ‘punishment’? Kakashi
was confident that he could take it… Unfortunately, that confidence wavered when he
noticed her hand brush slowly down her tight to her knee.

“What… are you…” he managed to say just as her legs parted.

“I will show you what you’ll be missing today because of your mistake. I hope this will be an
incentive for you to never repeat such mistakes in the future,” Ryoko’s voice was silky sweet.



Her hand moved slowly and brushed the fabric of her skirt away at the same time.

Kakashi gulped when her underwear saw the light of day. Ah… the purple ones… I like these
ones… damn… he thought absentmindedly as Ryoko continued to tease herself. Each time
her fingers got caught onto the hemline, he would shiver in anticipation.

This was the worst torture he ever experienced. She was so close, yet he couldn’t move a
muscle. His hands twitched when Ryoko finally exposed her glistening lips in front of him.
His ears were humming, his heart was racing. Kami, help him!

The moment she started to touch herself in earnest, Kakashi growled. He wanted so badly to
join in! The way Ryoko’s hand moved up and down... the way she cupped her breast… the
way her legs were spread apart and perched on the table… the way she arched… It all drove
him mad! Kakashi tugged on his restraints, but it was futile without chakra…

“Ahh…” Ryoko’s mewl from pleasure stirred his blood even further. No, he was not about to
give up! The man swayed with the chair until it fell and broke from the fall just enough for
the rope to get loose. Chakra suppressant tag was ripped off with such haste, that it crumbled
into confetti from his wild lightning chakra that suddenly got free.

The ropes fell to the ground and Kakashi was already in front of Ryoko. He was breathing
heavily. The sight in front of him was… Seeing Ryoko pleasure herself was… He could not
think straight anymore and describe it. He had to have her! NOW!

━━━━━━━━━━

January

“Hey, Sasu, where is big brother Itachi?” Ryoko greeted her little brother with a hug but
didn’t follow up with pleasantries. She had some business to discuss with Itachi, that’s the
only reason why she stopped by the Uchiha compound.

“Brother went out for a bit with father, they should be back soon, Ane,” little boy dragged her
by the hand into the living room. He looked eager for some reason.

“Hn,” she murmured while watching him. Ryoko took a seat on the sofa and decided to read
a scroll while she waited. Sasuke sat next to her. “What is on your mind, brother.”

“Mmm…” she glanced at him from the scroll, Sasuke was looking at his hands. He clearly
wanted to talk about something. Ryoko stayed silent, waiting. “Well… I was talking with
people and…”

“Hn?”

“Well, big brother Itachi had Mangekyou sharingan… and he can call the flames of
Amaterasu to do his bidding… and he has the Tsukuyomi… Cousin Obito has his Kamui…
Cousin Shisui has that thing we cannot talk about… and… sister, you too have Mangekyou
sharingan, right?” the boy finally looked up at her.



The thirst for knowledge was finally showing up in Sasuke as well. “Yes, I do.” There was no
reason to lie to brother. It was even safer to have this talk with him now, rather than ignore
the subject and have him make stupid mistakes in the future.

“What does it do for you?” Sasuke even leaned in, in anticipation of her answer.

“Hmm… You can think about it like this. While Itachi’s Tsukuyomi changes time, Shisui
changes will and mine… it changes being. I call it Amatsu-mikaboshi or Mikaboshi for short.
That which defies God's will. That which is chaos. With Mikaboshi I can turn my genjutsu,
my will, into a reality that cannot be dispelled.”

“Wooouw!” Sasuke was awestruck. “How do you get Mangekyou sharingan???”

Ryoko took a serious look at her little brother. Father and Itachi would probably disapprove
of her telling these things to Sasuke, but someone has to. “You will hear a lot of things about
it, brother. Some say that you have to kill someone you hold dear to awaken it.”

“So did you… did Itachi-nii-san…??”

“No. Just like regular sharingan, Mangekyou sharingan is awakened because of deep
emotions we Uchiha are capable of feeling. The loss of a loved one, a dear friend, would
bring huge emotions, don’t you agree?”

“Yes…”

“But. Brother, your eyes… Sharingan is not the only thing that defines you. It is only a tool
and every tool is dispensable. If you truly want to be strong, you have to use each and every
tool possible. Look at big brother Itachi. He does not rely only on sharingan, he is a genius
medic and that skill will save him and many others in a fight. Or cousin Shisui. His most
powerful and famous technique is not sharingan but the body flicker technique. Do you
understand now?”

“Yes, I think I understand now, Ane,” Sasuke was undoubtedly clever enough to take her
warning and advice for its value. “But sister, what is your famous tool then?”

“Hmmm. If I had to choose… It probably would be my mastery of Katon jutsu. Ask
Orochimaru-sensei about it one day,” with a wink and a smile she brushed off this burden and
continued reading.

Sure, she didn’t tell Sasuke everything about her Mangekyou sharingan. One must always
have a trump card. Always. They are shinobi after all.

━━━━━━━━━━

March

Spring came to Konoha once more. Ryoko found herself already used to her new life in the
Hatake compound. It was calm and tranquil here. Most of the days, a warm meal was waiting
for her, made by Kakashi himself when he was not out on a mission. They worked well
together. Like a team. Ryoko felt safe with him.



Although… he has been acting oddly the past few days. When she woke up today, he was
already gone. An empty bed felt strangely cold. Odd… maybe he got a mission… but he
would have told me so… she wondered while getting dressed. This of course could only be
her paranoia speaking, but she was determined to find out what is going on if he keeps acting
this way.

Then she felt his staticky chakra enter her sensory field. Ryoko smirked. “Definitely
paranoia…” she whispered to herself just as the front door opened and closed. “Welcome
home! Where were you?” she yelled out while preparing her morning tea.

There was no response, but she heard his steps approach. “Kakashi..?” Ryoko turned her head
slightly to look back and paused. It was definitely him, but… The man looked different. He
was panting. Maybe he was training? Looking closer, she noticed his pupil was dilated.

Before she could ask, Kakashi approached her and pinned Ryoko to the countertop she was
standing by. Then it became a bit more clear to her. She snickered. “Aww… I can feel that
you missed me already?”

Instead of an answer, she got a shiver-inducing growl by her neck. The man was not wasting
any time as he roughly spread her legs. Ryoko had no choice but to bend over if she wanted
to enjoy what was about to come. Maybe he finally figured out that I like it rough
sometimes… she thought to herself. There was another thought collecting in her mind when
suddenly it was dispelled by the feeling of something large going into her.

Ryoko gasped. GODS! Oh… Kami… he feels… bigger today!!! Is that even possible?????
she didn’t have more time to dissect the situation as Kakashi started to thrust in her full force.
Ryoko is not ashamed to admit that by the end of it she was incoherent and drooling.

The way his hips slammed into her took her breath away. Rough hands held her waist in
place and this sense of no escape was rather stimulated. She moaned with each deep thrust he
made into her. Ryoko felt extremely full. There was only a single word how she could
describe it - she was being ravaged.

She didn’t know how much time passed when Kakashi finally slumped on top of her, all out
of breath. His weight on her was soothing and warm. Just like something else warm in her.
Her legs were still shaking in the aftermath. Her insides were twitching. Ryoko couldn't even
tell what day it was.

“I… I’m… sorry… I couldn’t resist… after seeing you here…” he rasped by her ear and
vaguely kissed her sweaty nape.

“Ahh… all good… I’m… totally fine,” she somehow found it in her to respond. This
unexpected morning quicky was rather delightful. Kakashi had absolutely nothing to be sorry
about in her books. “But you can get off me now or I’ll be late for work.”

“Mmm… about that…”

The nervous giggle in his voice sobered up Ryoko in an instant. She regained her senses and
noticed that Kakashi was still very much in her and very much hard. “Ka.ka.shi. What is



going on? Did you get drugged or something??”

“...”

“...”

“...or something...” he whispered.

Moving was not the best thing she could do at this moment, but Ryoko wanted to look him in
the eyes when he explained the situation, so she moved. An acrobatic twist of her legs later,
she was now facing him, never once breaking their connection below. His eye looked almost
back to normal now, unlike his hard situation.

“Explain.”

“Ah you see…” he took a deep breath. At first, Kakashi tried to avoid her gaze, but she didn’t
allow it. The man finally gave up and sighed. “Have you noticed that… every year… about
this time… I take some days off?”

Now that he mentioned it… Yes, she did notice it! But it never seemed suspicious to her
before… “Yes. And?”

“Well, you see… There is a time once a year when Hatake are… for a better word horny.
Have this uncontrollable urge to breed. That is the time they are most likely to be fertile, let’s
say.”

Ryoko stared and stared at him. With the same deadpan expression, she finally spoke “You’re
in a rut. Is that what you’re trying to tell me? That Hatake go into heat once a year?”

Kakashi laughed nervously. “When you say it like that…”

“Tell me everything, because it still does not explain...” she demonstratively looked down.

“So… Yeah, once a year we feel the heat and the need. So I would leave Konoha for that time
and just camp out away and bear with it. It used to be fine, but… Now that I found you…”

“Hn?”

“Well, it’s not like Hatake become brainless at that time. We don’t jump anyone that moves.
We can resist the urge pretty well. Unless…”

“Unless?!”

“Unless we find that one person. The one we want to be with for the rest of our lives. A mate
if you will…”

Ryoko couldn’t take it. She laughed. “Aww, that’s actually kinda sweet. So you couldn’t
resist this time because you think like that about me?”



“Mhm,” it felt like Kakashi finally relaxed and smiled with relief. He leaned in and kissed
her. But he was silly to think that this would distract her! When their lips parted, Ryoko
raised an eyebrow.

“You still haven’t finished explaining.”

“Right… so… Yesterday at night I felt it start and I left right away… The mistake I made was
that I wore the same clothing… When the heat fully kicked in, I could still smell your scent
on me. It felt like I lost all control. I had to be with you. My chosen person…”

“And?” Ryoko was getting slightly impatient.

“So… when a Hatake goes into heat with his mate… Well, usually it is pretty hard to
conceive for us, that's why my clan is almost gone… so during heat… not only are the
chances the highest, but also…”

“Spit it out!”

“Well… you see… there is this… knot… that prevents me from pulling out… to secure a
successful conception…” by now Kakashi’s cheeks were flaming red. He looked beyond
embarrassed to tell her that. Honestly, Ryoko didn’t know what reaction the man expected
from her.

“Kakashi. There is a clan in Konoha who have bugs under their skin and you think that some
knot during sex is a big deal?” she raised an eyebrow. He was acting rather silly. This is a
world of shinobi with chakra! This is the least weird thing she has ever heard of. Especially
being Orochimaru’s student.

“Really?... You don’t think it’s weird?”

She waved her hand dismissively. “Seriously. Don’t be so self-centered. Honestly, it’s kinda
hot to think that something like that is inside me right now and there is nothing I can do about
it,” she smirked to fully take the stress off this situation.

Kakashi’s hands wrapped tighter around her waist and she moaned a bit when their bodies
slightly shifted. “Mm… so how long do we have to stay like this?”

“Ha..ha.. About that…” his dry laugh was not reassuring.

“Ka.Ka.Shi! Tell me everything!”

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes



To my defense! ... I have no defense ;DDD This is how I imagine the Hatake clan and
you cannot convince me otherwise! No regrets!



Chapter 70: Springtime of Youth

Hmm… strange… Ryoko-chan isn’t usually late… ah, but young couples do need their time in
the mornings… Minato snickered to himself as he looked over some mission reports.
Completely unaware of one irritated Uchiha headed his way. As the door opened, he looked
up with his usual bright smile.

“Ah! Ryoko! You’re here…” he paused with a small tilt of his head. “Ryoko-chan, why are
you here as a clone?” he could tell instantly by the chakra signature, that it was not the real
person. It was the same yet slightly different based on the clone technique used. But even
more troubling was Ryoko's expression. A shiver went down his back as the man recalled the
first weeks working with the girl. It was the same expression. The one promising pain and
suffering all with a gentle yet ominous smile.

Ryoko walked to his desk and leaned into his ear so that ANBU guards would not overhear.
“Dear Minato-san, I believe you have forgotten to brief me about Kakashi’s condition.”

“Condition? Con… OoOOOoohh…” he covered his open mouth with a hand. Yes, he was
meaning to have a talk with Ryoko about it… And with all the work… He completely forgot.
By the looks of things, spring had already come and now he was too late. Minato laughed
nervously. “Ahahaha! I see! My mistake! You can take a week off!” he desperately tried to
remedy the situation as an ire of Uchiha hime was not something he wanted to experience.

“Oh, no. How about we make this week the most productive one yet?” she said in a gentle
voice. ANBU heard her. Minato heard her. Even Shikaku sitting far away in his own office
got a sudden shiver down his back.

Everyone besides Ryoko in the Hokage Tower took a collective gulp.

━━━━━━━━━━

Back in the Hatake estate, Ryoko laid on top of Kakashi’s chest on their bed. “About thirty
minutes? Really?”

“Yup, that’s what I’ve read…” Kakashi’s answer sent a pleasant rumble down his chest and it
would be hard for Ryoko to concentrate if she were not a shinobi.

“Well… I guess we’ll just have to deal with it…” she finally said with a sigh. Maybe they
could try avoiding it and going against the Hatake nature, but Ryoko had a feeling that it
would hurt Kakashi and she didn’t want to do that to him…

That is how they spend the whole day. Together. Connected. Just eating and fucking in
between. The urge like a cramp would appear suddenly. No matter where they were or what
they were doing. After that, they would clean up the mess they made, and then it all repeats
again.



As the sun was finally setting, Ryoko stretched and stood up. “Alright, I’ll go buy some
food…” before she could make it even two steps away, Kakashi’s strong hands already
grabbed her by the waist and pulled her into his embrace.

“You’re. Not. Going. Anywhere,” he said with a low overprotective growl. Like this in his
arms, Ryoko felt very small and vulnerable. She also felt strangely flattered. People didn’t
usually show their affection so openly to her. So every time Kakashi did it, it made her heart
flutter.

“Alright…” she said with a blush. “I’ll order take out then?”

“Hn!”

Unfortunately, half an hour later, the take-out arrive when they were in the middle of yet
another good fuck. It was somewhat thrilling for Ryoko to casually open the door just enough
to get the order and pay for it, without revealing Kakashi next to her, who was very much
balls deep in her.

“Thank you for your business, Lady Uchiha! Ah, are you not well? You look a bit feverish?”
the young delivery boy enquired, blissfully unaware of the current situation.

“Hmmgh… yes, I…” she almost moaned out when Kakashi chose this moment to stir her
insides a bit more. “Chem… yes, I think I will get some rest. Take care!”

When the door was closed, she leaned on the frame and breathed heavily. Her hands were
slightly shaking, just like her legs. “I swear… Kakashi… Just pray that my family doesn’t
decide to visit…”

Her threats were empty and they both knew it because Ryoko enjoyed this situation as much
as Kakashi did. It was thrilling for both of them.

At the end of her workday, the clone Ryoko dispelled itself and all the memories rushed to
her brain all at once. Usually, it wouldn’t be a big deal, but considering how exhausted she
was, Ryoko simply collapsed. Her mind needed at least ten minutes of peace to sort through
everything that happened that day in the Hokage Tower.

“Curse my clone and my vindictiveness…” she whispered when finally her consciousness
returned. Surprise surprise, Kakashi was right next to her. Well… to be more precise…
“Seriously? Even when I’m unconscious? Aghgh…” she closed her eyes again when he
thrust his hips in a sharp manner up to get that one deep spot she liked. The warm sensation
sent a shiver down to her toes.

“Ahh… sorry, kitten, I couldn’t resist,” the man had the audacity to snicker.

So the next few days passed in a similar fashion. Ryoko has never fucked this much in her
entire life. It was fun. On day four, they were both exhausted, cuddling on the carpet after
another session.

“I love this…” she blurted out lost in the sound of Kakashi’s calm heartbeat by her ear.



“Hmm… I love you… and… wanna go again?”

Ryoko looked up in surprise. “What? Now? Already?”

Kakashi took their entwined fingers to his mouth and kissed her knuckles, then slowly guided
her hand down to his crotch where something indeed showed signs of life again. Ryoko
laughed and smiled. “Ah, youth…” she whispered still with a smile and straddled her man for
another round on this wild beast.

In all honesty, Ryoko couldn’t complain about spending so much time in bed. I could get
used to this… she thought to herself just before falling asleep for the night.

━━━━━━━━━━

After the wild week spent with Kakashi, Ryoko learned a lot about the Hatake clan. They
didn’t really have much else to do besides fucking, eating, sleeping, and reading. She read a
few old books about this phenomenon in the clan and Kakashi wasn’t exaggerating.

It stated very clearly about the issues of the clan and how nature itself evolved them in a way
that would help to resolve such issues. They also finally talked about the children's subject
itself. The woman was surprised to learn just how excited Kakashi was about it. For now,
Ryoko kept her thoughts to herself. She needed time to organize her mind before making a
decision.

Of course, Kakashi insisted that it is up to her when they should have a child. Yet… when
Ryoko looked into his eyes she could see the yearning in them. And the pain from a thought
that a child would not be something he could have just yet.

All these thoughts and deliberations only intensified in Ryoko’s mind, when one day she
found herself puking her guts out in the Hokage Tower during her break. She panted heavily
after wiping her mouth. Cold sweat was dripping down her neck. She clutched to the sink and
stared at the running water.

“Fuck…” she cursed weakly as the realization hit her. So it happened. It has already been
more than a month and a half since Kakash’s heat hit her full force. Not surprisingly, the man
was good at everything he does… even this… even breeding. She had no doubt that she was
pregnant.

The first clue was her missing period. The second was her mood. The third was her sensitive
breasts. And now the last straw - morning sickness, that comes not necessarily in the fucking
morning!

Ryoko tilted her head up and looked at herself in the mirror. What was she supposed to do
now? The logical thing would be to go to the hospital and confirm it. Her own medical
ninjutsu could not check such a thing. Her sensory skills as well were incapable of noticing a
new life form at such an early stage.

But if she goes to the hospital… then… mother will know and she won’t have another option
but to go through with the pregnancy.



On the other hand… Do I… want to terminate it?... she thought cautiously as if people could
read her mind. The timing was bad… She had goals… There was her career…

But…

It wasn’t only her now. She had to consider Kakashi and his feelings. Worst case, if she does
terminate her pregnancy, there is a big chance that she won’t be able to conceive again
because of the Hatake clan issues… Even with the heat it was not a guaranteed thing f9or
Hatake to get pregnant, that's what she learned.

Ryoko felt like she needed more time to think about it… She still had time. From her
experience (courtesy of Mikoto getting knocked up), Ryoko learned that as a sensor, she
could spot a new life at around the 4-month mark of the term.

“What to do…” she said to herself. One thing was clear. She had to make up her mind before
speaking with Kakashi about it. By now, the woman knew that he would not pressure her to
make a decision, and thinking while he anxiously waits for her verdict did not sound
appealing.

That is why Ryoko decided to keep this to herself and let her mind consider all possibilities.
That is how she always worked. Methodical and rational. Even a subject like this in her mind
would be dissected until there is not even a shadow of a doubt left.

After collecting herself, Ryoko was ready to return to her work. She looked through reports
as usual when Minato disrupted the silence.

“Hmm… Ryoko-chan. I might have a mission for you. It doesn’t look like a big deal, but I
will need you to smooth things over with one of the daimyos.”

“Hn?”

“We had a few of our shinobi doing a bodyguard mission with him, but one of ours ran away
is what they reported.”

“That does not sound like a Leaf shinobi.”

“Yeah, my thoughts exactly. That’s why I want you to go there and investigate the matter
discreetly while making sure our employer is reassured.”

Ryoko had already done similar missions before and thinking about it, this task couldn’t have
come at a better time! Taking a break from Konoha, she could actually collect her thoughts
and come to a decision. Better yet, she could stop by some other hospital and get tested just
in case…

“Understood, Hokage-sama. I will leave tomorrow.”

“Sounds good. I will send a messenger beforehand. Oh, and I already have a team in mind,” a
bright smile on Minato’s face didn’t ring any warning bells within Ryoko and that was what
alarmed her in itself.



━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko left early in the morning the next day. She said her goodbyes to Kakashi, who
childishly didn’t want to let her out of his grasp. It would have annoyed her, but instead,
Ryoko laughed. She found him strangely adorable. When she finally reached the gates, a
group of familiar faces were waiting for her.

“Senpai!”

“What a surprise,” she smirked seeing three men without their masks in their usual shinobi
attire.

“Kobura at your service, taicho!” Cobra introduced his codename for the mission.

“Kuma here!” Panda chirped with a jolly laugh.

“Rinkusu,” Lynx whispered, emotionless as ever.

They haven’t changed at all. Ryoko was actually glad to get a mission with these guys. She
felt safe with them and that will give her time to think. “Kitsune. Nice to meet you all!” she
said also with a smile.

Having ANBU agents undercover would make her job a lot easier and they already knew it
so the boys came prepared with their fake identities. She was just a bit proud of their
foresight. “Let’s get going then, hn,” she announced and the four of them left Konoha
towards the border of the Land of Fire.

Their pace was fast but compared to regular ANBU missions still slow. They took a few stops
to set small details and make sure their backstory is ironclad. It felt like they didn’t even take
a break at all as their teamwork worked like a well-oiled machine.

“Taicho, are you feeling okay? You look a bit flushed?”

“Hn? Yeah, I’m fine,” she waved her hand dismissively, but it irked her that Kobura noticed
the slight change in her. Sure, she could trust them to keep her secret, but she wasn’t going to
tell them if she didn't have to…

When their team finally reached the daimyos estate, Ryoko felt calm again. She was
courteous and polite with her greetings all while carefully cataloging everything and anything
that could be a clue.

Did one of their shinobi really desert their mission?

Did something happen to him?

Was there a culprit in the shadows?

The only ones who could shed some light were the other shinobi stationed on the same
mission. Late at night, she met with the group's captain. “Report!” her authoritative voice



gave the order. Arms crossed on her chest, back straight, eyes unwavering. She will spot a lie
if the silly man even dares to think about it!

“Ryoko-sama. He did not abandon the mission! I am sure of it!”

“Do you have any proof?”

“I… I know him!”

“Hn. Tell me what exactly happened.”

“Well. We were doing the usual patrol and scouting rounds. But when the others gathered to
check-in, he didn’t show up. We looked, but there was no trace of him anywhere!”

“Any trace of a fight?”

“No, mam.”

“Did he have any trouble with anyone here?”

“No! He’s a good guy. People really liked him. Yeah, he might be on the bad side of some
enemy shinobi, but who isn’t?”

So far, Ryoko didn’t hear anything useful. She decided to get the route the missing shinobi
took and scout it with her own team. The next day, the four of them strolled across the estate,
around the forest, and into the small fishing village. Just like the captain said, they didn’t see
anything suspicious on their way.

“Senpai, do you believe their story?” Kobura asked as they took what looked like your usual
breakfast with friends in one of the cafes by the market. In actuality, the four of them were
always on alert. Always watching. Always listening. Always sensing. Just like back in her
ANBU days…

“Hn. So far, there was nothing that would prove otherwise…” she thought out loud while
casually stirring her tea with a spoon.

Her dark eyes watched the sellers setting up their trading shops. Some kids were playing
nearby by the docks. There were a few sailors and tradesmen walking with purpose. Her eyes
stopped on one old man walking along the road with a stick. His back was bent from old age
and he had a walking stick.

“Poor blind grandpa,” Kuma whispered as he watched the man slowly making his way into
the crowd. Ryoko had to disagree with her kohai. As she sipped her tea, she clearly saw that
the old man was smiling. He was content with his life.

He probably has children who provide for him… because he doesn’t look like your typical
bum… and he probably has grandchildren… is that why he is so cheering despite being
blind?... her thoughts naturally swayed towards the big question that plagued her these days.



The old man stopped by a fish stand and took a long breath. Exhaled, and smirked. “Good
morning ladies!”

Ryoko choked on her tea and started laughing along with a few other passersby.

“What’s so funny, Taicho?” Kuma tilted his innocent head completely lost to the situation.
The boy might still be a virgin if he couldn’t make the connection, while the old man clearly
wasn’t. He looked so free and liberated…

Maybe… I should… keep it?... she wondered to herself, but quickly got her mind back on
track. She had to take care of the mission first, despite all distractions.

“Rinkusu, what did you find about our missing shinobi? Any dirt on him?”

“No, Taicho. He worked, completed his tasks, and did nothing else. But…”

“Hn?”

“Well, Kobura had a suggestion and I think there might be something to it.”

Ryoko glanced at Cobra and nodded for him to elaborate. “So, Rinkusu found out that our
missing shinobi was mentioned in the Bingo Books. And I thought that if something did
happen… we might get some intel in one of the collection offices nearby. At least, it would
be a good idea to check just in case…”

Ryoko thought it over in silence. Damn. Her little ones sure grew up a lot. As if they didn’t
even need her anymore. Figuring out things all on their own… She smirked. “Good call. Let's
go and pay those dirty bastards a surprise inspection.”

━━━━━━━━━━

Just as planned her team approached one of the bounty collection offices. It was coincidently
fronting as an actual funeral home. “Seriously?” Kobura clicked his tongue with displeasure.
Indeed, Ryoko could agree with him. These scum that profit from fallen warriors were getting
overconfident.

They found a way inside pretty easily after asking nicely. Ryoko held a picture of the missing
shinobi for the local caretaker to take a look at. He was a scrawny-looking old thug, with
sleek gray hair and thick glasses.

“Seen him, old man, hn?”

“Hmm. Ah yes. You might want to update your bingo books,” the man had the gall to snicker
with mirth. Ryoko quickly extended her hand so that Kuma wouldn’t jump the old man.
Barely made it in time too.

“Leave him be, Kuma. He’s not worth our time. Oy! Old man, who brought him in?” Ryoko
diverted her eyes again at the ‘man in charge’.



“Me…” a scratchy voice announced from behind them. “And it looks like it’s my lucky day,
Konoha’s Midnight Dragon. We finally meet,” Ryoko’s head snapped to the direction of the
entrance where a tall cloaked man was standing. Half of his face was covered with a mask
leaving only piercing green eyes focused on her. The way he stared at her made Ryoko feel
rather icky.

From the title he announced, the man clearly knew exactly who she was. If he really was a
bounty hunter, that would not be a surprise. Just recently her Bingo Book entry was updated
with her drawing, she practically expected to finally be targeted by some hunters. “And who
might you be?” she asked calmly while her brain devised a strategy. Covertly, her team
already took their position around her. This was not their first rodeo and this sucker just
happened to bark on the wrong tree.

“Shut up. Talking is wasting time and time is money,” the man growled, what could be as
good as a signal for a fight to begin.

In a short span of time the front of the collection office exploded from paper bombs, kunai
littered the grown along with poisoned senbon. The bastard turned out to be more resilient
than she expected. He dodged well even against multiple offenders. Ryoko’s red eyes
cautioned the woman to keep her distance until she finished analyzing him.

There was just something off about this strange man… Ryoko just couldn’t put her finger on
it yet. She couldn’t tell what age he was, but he clearly had ample experience. She couldn’t
tell what his build was as he kept himself hidden by the cloak. It was getting rather annoying.

“I guess we’ll have to ask questions when we cut your head off…” she said after dodging a
kunai. Ryoko’s patience ended right there. She shamelessly made a very familiar lightning
technique hand signs and attacked the man with insane speed. Her hand went through the
man’s chest like a hot knife through butter. His heart was torn to shreds from Kakashi’s
trademark Chidori.

“Fuckin finally… this old man sure had…” Ryoko couldn't finish her sentence, as, from
nowhere, odd metal threads latched onto her chest! They felt like parasitic worms trying to
get under her skin.

“I’LL TAKE YOUR HEART YOU, LITTLE BITCH!” the ‘should be dead’ man arose from
the ground in front of her. The hole in his cloak and chest was still visible ...so how the fuck is
he still standing???? was Ryoko’s only thought. She instinctively dodged the hand that was
reaching for her. No, she could not allow herself to be caught.

In an instant Lynx was by her side. With a swing of his tanto, the metal strings were cut and
they jumped back to gain some breathing room and regroup. The bounty hunter ripped his
cloak off and Ryoko saw what she could only describe as some Frankenstein shit. The man’s
body looked like it was sewn together by those same odd threads that attacked her! And the
cavity she made with Chidori also knitted itself back together like nothing happened!

Ryoko clasped her jaw with irritation. She grabbed on the leftover strings clinging to her skin
and ripped them right off. This man pissed her off! “Who are you?” she asked despite



wanting to insult him with curse words. Her calm ANBU trained mindset didn’t allow Ryoko
to succumb to emotions because of some lowlife missing-nin.

“You have a lot of money on your head. You will be my next paycheck,” the man said with
finality or maybe he was just too cocky for his own good. “Besides, you destroyed something
of mine. You must pay for that with your own heart!”

That fully confirmed Ryoko’s suspicion about this guy being a bounty hunter. She smirked.
“Good one. I’ll see you try doing that.”

So the fight began again with another surprise. Before Ryoko could start running, the man in
front of them as if rippled until entities started to emerge from his back wearing weird masks.
The beings were made entirely out of the weird strings.

“What the f…” Kumo muttered as he shifted uncomfortably from the odd sight.

Ryoko at this moment had only one thought. Hm… sensei’s birthday is coming up… I think
he would like this one as a present!!.... No matter how many clones there would appear in
front of Ryoko, she was ready to slaughter them all. So far from what she observed, their
enemy was not only physically well built with height, speed and strength, but possessed
fierce jutsu. He won’t be easy to kill, she already guessed as much.

Before her mind was made up, the odd-shaped figures moved. One of them crumbled to bits,
the other three however did not. Naturally, her team split up. Each member facing their own
opponent. Wind billowed around Ryoko as she stood in front of the masked man. There was
not much around them, but rocks and a steep cliff with a rushing river at the bottom.

“...”

“...”

Neither said a word and without a clear signal, they both somehow knew the exact time to
move. Ryoko’s eyes were red, his were green. They silently calculated the other’s movements
and technique. In the distance a loud blast shook the rocky earth they were fighting on.

“I should recalculate your bounty…” the man grunted as their blades clashed.

“Oh? How charming!” Ryoko yelled back as she threw her kunai in the same moment as she
drew her trusty scythe out of a storage seal on her arm. Her instincts were telling her to keep
her distance. Scythe was perfect for it! It always reminded Ryoko of her idol…

She was not alone thinking that way. “Hm. So the rumors are true. You are like him. The
spawn of the Saviour of This World,” he croaked out loud and clear. Strangely, she couldn't
spot sarcasm in his tone.

“Aww. What a charmer! Sorry, but I’m a married woman!” Ryoko was glad to hear about her
reputation, yet it would take much more to distract her. She swung her weapon expertly as
she tried to slice the old hunter into smaller bits until he cannot sew himself back together.



Just then something more did happen to distract her. A loud blast of fire grabbed the corner of
her eye. Almost like an inferno was headed straight towards Rinkusu/ Lynx! Ryoko knew her
kohai and she knew his skills. He won’t be able to handle it or escape from it.

With a split-second decision, Ryoko flickered in front of her teammate and countered the fire
with her own Katon jutsu. “Th.. thank you, Senpai…” the man uttered as he tried to stand up.
He was cut and bruised and singed in places.

Ryoko quickly found the masked entity that used the jutsu and prepared herself to destroy it.
The only problem was, that as she jumped up with her scythe targeting the mask, someone
else appeared before her as if from thin air. A sole hand with wires going from its elbow that
connected to the old man standing down below!

“I got you now!” he yelled and with speed og Gui’s level appeared behind Ryoko instantly
having strings bind her in place. She was momentarily stunned by the appendage that still
worked even not connected to the main body. The hand itself stretched and five sharp strings
burst out from each fingertip aiming at her heart.

All this happened in less than a second. The save. The jump. The trap. The attack. And one
unexpected factor. “PANDA!” she yelled out to the idiot that jumped in front of her to block
the attack directed at her heart.

The metal strings went through her kohai’s body skewering him and… they weren’t stopping!
Ryoko really saw red at that moment. It wasn’t just her sharingan. It wasn’t just the blood of
her teammate on her face. She was in rage! But she couldn’t move a muscle and that was the
most infuriating part… if only she could capture his eyes…

Ryoko was out of time. The strings were finally there and they pierced just below her rib cage
barely missing her lung. Instead of the enemy, Ryoko’s eye’s met with Panda’s. The look on
his face said one very clear message. Do it.

I got careless… and arrogant… this is my fault… she had a second to think as the air around
them charged with her chakra. This was one of her secret variations on Fire jutsu. The strings
connected to her body were superheated until they were red. Panda screamed from the same
heat, but it also affected the man that was holding her in his grasp.

If they fall, they will fall together!

So they did. The strings either melted away or were ripped apart. The three bodies started to
drop down. Ryoko saw a hand reaching for her. Most importantly, she finally saw the wide
green eyes. “EAT SHIT YOU, TRASH!” she hissed out and sent a rather violent genjutsu
towards his mind the same moment as another jutsu made an explosion that made the three of
them fly into opposite directions.

For Ryoko, it felt like slow motion as she was falling. Huh… I’ve been falling for a while
now… right? Is this a cliff?... Why can’t I move my fingers… she vaguely considered when
her eyes spotted the droplets of blood left in the sky after her like a trail. Ah. Yes, she’s
injured and losing blood. How unfortunate.



“I hope… Panda is okay…” she whispered before darkness took over. Ryoko didn’t feel the
impact with the water she fell into. The river's current took her away.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 71: Bittersweet

An old man lived a peaceful life on his farm. He woke up early in the mornings, took care of
the crops, fished, and then drank when the night came. A simple yet completely fulfilling life.
He was also blind, but that didn’t stop him, because the old man learned how to see with
chakra. Every living thing had it.

He was not someone born with this skill. Sensors, he heard shinobi call people like that. He
was not a sensor. He just learned what he needed to survive. Chakra was like an aura or a
separate bloodstream that he could feel if concentrated enough. Even inanimate objects had
traces of chakra from being exposed to it.

That is how the old man managed to avoid those who called themselves shinobi as well.
Their chakra was bright as the sun or fake as glass if their chakra was suppressed. He only
wanted to live the rest of his days in peace. Alone. In the tranquil shelter made by his own
hands. Away from the perverted humanity.

Today, like any other day, he finished working in the fields and now stood belly deep in a
river with his trusty spear. He was a patient man and took his time while choosing the perfect
fish to be his prey. That is when he felt something odd brush over his hand. It was not
seaweed or other debris. It felt like…

“Hair?” his scratchy voice could not hold back from voicing his surprise under such an odd
occurrence. The hair itself was not that odd. Even understanding that there is a body in the
water next to him was not a huge deal. That happened from time to time. The odd thing
was… he didn’t notice this person's chakra.

Carefully his old and wrinkled hand followed the hair to locate its owner. His fingertips
spotted a metal plate. A shinobi… of course… he clicked his tongue with annoyance. Shinobi
always bring trouble! They bring death and despair and bloodshed. He despised shinobi...
especially…

“Fucking Konoha…” the old man cursed and was about to let the body pass him with the
river's current when suddenly he stopped. Yes, it would be easy to ignore this person. But it
was a Konoha dog… Leaf shinobi are irritatingly loyal and sooner or later would come
looking for their comrade.

If that wasn’t enough, the old man had to admit that Konoha had quite the skillful dogs in
their service. They would notice a trace of their comrade on him and this place. “What to
do…” he thought. Finally, he decided to look closer at the person next to him.

His hand slid down over the face features he could not see until it finally reached the neck.
THERE IS A PULSE! But… how could that be?!?! The man was stumped. Based on the lack
of chakra he assumed that…

“What an odd person…” he whispered as he leaned closer. With full concentration, he could
finally see the barely visible flow of chakra in this body. What puzzled him the most was the



feeling of this chakra.

After many years the old man learned to distinguish a lot of things from chakra alone. Chakra
of people with a lot of it feels heavy and thick and strong. Chakra of people with a little of it
feels flexible and light and airy. The more chakra you use and lose the lighter it feels.

In this case, the old man saw something he hadn't seen before. There was chakra. It was dull.
As if there was barely any of it left yet the small amount he could grasp of it felt like a house!
He could not comprehend how such a small amount could feel so strong. It was a
contradiction. How could a person have and not have a lot of chakra at the same time??!!

The old man looked even closer. He looked at the flow of chakra and followed it to see what
exactly is consuming it. Maybe this person has a special power that is causing this
phenomenon? Or a weapon? Or an injury? Or… a baby?

“Foolish kunoichi!!! Going into battle in this condition!!!” he cursed thickly. There was no
mistake. He spotted a glimmer of mixed chakra in her belly. If that wasn’t enough, the little
blossoming life was wrapped tightly in its mother's chakra cocoon. It appeared as if the
woman either intentionally or subconsciously diverted her chakra to protect her child.

“Idiot… young people these days know nothing…” the situation just got even more
complicated. The old man wanted nothing to do with this, but he didn’t dare to let go now.
“My cursed life… what did I do to have to repent this much…” he whined as he gathered the
woman’s unconscious body into his arms. She was lite enough for him to carry. Not nearly as
heavy as two bags of rice!

The old man chose to take the woman inside his hut and keep her alive until Konoha dogs
came to get her. Disregarding his own survival instinct he chose to save her. He didn’t know
what monster attacked her or if that monster would come here. He only knew that the world
was already cruel enough. He didn’t want to be a part of that cruelty anymore. So he chose to
save the woman and her child instead of letting them perish in the river.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko awoke with a start. She darted up from her laid position, sharingan eyes activated
without even a blink. Quickly she gathered the sight of her surroundings… it was a room?
Carefully she looked around for threats but found none. It looked like your regular shabby
dwelling.

Looking closer to her own state, Ryoko found that there were bandages on her torso. So
someone tried to heal her? Ryoko’s mind recalled the last thing she saw before the blast.
Ahh.. The cliff… Panda… that old Frankenstein freak… unlike most people, she didn’t jump
up in a panic and worry about her comrades.

In a situation like this, her next step will be crucial so she has to take a deep breath and think
carefully to properly assess the situation. She was sure that the monster they encountered
would take time to wake up and recollect himself after her genjutsu. So she had time to
regroup.



Her team… they would follow the usual procedure - regroup, report to Konoha, and wait for
her command. It was not likely that they would start searching for her blindly. And if those
idiots dared to doubt her strength she would be very upset!! No. They will definitely trust her
to survive and come back with vengeance.

So now, the most important thing would be to check her own current state after the injuries
and… Injuries!?!?!?! Ryoko’s eyes widened as her hand clasped to her middle, slightly
shaking. I am alive, but… is… it… alive… the woman closed her eyes and took a few deep
breaths. She couldn’t sense the chakra inside her, it was too early for her skill level. She
couldn’t even check precisely with her medical ninjutsu.

“Basic diagnostic it is…” Ryoko whispered before concentrating her own chakra into her
palm just like Itachi and Kabuto taught her. It was not much but she could check for broken
bones or internal bleeding.

A broken rib… torn muscles… the bastard targeted my heart!.. she managed to deduct at least
that much from the trail of injuries inside of her. Thankfully, she didn’t find any disturbances
in her lower region. That would be enough to calm her mind for now.

Strangely enough, when Ryoko checked, her chakra levels were rather low. Maybe she
wasn’t unconscious for that long? But it didn’t make sense! She didn’t use up that much
chakra in her fight!

“I need to find others…” she sighed after deciding to ignore yet another issue and just keep
monitoring her chakra levels for other abnormalities. Her eyes opened full of determination.
“Now where the fuck am I?”

Ryoko stumbled from the cot she was placed on. Her legs wanted to waver, but she didn’t
allow for it. Looking around the woman spotted a few spears, a fishing net, and some other
farmer stuff around. It must be some local worker who found her… She looked around once
more for some clues… Instinctively she checked all the corners, windows, the ceiling…

Suddenly, Ryoko froze up in her spot. Her eyes were transfixed at the sight in front of them.
As quickly as the shock washed over her, it disappeared. Ryoko burst out of the hut and
desperately looked around for the person that lived here. There! In the distance, she saw an
old man sitting on a bench and polishing his tools.

With shaky legs, she approached him. Her mouth felt dry and her heart was beating wildly.
What was she supposed to do in a situation like this? Even if he saved her, Ryoko was not
about to bow to anyone so she stood tall, her back straight, eyes spinning with tomoe.
“Greetings, Madara-sama.”

It was him. Her idol. Her guide in this strange world. The moment she spotted the Legendary
Gumbai handing on the man's ceiling, she knew it was the real deal. Only sharingan would
spot the subtle marks visible only for Uchiha. Now, standing in front of him, she was
absolutely sure. It was him!

The man looked old and his hair was gray… but it was him! His facial features looked
surprisingly similar to her father's and Itachi’s… The man finally tilted his head up and she



saw his dead-looking eyes. He was blind!

“Argh… just my wretched luck to have one of you stumble here…” he sighed. Madara
clearly felt the power of her eyes. Uchiha could always recognize one another.

To think… that the great Madara Uchiha was still alive…???!!! Just how old would he be? To
her calculations, he would be… about 130 years old!

Ryoko cleared her throat. “Apologies for disturbing you, Madara-sama. It is a great honor for
me to be in your presence. I am Uchiha Ryoko.”

He smirked. “Honor, you say? Yet you stand tall, not even bow your head to me?”

“Yes! It is an honor! I have looked up to you all my life, Madara-sama. I always question
myself in different situations, what would Madara do in my stead? And I am sure that great
Madara Uchiha would bow to no one, therefore I do not bow either.”

The old man dropped his head back and laughed in a scratchy voice that was clearly in disuse
for a long time. “How amusing. Well, at least some of my clan still have the true spirit of
Uchiha. Tell me, who is leading the clan right now?”

“That would be my big brother, Itachi, the eldest son of Fugaku Uchiha, the previous clan
head.”

“Hn. The Wicked Eye Fugaku. I have heard of him.”

Ryoko felt like she could burst! There were so many things she wanted to ask! She couldn’t
even feel the pain from her wounds anymore. Everything paled in comparison to the
sensation of meeting the person she admired for so long.

“When will others come for you?” he asked while Ryoko was still considering her own
questions.

“They will not. They know I will be fine and come back.”

“Hn,” he tilted his head slightly. Even with unseeing eyes staring at her, Ryoko felt shivers go
down her spine. He was looking right through her. “Yet, you lost in your battle. Are you that
arrogant, my descendant?”

Ahh… Ryoko wanted to be swallowed by the ground under her feet from shame. She
suppressed the urge to bow her head only barely. This was embarrassing…. To meet the great
Madara in such a sorry state… She had no excuse for it. “Yes. I was too careless and
underestimated my opponent and the value of his fighting experience. That will not happen
again.”

“Stupid, child!” being scolded by Madara felt like she was being stabbed in her chest all over
again. “Of course, you would fail in the state you are in!”

Were her skills that lacking? Ryoko felt emotional damage like no other. This… This hurt.
Even sensei’s critiques could not compare to Madara’s harsh assessment. “I… will learn from



my failures and they will never happen again…” was the only thing her numb brain mustered
to reply.

“Tsk! You must carve your victories in stone, yet carve your failures in sand! Otherwise, you
will become just as bitter as I am.”

An interesting piece of advice - not to dwell. It was wise, but… Ryoko was already a rather
bitter and vengeful person. She never forgets! “Yes, Madara-sama.”

“What idiocy pushed you into battle while pregnant with a child?!? Do you not value life at
all?!? Do you know nothing?!?! Even in my days, we were never desperate enough to send
out our women in such a state!”

“I…” for the first time in years Ryoko wanted to cry from sorrow and frustration. She does
care! She really does… even if she was not sure before she is still human and she cares… she
does… she does… she cares… “I do not have an excuse. I always relied on my chakra, but it
was not enough this time…”

“Well of course it wasn’t! Uchiha have ingrained priorities! Ah, you really know nothing, do
you? When an Uchiha is carrying a child, their chakra’s main focus is to protect the child and
not to be used frivolously in a fight!”

“...What?...” Ryoko blinked. This wasn’t just some random insult. Madara clearly meant that
chakra behaves differently in her situation… That would explain what she noticed herself. No
surprise that she didn’t know about it… Ryoko always skipped books about marriage and
children despite Mikoto’s encouragement… Mother, I was wrong… I should have listened
more to you…

Once again in a short span of time, Ryoko felt foolish. The more she learned, the more she
felt lacking. There was always something new to discover… This actually reminded her of
the Hatake conditions… It would only make sense that each clan has its own intricacies just
like they have their own subtle nuances in battle.

“Sit already, hn,” Madara grumbled and resumed polishing his tools blade.

Ryoko slumped on the bench beside him. Her mind was slightly blown right now. She had to
use this chance to ask about something important… Pushing her self-pity aside, Ryoko
looked at the sky and spoke. “Madara-sama, we will probably never meet again. And I will
not disclose that I have seen you, that I can promise. I would just like to ask…there are
certain circumstances I cannot speak of, but because of them I often pretend to be someone
who I am not. I am not sure… who I am anymore…”

This was a thought that often plagued her as time went by. Even if she was someone from
another world… Fugaku… Mikoto… Itachi… Sasuke… and now Tendou… They were her
family now. She felt part of the Uchiha clan, yet sometimes… she would remember that she
is not… Kakashi helped her a lot in this case. He saw the true her. The cold side of her. The
darkness within her… He was not required to have feelings for her because of a blood bond
and still, he loved her.



“Hn. We all pretend. Just like I am pretending to be a farmer right now. We are what we
pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be,” he spoke clearly and
Ryoko just listened. “Whenever you think or you believe or you know, you're a lot of other
people. But the moment you feel, that is when you're nobody-but-yourself. We are Uchiha
and we feel. That is our core. Emotions shape our existence.”

He put down his tools and also looked up at the sky as if he could see the clouds passing by.
“To be nobody-but-yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you
everybody but yourself, means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight,
and never stop fighting.”

“Hn. I think I understand now. It truly felt like a battle… but I will never stop! No matter
what I will reach my goal!”

“Oh? And what is it?”

“I will be the next Hokage! I will bring justice to the clan of Uchiha that is long overdue! I
will make sure that no more lives would be sacrificed for pointless wars.”

“You want peace? Are you aware of the cost of peace?”

Ryoko had an idea of what he meant. She smirked viciously. “You cannot truly call yourself
peaceful unless you are capable of great violence. If you are not capable of violence, you are
not peaceful, you're just harmless. I can assure you, Madara-sama, I am not harmless.”

“I see… Hn. There is spirit in you, kid, but you should go rest now. Your wounds were deep.
Soon it will be time for your next adventure.”

If Ryoko were even a bit more hot-headed, she would have declined the offer. Thankfully, the
woman was not stupid. Considering her limitations, she had to regain as much strength as
possible. “Thank you. I will have a nap then, as I still have no idea what I’ll do tomorrow.”

“How exciting,” Madara said more to himself it seemed.

The next time Ryoko awoke, she was still in a cacophony of different emotions. Excitement
mixed with dread and guilt. Yet the only way was forward. She took one last glance at the hut
and the legendary man. Even old and gray, she could feel the strength oozing from him.

“Hn. I must take my leave now, unfortunately. I cannot stay for much longer,” Ryoko took a
long breath. This all still felt like a dream. She wasn’t sure if her image of Madara changed or
not. She was too stunned to comprehend everything yet. For now, Ryoko had to take care of
her mission first.

“In your state? How troublesome young people are… wait here,” he grumbled and walked to
the hut. In a moment he emerged carrying…

“Gunbai!” Ryoko’s eyes sparkled with bright light as her previous concerns were safely
compartmentalized for another day.

“Tsk. Take it and don’t you dare die with it!”



“Hn! It is an honor, Madara-sama! I will not bring shame to Uchiha, that is my vow!” Ryoko
didn’t have to be convinced. She eagerly took the handle of the weapon she dreamed of for
years. Fuck being humble! She has Madara’s Legendary Gumbai now!

“Hn. Now leave me alone! I have things to do! I don’t care about shinobi matters anymore!”

“Yes, of course!” Ryoko smirked. It didn’t look like the man didn’t care, based on his actions.
He was clearly being stubborn and bitter. A true Uchiha. She nodded and left towards the
river. It will be her guide to the cliff she fell off.

The woman didn’t look back or hesitate. The feeling of gunbai’s handle in her palm was
proof enough that her surprise encounter was real. For now, she had to focus only on beating
a monster and finding her scattered kohai with minimal chakra use.

A lot of things she could not use now. She didn’t want to summon her pets as they would take
too much chakra that she could not spare. No, Ryoko was not planning to make the same
mistake again and underestimate that old monster. She will conserve her strength and think of
a strategy based on everything she learned during the last battle.

━━━━━━━━━━

Back in Konoha Minato walked slightly concerned from their message center. There were no
new reports from Ryoko and her team. She usually would send one every other day, but the
last one came already four days ago. Something was off. He could feel it.

In his office, Minato summoned one of his chunin. “Send a messenger for team Choza, there
is a mission for them.”

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 72: Kakuzu of Takigakure
Chapter Notes

There were a lot of questions about how Madara ended up where he did 😂 the only
thing I can say is that I was inspired by Thanos lol!




Art Reference

P.S. Ryoko with her new gunbai!






Art Reference

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Itachi was lost in thought when he joined his family for breakfast. It had been a few days
since Shisui started to act strangely around him. At first, it was small. The awkward laughs
here and there. Avoiding eye contact until his cousin started to avoid Itachi altogether.
Something was clearly bothering Shisui and that did not sit well with Itachi. He wanted to
help his cousin, if only he knew the source of the issue…

Meanwhile in the depths of ANBU HQ Shisui violently sneezed and then curled even tighter
on his bunk bed. He wasn’t having a great time. This was one of those occasions when Shisui
being a loyal shinobi of Konoha really conflicted with his bond to Uchiha and his friends.
How could he look Itachi in the eyes when he knew the things he knew?

Surely, Itachi would understand… Or maybe not… when Ryoko comes back (because of
course she will come back!) Shisui only hopes that his conscience will feel lighter. Being on
guard duty in the Hokage office he hears a lot of things. This is the unsavory part of his job as
one of the elite ANBU ranks.

Ryoko is missing and he cannot tell anyone.



“At least senpai is no longer in ANBU or I would be in trouble,” he giggled to himself like a
madman. Shisui could only laugh in his helpless situation. Not only did he avoid Itachi, but
Obito and Kakashi as well. Shisui practically lived in ANBU headquarters these days. At
least Yue was here too…

Even that could not last for too long. His shift was about to start. The man dressed and left
together with other team Ro members. The new captain was no Kakashi, but he was okay.
Some weird guy that idealized senpai in a rather extreme manner. His idol worship aside, the
man was skilled for Shisui to feel good about his team.

Silently he traveled over the rooftops with other shadows by his side. The last few meters
away, Shisui flickered and appeared in the rafters of Hokage’s office. His shift begins like
clockwork. Constant vigilance painfully nurtured in them by hime herself… Shisui tensed as
he felt chakra approach the room.

“Hokage-sama! Urgent missive!” a chunin rushed in with a small scroll in his hand. There
was a distinctive grey ribbon tied on it in a reverse bow style. Even from up top Shisui
noticed how Minato’s face scrunched as if he had just eaten a lemon. A reverse bow was not
great. But a grey reversed bow was concerning.

Shisui watched with bated breath as Minato used a decoding jutsu to reveal the true message
behind the secret cipher. There was silence and then Minato’s chakra flared indicating for
Team Ro to descend from their hiding spot.

“Team Ro. The team I sent to investigate an incident in Daimyos guard found a missing-nin
bounty hunter who had already killed at least two of our own. The team was attacked and
scattered. I already sent Team Choza as backup, but considering the fact that this missing-nin
managed to overwhelm and injure Ryoko’s team… I need you to leave immediately,
eliminate the threat and bring them all back home!”

“YES, HOKAGE-SAMA!” they said in unison and moved just as synchronized. Shisui’s
heart skipped a beat, yet he kept going. As fast as he could without losing his team. Shit. He
knew it! The bad feeling he had these few days was for a reason. With a bit more chakra
channeled to his feet, Shisui jumped further.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko kept a slow and steady pace. She needed time to think over all the intel she gathered
so far. Rash actions would not go well in this predicament. With warmth in her gaze, the
woman glanced at the gunbai’s handle securely gripped by her hand. The huge fan was slung
over her shoulder like it weighs nothing. It felt as much to Ryoko at least.

With this… I have a chance! she snickered. Considering her preoccupied chakra Ryoko was
left to work with less than a quarter of her original reserves. Thankfully, one of the more
famous abilities of her new weapon/ shield was to take chakra from the jutsu it collides with
and transform it into a wind-style technique thus returning the attack back to its owner.

With defense measures settled, she had to consider attack options that were available to her.
Something like Chidori would require too much chakra in this case, when there might be



more hidden secrets the missing-nin held. She could use fire alongside the wind
transformation of the gunbai. That sounded positively divine to her. Now Ryoko understood
how Madara-sama managed to set everything around him so easily ablaze in a battle.

Another option was to use a weapon, but getting too close to the enemy made her feel warry.
She still felt the phantom sensation of his threads invading her body. She suppressed a shiver
and an irritated growl all at once. There was no time to relive that failure of hers.

From what Ryoko saw, and Sharingan made sure to imprint every detail in her mind, the man
was a missing-nin from Takigakure and he was one until he summoned four entities. They
were like some golems that obeyed the man’s will. She recalled the first time her hand went
through his chest. She definitely felt tearing through his heart and yet the man was fine.

The only result of her attack, that Ryoko could conclude, was one of the golems breaking
after it was summoned. That led her to believe that each creature plus the man itself would
have to be killed for him to stay dead. Four more times in total. That would be tricky and all
in all a fight of endurance. This thought again urged her to save her chakra and not use any
flashy techniques.

Her head sifted through each memory and collected every little bit to make plans for
appropriate countermeasures. That is all Ryoko could do as she walked by the river.
Unintentionally, she tried not to think about her team. They had to be fine. She trusted them
to survive.

After another ten minutes of walking, she finally spotted a familiar cliff. Oh, how Ryoko
wanted to summon her cats to find others. She wanted to summon a tiger to help her in a
fight. Yet, that would not work with her current chakra levels. Every bit of chakra was
precious to Ryoko for the first time in her life.

She carefully approached the former battlefield in a half-circle trajectory. The enemy could
be there already even if she couldn’t feel his chakra. As she stepped silently through the little
forest, her eyes bled red just in case a trap was set up here too. Instead of a threat, she spotted
something else.

“Well hello there,” she smiled and poked with one gloved finger an inconspicuous-looking
mushroom. It jiggled and little dust rained down from its cap. No doubt poisonous if the
acidic smell was anything to go by. Looking around she spotted another one in the distance.
Like beacons, they led her away north from her intended direction.

“Taicho!” after a short walk following the breadcrumbs, Ryoko finally found Cobra’s
hideout. He didn’t dispel the genjutsu that surrounded the perimeter, but he also didn’t have
to. Ryoko’s sharingan saw right through it and that is what Cobra counted on.

“Report. What happened,” she ordered, while her eyes glanced at Panda on the ground
covered with a blanket. Her sharingan noticed a slight movement in the man's chest. He was
alive!

“We got split up when the monsters appeared. They seemed to use high-level jutsu but only
of a single element by a single monster. I think Lynx managed to defeat his monster and they



switched with Panda. He went after you, taicho,” the man also glanced at Panda.

“Hn. What happened then? There were explosions?”

“Ah, yes… That was Lynx. I couldn’t find him or you after the blast.”

“The enemy?”

Cobra shook his head. “Gone along with his monsters. I sent a message to Konoha as per
protocol.”

“Good. I will go find Lynx and then we will have to retreat back to Konoha.”

“Taicho! Let me come with you! If you encounter the missing-nin alone…”

The more prideful Ryoko would have taken offense or simply laughed. The current cautious
and weakened Ryoko stayed silent as she considered the offer. “What’s Panda’s status?”

“He is unconscious, with a fever, but no internal or external bleeding at the moment. He can
be left unattended.”

“Alright. Leave a clone here and come with me. If anything changes, we’re returning.”

“Yes, taicho!”

It took them twenty minutes to find Lynx.

“How predictable! Konoha dogs are always so loyal, I just had to wait here for my bounty to
come directly to me,” the missing-nin said with mirth to the frozen Ryoko and silent Cobra
by her side. She couldn’t take her eyes off the grotesque cavity in Lynx’s body. Right where
his heart should be. He was dead. Undoubtedly dead.

“Who do you think you are to take something that is mine?” Ryoko said quietly with a
small smile on her lips.

“You bitch, dare to use that tone with me?! I took a replacement for what you destroyed,
girly.”

“Replacement?” she blinked. “Ah, I see. So now, I will have to crush my own comrade’s
heart? That is just mean!” she said it still with a smile. Her mind was completely blank, the
time stopped.

“You’re annoying. You should know your place by now, are you ready to die?” the man
growled. She could see the dark threads under his skin pulsating.

“Who do you think you are? A god? There is only one god and its name is death. What do we
say to it?” she turned to Cobra, eyes closed into a Kakashi-esque smile.

“Not today!” the man responded with determination. With those words, their fight began.



━━━━━━━━━━

Choza hasn’t been on a mission in a while. He guessed that one reason for Minato to choose
specifically him was the tight night relationship the Akimichi clan had with this specific
daimyo. To have one of Minato’s treasured guard members, Genma, in his team felt also
rather reassuring. Because, at the end of the day, he really didn’t look forward to facing an
enemy that potentially caused trouble for Ryoko-chan.

“How will we find them?” Ebisu asked when they finished checking daimyo’s residence and
found no trace. It was Genma who whistled to grab their attention. His hand pointed to the
sky.

“Where there’s smoke, there’s fire,” he said as they all spotted the same dark trail of smoke in
the distance.

“Alright! Let’s check it out!” Choza ordered and they started to run in a loose formation
towards the smoke. He glanced a few times at Gai, who was unusually tame. He’s known the
man for years and only a few times was Gai ever like that… “Let’s double our speed!” Choza
decided. If even Gai is serious, he cannot slack off!

“Yes, sensei!” the trio responded and pushed further.

The team was greeted with a blaze. Fire fully engulfed the forest in front of them. It was
dangerous. “Should we…” Ebisu was undoubtedly about to suggest a water technique when
he was cut off by an ominous sound getting louder and louder.

“What is that?!” Gai exclaimed as he tried to see over the flames.

“TAKE COVER IN THE TREES!” Genma cursed and jumped up followed by his team, just
before tsunami-like waves washed over everything below them. The trees swayed and
creaked, but withstood the powerful jutsu.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko was so done. She was completely done with her situation. With her enemy. With this
whole predicament. How many more fucking hearts does this bitch have???? she bitterly
thought after landing in a crouch on the wet ground. The bastard was practically immortal all
things considered.

She managed to ‘kill’ him three more times with Cobra’s help. Then her teammate's hand was
almost ripped off and she ordered him to back off. In the worst-case scenario, at least one of
them had to survive to send a message to Konoha. At this moment, her only hope was that
she needed to kill the missing-nin one last time and everything will be over.

She was wrong. The fucking ragdoll freak pulled out a storage scroll and revealed a pickled
heart from it. Ryoko spit blood on the ground with frustration. SERIOUSLY? This can last
forever depending on how many hearts he has still left in that scroll… she thought and then
the fighting continued. She didn’t want to give him time to absorb the heart or extract any
more of them.



Madara’s gunbai saved her life more than once. Again she deflected a jutsu from a newly
formed golem. The reversal wind was followed by a small katon jutsu and the result was a
loud bang and fire. Simple. Elegant. Effective.

At some point, the man grumbled that she reminded him of Hashirama with her tenacity. That
pissed Ryoko to a level she didn’t know existed. After that comment, she ‘killed’ the bastard
two more times. The downside of her rage going haywire was the drain on her chakra
reserves. At least a warm fire was all around her now. It was almost cozy.

Of course, the fuckhead had to ruin everything with his water golem. Ryoko managed to land
on her feet. She was breathing heavily. Her bandages were wet and newly stained with blood.
She wondered, how much longer this will have to continue? How much longer will she
manage to stay up on her feet?

Oh? Another attack?... I am so tired… and sick… the woman thought in a detached manner
as she observed the golem moving swiftly towards her. Ryoko wanted to bend over and puke
for a bit. She wanted to pause, but she knew better. She knew that her body would react
defensively on its own whether she wanted it or not from all the years of training.

“NOW IS NOT THE TIME TO REST, OH BLOSSOM OF YOUTH!” a loud voice echoed
over the singed clearing and a green blur appeared before her just in time to take the
approaching golem head-on.

“Motherfuckin’ Gai! I’m so glad to fucking see you,” she chuckled and relaxed the tiniest bit.
If he was here that means…

“Princess, you look like shit. Did you miss your beauty sleep?”

“Shut the fuck up, Genma,” she glared at the man with a bandana that appeared by her side
and there was no heat behind her words. She also highly ignored his worried glances towards
her injuries.

“What are we dealing with here?” Ebisu was next to appear on her other side.

“Is our enemy that strong?” Choza was the last one to make his entrance.

Damn… Ryoko was relieved! And she was not ashamed to admit it. Although hearing that
last question she couldn’t stop but laugh at the situation. “Strong? Hahaha. Well, I have killed
him probably about five times by now. Not sure if that qualifies him as strong, but annoying -
very much.”

“What do you mean you killed him?” Choza clarified, eyes wide with surprise.

“Exactly that. I crushed his heart. Tore it. Stabbed it. He just takes a new heart from his
storage scroll and continues,” that was all Ryoko managed to say before the fighting started
again. Her legs were tired, her hands were tired, even her hair felt tired. Ryoko was in an
extreme state of exhaustion, but she still stood back up. Just a little bit more and…

“Where are others?” Genma asked after landing his attack and jumping back to Ryoko’s side.



“Kuma is knocked out, needs a medic urgently for internal damage. Kobura… his arm was
practically torn off, I ordered him to fall back. Rinkusu… his heart was taken by the enemy
after our first encounter…” Ryoko used her team's code names just in case. Her words were
cold and detached.

“Ryoko… you’re injured too… you should fall back,” Genma carefully suggested while
others engaged the missing-nin.

“I have to finish this, Genma. Just have my back, won’t you?” and the man cursed as she
sprinted towards the ongoing battle. Yes, Ryoko was far more cautious in battle now, but her
Uchiha pride never wavered. This enemy would die from her hand before Ryoko even dares
to fall back.

━━━━━━━━━━

It took them another hour to put an end to it. When Ryoko drove her scythe’s blade into the
bounty hunter's chest, she dropped to the ground along with him. This was one of more
disgraceful endings to a fight she had in a long time. Kami, it was finally done! She was
sprawled on the rock beside the dead enemy and breathed heavily. Her clothing was bloody,
wet, singed, and riped at places. Her hair was in a similar state of disarray.

“Well done, the most youthful blossom!” Gai sent blinding thumbs up her way. Ryoko didn’t
have the energy to even cringe at that. That obnoxious man was the only one still standing
from all of them.

Despite the current situation, Ryoko pushed her sluggish fingers to get a scroll from her
pocket. With utmost concentration, she sealed the enemy's body and only then allowed
herself to fall back on the ground and fully relax. With one last twitch of her fingers, her
weapon and gunbai were also sealed to the tattoo on her wrist. Officially done. Like a switch
was flipped and she finally felt just how worn out she was. Her eyes closed without warning,
Ryoko drifted to a dreamless sleep.

At some point, Ryoko found her consciousness return to her. She felt the wind brush over her
cheeks. She felt the altitude change going up and down like waves in the ocean. She was
moving, yet her body was too tired for her to even open her eyes… that could only mean…

“Do not be alarmed, Lady Hatake. Team Ro is escorting you all home,” an emotionless
baritone whispered from above. Hatake?... there was only one person who insisted to call her
that after the wedding… she smirked. Now Ryoko felt completely safe if it was Tenzo next to
her. Or to be more precise, if she was in his hands at the moment.

“Tenzo… can you do me a favor?” she whispered barely audibly somewhere to the man's
chest armor. He was holding her securely yet gently so that Ryoko couldn’t feel any
discomfort during the travel. It was as if she was floating on a cloud…

“Yes, Lady Hatake?”

“When we get back… When you’ll take me to the hospital… take me to Tsunade directly.
Don’t even let my brother know I am submitted, am I clear?”



“... Yes… I understand…” there was hesitation in his voice, but she didn’t care. The last thing
Ryoko wanted was to trouble her brother. She couldn’t let him know about her… situation
just yet.

The rest of the way Ryoko slept like a soldier ready to spring to action at any given moment.
It was a fragile and blank state of mind, but it helped her body to rest even if she stayed on
alert the whole time. They reached Konoha late at night. Ryoko’s whole team was brought
directly to the hospital, while Choza’s team went to give their report to the Hokage.

As Ryoko didn’t have urgent injuries, like Panda and Cobra, she was washed up and left in a
room to wait for her turn. Ryoko found herself anxiously waiting for the door to open. A
rather grumpy Tsunade arrived ten minutes after she was settled. Ryoko glanced from the bed
she laid in and met the honey-colored eyes of the older woman.

“Seriously? I had to get out of bed for this? You damn brats…” Tsunade grumbled under her
breath as she looked Ryoko up and down. There was a slight whiff of sake and sweat coming
from the woman’s direction, but Ryoko didn’t care. There was no better medic in Konoha
than Tsunade. Even ‘drunk’ Tsunade. “At least now, the damn snake won’t pester me to
check his precious kid…” Tsunade continued to grumble until Ryoko interrupted her.

“Tsunade-sama, please, can you check if…” Ryoko’s voice cracked. Her hands resting on her
belly trembled. She couldn’t say it out loud. None of her team members even knew. Yet, she
didn’t need to say anything more as Tsunade’s expression got serious. Her gaze sobered up
and her hands started to glow green with medical chakra around them.

The older woman scanned Ryoko slowly from top to bottom. “Low chakra…” she
commented as her medical ninjutsu did its job. Ryoko held her breath. “Bruised ribs… a few
broken ones… ripped muscles… punctured lung… and… the fetus is perfectly fine,” both
women breathed out with relief.

Ryoko didn’t realize before just how much the unknown fate of the life within her burdened
her. She was relieved to the level of laughing. So she did. Ryoko laughed and tears gathered
in her eyes and she felt like she couldn’t breathe. “Thank you… thank you… thank you…”
she whispered to herself. All the thoughts of deprecating this pregnancy were long gone from
her mind.

“Breathe. In. Out. In. Out,” Tsunade’s heavy hand landed on her shoulder like an anchor
grounding her. “You’re alright. You both are.”

Ryoko caught her breath and as quickly as her breakdown appeared it was gone. She took
another steady breath and looked up at Tsunade. “Hn. My chakra did… something. I didn’t
know that would happen…”

“Ah yes, the Uchiha with their overprotectiveness,” the woman snorted clearly familiar with
what Ryoko was talking about. “Already seen this happening with your mother and Izumi-
san. But of course, neither shared much with me. Clan secrets,” Tsunade didn’t sound too
happy to be deprived of medical details, but clan things were always left to deal with in the
clans.



“Hn. I’ll speak with them then…”

After healing most of Ryoko’s injuries Tsunade left. Now if only she could also leave without
anyone noticing… Ryoko sat down on the bed and had to give herself a moment because she
was hit by a surprising level of lightheadedness. Before her vision fully cleared the door burst
open and a very concerned Itachi appeared.

“Shit…” Ryoko whispered to herself weakly. “Big brother… I’m fine…” she tried to stand
up, but he only pushed her back down. One glance from his fierce eyes and Ryoko shut her
mouth. It was impossible to argue with him… like always…

Itachi’s medical chakra compared to Tsunade’s was far warmer. Maybe she just got used to
him invading her body, but it didn’t feel that bad anymore. He was gentle yet thorough.
Ryoko felt calm and for a moment she forgot herself in the moment.

Until Itachi’s hands stopped dead in their tracks. Ryoko already knew why. “Itachi…” she
wanted to say something, but she was not sure what or even why.

“Are.you.out.of.your.mind???” he hissed. Ryoko has never seen Itachi this angry before. She
winced when he grabbed her by the wrist. “Do you have no common sense at all?!?!?!? How
could you go on a mission like that??? What if something happened?”

“I… didn’t know…” she winces avoiding to look into his eyes. Sure, Ryoko understood why
Itachi was so mad with her. He was deeply traumatized by his own loss, so naturally, he could
not bear to think about his sister having such a loss too… but! That was not an excuse to go
off like that on her! Ryoko frowned.

“She didn’t know! Hahaha!” his laugh was bitter and mean. Ryoko turned her head away
from the angry expression of her brother that judged her careless behavior. As if she didn’t
know already how big of a mistake she made. “You were lucky!” he growled as he leaned
closer, his hand tightened painfully, but Ryoko felt like he deserved all of it.

“That’s enough…” suddenly Kakashi was right there next to her. His hand gripped Itachi’s
wrist until her brother finally let go of Ryoko. With a scoff and a dramatic twirl of his white
coat, Itachi left. Only then Ryoko felt like she could breathe again. A shaky gasp left her lips.

“Home… let’s go home…” she said to the one person who would not judge her. Instinctively
her hands reach out to wrap around Kakashi’s waist.

Wordlessly he flickered both of them away. If the man was concerned, he hid it well. They
have been by each other's side for years. Looking after one other. Just keeping company in
the darkest off times. He would not ask questions, he would just be there for her just like
Ryoko would be there for Kakashi.

The only difference was, that today she had to tell him… she had to explain why Itachi was
so angry… Ryoko took a deep breath when the two of them finally appeared in the Hatake
compound. “Kakashi…” she whispered before the man started leading the way inside.

“Hn?” he responded softly.



“I’m pregnant.”

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Ryoko not having a great time, but Kakashi is there for her ^^




Art Reference



Chapter 73: Decisions
Chapter Notes

So, I am still alive? Ha! Finally fixed my sleeping schedule, so I hope my upload
schedule will be fixed with that too 😊

P.S. Some more of Ryoko & Kakashi wholesome content 💖💕😊💕




Art Reference

“I’m pregnant,” Ryoko wasn’t sure how Kakashi would react. Hell, she wasn’t sure how she
felt about it yet either. Although, the relief she felt after Tsunade’s diagnostics was very real.
Kakashi stopped in his tracks a few steps ahead of her.

“I know…” he said, slowly turning around.



That Ryoko did not expect. Yes, she was aware of how good her husband was at knowing
things he shouldn't, but this was too much even for Kakashi. Ryoko blinked, mildly surprised
and impressed. “... how?”

“The moment I was close enough to your hospital room… I could smell it on you,” as
Kakashi spoke, his lone eye bore deep into her. He stopped just inches away. His aura was
threatening and incredibly arousing for Ryoko, so she just stared back at him in awe. That
broad puffed out chest... That determination in his eye... And all of that was hers. “I don’t
care if it is your brother or anyone else, but even if it is him if he ever dares to raise his voice
at you or grab you like that again, I will not hesitate to punch him.”

“Kakashi,” she almost gasped. Ryoko was touched. In most circumstances, such a statement
could be considered insulting to her level of skill and ability to defend herself. But Kakashi
already knew that about her, so for him to still declare it so boldly… Ryoko smirked and
wrapped her arms around his neck. “Ahh… you’re acting rather enticing right now,” she
whispered.

His strong and warm hands wrapped around her waist tightly. “Let’s go inside. I made dinner
for you,” he said after pulling away. And that was that.

The two of them settled by the table and ate in silence. Until Ryoko decided to ask something
that was bothering her. “You’re acting… interestingly, Kakashi. I thought this news would
bring a different kind of reaction from you,” she watched him closely. The man didn’t flinch
or stiffen. He only carefully placed his chopsticks down and took a deep breath.

“I… I know that you know how I feel about it. This is not something we planned or talked
about… So, I just… I will wait until you decide if you want to keep the…” it seemed like
Kakashi couldn’t force himself to say the word ‘baby’. As if saying it out loud would be
significant and irreversible.

Ryoko guessed that he didn’t want to think of this new life growing in her as something real
in case she doesn’t want to have it… She appreciated his thoughtfulness. “I see…”

“And… it is probably my fault, to begin with… I didn’t warn you about the Hatake thing…
so I understand…”

“Hn. In that case, I will let you know what I decide. I need… time to sort my thoughts,”
Ryoko hummed and continued with her meal.

It was in the middle of the night when everything caught up to Ryoko and she awoke feeling
Kakashi’s fingers brushing her hair in soothing motions. “It’s okay… It’s okay…” he kept
whispering to her. She felt something hot and wet on her cheeks and neck.

With a shaky hand, she brushed her skin. “Am I… crying?” indeed it felt like tears were
streaming down her cheeks and Ryoko had absolutely no control over it. She was shocked.
There were only a few times she cried and at the moment, she couldn’t pinpoint the reason
for it.

“Hmmm,” Kakashi confirmed with a deep rumbling noise that vibrated along his broad chest.



Then she remembered. The image that she so carefully blocked until Ryoko was back in the
safety of Konoha walls. In one place where her personal barriers were lowered - by Kakashi’s
side. She laughed and hiccuped at the same time. “Why do I always cry in front of you?”

He didn’t respond. No snarky comments. No sarcasm. No jokes. He just pressed her closer to
his chest. And Ryoko let herself cry. Her heart hurt as if it was actually stabbed by the bounty
hunter's strings.

After a while, when she calmed down a bit, Kakashi brought her a glass of water and they
were sitting together on their bed, watching the dark sky through their window. “Do you…
want to talk about it?” he asked.

No. Ryoko didn’t. They never talked before when either of them had such breakdowns after a
mission. But that was then. Now they were more than just emotional support buddies. No
matter how much she despised talking about it, no matter how much she hated to be so
affected by it, the truth was that she was affected by the death of her teammate. There was no
running away from it. Feeling like her former father would not approve of bottling such a
thing inside her mind, Ryoko took a deep breath.

“I was careless… and arrogant… and now he’s dead. I lost one of mine. The one I was proud
of. The one I liked the most. Because of me his heart was taken and used against us…”

Lynx. Her very first subordinate. Her kohai. Ryoko felt guilty. She felt ashamed of herself.
The image of his lifeless body with a hole in his chest stood clear as day in her mind. It was
imprinted deep even without the help of sharingan.

Kakashi didn't say anything. He didn't have to. The man had losses of his own. He knew
exactly how she felt so he knew that Ryoko didn't need pity or empty words. What she
needed was... The woman glanced at the doorway where her husband's clone just entered. "I
love you," Ryoko stated as she accepted a bowl of fried chicken bits with golden panko crust.
The clone poofed away, while the real Kakashi snickered next to her with a smug tilt of his
lips.

━━━━━━━━━━

A month passed and Ryoko had yet to make her decision. Kakashi, bless his heart, didn’t say
a single word of complaint. The only noticeable difference she spotted in his behavior, was
his sudden involvement in clan politics. One day during dinner he announced about
participating in clan meetings as the head of the Hatake clan again. His decision was
unexpected. Ryoko had a suspicion that it might be related to her quarrel with Itachi and her
current state in general. He denied it. She didn’t question it further.

Honestly, Ryoko enjoyed seeing Kakashi take his clan and family seriously for once. It was a
very Uchiha-like thing to do, so she didn’t question him, accepting his decision and that was
that. Until another mission came into Ryoko’s orbit.

Minato’s face turned to stone as he read the message from Kiri. It looked serious. She waited
in anticipation to hear what the news will entail for her. Thankfully, Itachi didn’t disclose her
condition to anyone, even mother, and for that Ryoko was grateful.



“Ryoko, I’ll need you to go to Kiri,” he finally announced in a gravelly voice that poorly
concealed the man’s inner turmoil.

“Yes, Hokage-sama,” she responded without hesitation as she took the scroll extended to her.
It took Ryoko a few seconds to read what was written in it. Ho… this will be interesting… she
didn’t hide her malicious smirk.

Kakashi was less excited to hear about her trip to Kirigakure. She could only say that at least
it was not Iwagakure. The only thing going for the Village Hidden in the Mist was their seven
swordsmen. Many considered their Fourth Mizukage to be too soft. Ryoko decided to make
her own conclusions after meeting the man.

The next day after receiving the message, Ryoko was off with a team towards the Water
Country. It was a rather straightforward escort mission. Nothing too complicated by all
means. Nothing she hasn’t done before. Back in her chunin days, this was an often
occurrence. So why would a Hokage send a shinobi of her caliber to just escort someone
back to Konoha?

“Biwako Sarutobi, we have her,” Yagura said calmly to the Konoha nin gathered in his office.
His eyes glimmered with curiosity as he stared right at Ryoko. “I assume Minato-san has
agreed to our terms?”

“Yes, you are correct, Mizukage-sama,” Ryoko responded as the leader of their group and
presented the man with a scroll from their leader.

Yagura leisurely broke the kage level seal and read the message from Minato to himself.
Ryoko already knew what was inside of it. It was a first step in making an alliance between
the two hidden villages. Honestly, she was slightly surprised that Kiri shinobi didn’t hold a
grudge against Biwako, since because of her they lost their three-tailed beast. Yet, that might
be enough of a price to pay to avoid retaliation from the enraged Yellow Flash of Konoha. An
enraged father tobe is worse than a tailed beast.

“Very well,” the man finally said. So far he has been very formal, but Ryoko didn’t allow
herself to relax just yet. Constant vigilance was something she painfully learned from her last
mission. “She is held in our North security building. Zabuza, here, will take you there.”

“Thank you, Mizukage-sama,” she inclined her head respectfully and glanced at the man
standing on the leader's right-hand side. He had one of the legendary swords on his back. He
grumbled something along the lines of ‘follow me’ and left without further adieu.

They walked in silence and Ryoko was completely fine with it. Some would probably think
that she herself had the biggest urge to bestow Biwako with her revenge, but just like with
Danzo, Ryoko couldn’t care less. The old hag tried and lost. Ryoko was the one to survive
and prevail. She found no reason to spend her energy on such trivial things as revenge on the
likes of her.

Finally, they approached the dark building that emerged from the mist. It had no windows
and only a single door guarded by another Kiri shinobi. He was tall and bulky and… blue?



And were those gills above his cheeks? Huh… Sensei would love to take a look at this
specimen… Ryoko thought to herself as their group stopped in front of the jail warden.

“Hoooo! What do we have here? Did some of the little leaves got lost in the wind?” the man
smirked, showing off his sharp teeth.

“They came to pick up the old woman, Hoshigaki,” their guide grumbled.

The blue giant took another glance at them and smirked wider. “Hmm. You know, I am really
not a fan of Konoha. Once got cornered by a nasty bunch, had to kill a lot of people,” the
man hummed. “Why don’t you sweeten the deal, girly. If you don’t, I might just sell that
woman to Iwa instead.”

Ryoko raised an eyebrow at this bold statement. “You’re blackmailing me,” she said dryly,
not at all amused. It might also be her unstable hormones, but Ryoko found herself losing
patience at a rapid pace.

“It’s just business, white chocolate,” he winked. Zabuza said nothing and it didn’t look like
he planned to intervene at all. So Ryoko stepped closer to the man far taller than her. She
looked fiercely straight into his eyes.

“Well, I will not be blackmailed by some ineffectual, privileged, effete, soft-penis'd,
debutante. You want to start a street fight with me, bring it on but you will be surprised by
how ugly it gets,” she practically spat at him yet not a single thread of killing intent or
misplaced chakra appeared. Despite her tone, Ryoko was in full control of her emotions. “As
a matter of fact, you don't even know my name. I might as well be a fucking lizard queen!”

The man's eyes slightly widened. He looked amused, while her team tensed. “Ohh! Feisty! I
like it, your highness,” he did a mock bow but stepped aside. Ryoko had an urge to flip her
hair as she passed him. She didn’t. After all, this was about dominance. Konoha could not
look weak or intimidated in a place like Kirigakure. They would eat the weak ones alive.

As they walked away, Ryoko caught the blue man snickering to himself. “Maaaan, no one
ever implied I have a soft penis before. HAhaHAhah!”

Ryoko was already focusing on the next part of their mission. She didn’t waste time and
placed Biwako under a genjutsu. She was not about to travel at snail's pace because the old
woman dragged them down either unintentionally or on purpose. She will not fail this
mission.

And she didn’t fail. They ran back to Konoha without a break. They left no room for
interceptions or errors. Only when Biwako was safely handed to T&I did Ryoko finally relax.
All in all, their trip took only three days. They reported back to Hokage each and every detail
of intel gathered about Kirigakure and their leader. Ryoko felt like she was finally back on
track even in her condition…

“Ahh, Ryoko, can you stay for a bit?” Minato smiled when they finished talking. Other team
members took their leave and even ANBU were excused for them to have a private
conversation.



Something was odd about the nervous way Minato brushed a hand along his blond hair. “Yes,
Hokage-sama?”

“Well… You see… I just got… ah, how should I put it… well, it seems that you will be
grounded to the village starting today…” he looked apologetic as he said it.

Ryoko blinked. “Why?” her voice was void of emotion, but her eyes sparked with murderous
flames.

“Well… Itachi-san as the head medic for our jonin ranks has deemed you as not physically fit
to take missions outside the village for the time being… He actually sounded pretty
concerned that you left for Kiri… Ryoko, is there something going on?” and Minato really
sounded like he cared about her wellbeing, but Ryoko didn’t really listen to him anymore. To
think that her own brother would backstab her like that! It was unforgivable.

Her hands clenched into fists trembled. “Nothing you should be concerned about, Hokage-
sama. It will be resolved by the end of the year,” her own voice sounded distant to Ryoko.
And it was so easy to admit that, yes, she has decided to go along with her pregnancy, but it
was also so irrelevant now.

It took Ryoko a while to come to this conclusion. Mainly, being away from Konoha helped
her to think and see that she wanted to have this child. Better do it now, than later, as Minato
will keep his post for some time. Yes, it was a logical conclusion. What did not make sense,
is for her to be chained down like some fragile glass doll that would break outside the Fire
Country.

“OH! Well, good good,” Minato sounded still on edge. Clearly, he was on guard about
possibly receiving the brunt of her wrath. A smart man indeed. “You are free to take a few
days rest then.”

She left without a word. Ryoko needed to see Kakashi. Now. Or she might just burn down
something… He greeted her in the Hatake compound with a warm smile and a tight embrace.

“So glad you are back,” he whispered into her ear.

“Kakashi… I have decided… Let’s have this child…” she said straight instead of a greeting.

His visible eye widened in shock. “Really? Are you sure about it?”

“Yes. It is only logical to do so now, while Minato is still in good shape as our Hokage.”

“Ahh, I see,” and the man sounded relieved and happy. His hands tightened slightly around
her waist. His touch was grounding her. “So then… why do you seem so upset?” he carefully
asked. The man didn’t have to reveal his sharingan to see right through her. He did know her
better than anyone.

“My dear brother has decided to ban me from outside missions,” she hissed out, angry sparks
dancing at her fingertips.



“Ahh…” Kakashi was probably of the same opinion as Itachi, but at least she trusted him to
know better than go behind her back and do something like that.

“Kakashi. Can you ban Itachi’s signature from being allowed into our home?”

He paused. The lone gray eye looked deep into her onyx black. “Are you sure about this?”

“Yes. He stepped over a line. I will not forgive that.”

“I understand,” Kakashi sighed and complied. He actually showed her directly how to change
the protective seals that enclosed their compound. “Ryoko… how do you usually resolve
fights with your brother?” he asked later that night without any bad intentions, only curiosity
and maybe to know what to expect in the future.

Ryoko shrugged. “I wouldn’t know. This is the first time we had a disagreement.”

This was an odd realization even for Ryoko. Up until now, the two of the Uchiha siblings
always were on the same side. Ryoko wasn’t sure what would happen next. She only knew
one thing - that she didn’t want to see Itachi’s face anytime soon.

━━━━━━━━━━

By July the news of Ryoko’s situation was already known by the majority of the village.
Ryoko suspected that Kakashi wasn’t shy to brag about it, but she didn’t mind. Her mother
was ecstatic. Her father was more collected in his emotions yet still showed a warm smile as
her parents stopped by to give their congratulations. Sasuke looked determined in his silent
observing manner, while little Tendou tried to figure out why everyone was so excited around
him.

Nobody spoke about the rift between Itachi and Ryoko.

Except for her dear sensei, who had no issues at all to poke the dragon, that was Ryoko. He
raised one of his perfectly manicured eyebrows. “Since when are you so stubborn?” he asked
one day when Ryoko visited.

Ryoko gave the man a dry stare. Seriously? Did he have to ask? “Sensei, you know me better
than that. I am as stubborn as they get.”

The man chuckled. “Perhaps. But not as stubborn as my idiotic teammates…” he whispered
more to himself the end of his sentence. Ryoko was about to ask when loud chatter
announced the children's return from the academy.

“Nee-chan!” Ryoko turned in time to see her adorable little brother enter the room together
with his friends. Sasuke ran up to her to give the woman a hug that she reciprocated with an
honest smile. At least one brother wasn’t a traitor, she thought to herself as she poked
Sasuke’s forehead. Meanwhile, Orochimaru embraced Sai.

The trio of troublemakers this time were not alone. Ryoko recognized besides Naruto a young
Nara heir with his ever-present Akimichi counterpart, and was there a pair of Hyuga trailing



behind like lost puppies? The one whose presence in Orochimaru's home with other kids
surprised her the most was the Aburame heir.

Ryoko watched from the sidelines as the kids greeted her sensei showing a level of
familiarity that would indicate this as a usual occurrence. Perhaps, the big bad snake finally
succumbed to the softness she knew he possessed all along. Ryoko decided to stay a bit
longer. It was nice to spend some time with Sasuke and check how his studies were going.

“Oji-san! Who is the strongest ninja you ever fought against???” Naruto practically yelled out
his question, while her sensei served tea to everyone.

Orochimaru hummed as he entertained the question and seriously considered the answer. “I
remember favorrrrable and unfavorable opponentssss in a fight, but whether someone is
strongerrrr or weaker than you issss something you can tell only after you’ve fought them.”

“So?” Naruto was on the edge of his seat waiting to hear a name. Ryoko guessed that young
Namikaze wanted to set another goal for himself. The boy had issues.

Orochimaru only smirked but didn’t say anything. He was being coy as per usual. Ryoko
thought of only a select few who could rival her sensei. Before Naruto could protest little
Aburame boy interjected with his own question about poisons. It was nostalgic for Ryoko to
watch the kids act like this. Reminded her of her own genin days with Orochimaru. Maybe
the next generation of Konoha shinobi is not that stupid if they decided to seek guidance
from the Snake sannin. Will this be her one day? With her own children? children... as in
plural? since when did I considered having more... Ryoko's thought process surprised herself.

After an hour Cherry returned with Shin just in time to see Orochimaru teaching kids some
questionable jutsu, that Ryoko didn’t care to recognize. “Cherry-san, welcome back,” she
greeted the pair with a polite nod. She respected Cherry. Shin was also okay. At least he was
quite and polite for the most time.

“Aww, sweety, how are you feeling?” the pink-haired man pointedly glanced at her stomach.

“Hungry,” Ryoko said in response. She was slightly annoyed by the fussy behavior of people
around her. They all acted as if she was doing something unique. Million of women get
pregnant, so Ryoko didn’t feel special or exceptional to deserve such an attitude from others.

Cherry snickered as he covered his mouth with a fan. “Never change, honey. Let me make
you something. I bet the kids will soon get hungry too,” the man looked over the little ones
with eyes full of contentment.

“What the fuck? Is this a kindergarten or something?” Tsunade bellowed as she made her
loud entrance earning an instant scowl from Orochimaru.

“Language!” he chastised.

Seriously?... will I have to watch my language around my… child? Ryoko contemplated
while the adults argued and kids made their own greetings. Honestly, she was probably the



sanest person here judging by the absurd declarations and whatnot. Especially between
Naruto and… everyone.

“I still cannot believe that this is who Orochi-teme is now!” Jiraiya whispered to her when
people finally settled down around a table. He apparently trailed after Tsunade, while she
hoped to get some solace in Orochimarus home.

Why is he talking to me? Ryoko was suspicious. She was never a fan of the toad pervert.
Their journies simply never interlaced, so why did he act like they were some friends all of a
sudden? “Hn,” she said in the end.

“Well actually…” the man fidgeted next to her.

Here it comes… spill it out, old man!... she urged him in her head.

“I wanted to thank you, Ryoko-san. I think your influence helped him to come out of his
shell… and feel things...” Jiraiya sounded sincere. It was only natural to give credit where
credit is due. Ryoko nodded accepting the thanks. Yes, her manipulations had an odd side
effect on Orochimaru in the end. As long as the snake continued to be an asset to her, she
wouldn’t mind it. Besides, her eyes glanced at the happy smile on Sasuke’s face, her brother
really adored her sensei too. That alone made everything worth it.

“You know, Jiraiya-san, it is very obvious what you actually mean by that statement,” she
casually whispered so that only he would hear her.

“Huh? And what is that?” he blinked owlishly.

Ryoko didn’t say anything, but her eyes demonstratively landed on Tsunade that was
currently making a bet with Naruto. He could think about this what he wants. Ryoko’s only
goal was to plant an idea. That was as much as she was willing to meddle all in hopes to
cheer up Orochimaru with the outcome. The snake did say that his teammates were too
stubborn… Ryoko wanted the title all for herself, at least that is how she justified her actions.

━━━━━━━━━━

“They will be here soon,” Kakashi engulfed Ryoko in his warm embrace and she relaxed in
his hands like clay that was just warmed up. They fit together perfectly. Ever since she told
him about the pregnancy, or to be more precise, he found out on his own, Kakashi showed
her nothing but complete support. He was perfect. Exactly what Ryoko needed him to be.

“Thank you…” she whispered to his chest.

“Hn?” meaning ‘oh, I thank you for your thanks, but why are they shared by you at this
moment in time?’.

“Thank you for supporting my decision about… Itachi. For being on my side…”

Today her family was coming over for dinner. Everyone except Itachi. It felt like she hasn’t
seen him for ages. But it has only been a month… Her heart aked, but her mind was stronger
and it burned with cold white anger at his insulting behavior. At least her parents didn’t



interfere. They acted as if nothing was amiss. Only mother’s sad glances betrayed her true
feelings.

Kakashi pressed Ryoko closer to his chest and nothing else mattered.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter 74: Fatherhood
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Kakashi felt like he was living in an alternative universe. More than once a day he had to stop
and think to himself - yes, this is real and yes, this is really happening to him. He never
imagined one day willingly going to the clan gatherings. But here he was - in a traditional
robe, in a secret room deep in the mountain, sitting around the table with other clan heads. He
never imagined returning to a home that was not empty. But here he was - saying ‘I’m home’
and getting a reply back.

What even was this dream he was trapped in. The man didn’t know and was too afraid to
question it further. Kakashi was just so fucking thankful.

He looked at Ryoko with his eyes full of unadulterated adoration, love that had no bounds,
care that knew no reason. She was everything and she was his. Everything he did was for her.
Kakashi quickly decided to switch his career after their marriage. With Ryoko, he actually
wanted to make something of the dwindling Hatake name. He was always proud of it. And
maybe something about hearing Tenzo refer to Ryoko as ‘Lady Hatake’ did things that
Kakashi could not even describe.

Being part of the clan council again opened doors for Kakashi to make sure his beloved
would reach her own goal. Also, it was a good way of keeping in good graces of Uchiha and
Nara, which kept him surprisingly accountable to all things concerning Ryoko. The support
from the shadows his wife had was rather scary at times.

And then his world tilted even further into madness. The wild animal in him wanted to hit
Itachi for daring to touch his mate. Kakashi almost lost control as he smelled the new life on
Ryoko. Only decades of shinobi training allowed him to stay strong. He had to be strong. For
Ryoko. Everything for her. She was hurt more than physically after her last mission and he
could not allow himself to be a burden to her at this time.

No. Kakashi took a deep breath and did what he does best - took care of his person. He
focused on the task at hand and tried not to think of the alternative Ryoko could choose.
Kami. He wanted to be a father! And isn’t that a thought he never imagined to have? Yet,
now, Kakashi could not think of anything better than seeing Ryoko’s belly get bigger until
eventually, his child would see the light of day.

Once again she made his dream come true. A simple ‘Let’s have this child’ almost made his
heart stop before it jump-started back up. This is it. A family was now a very real concept in
Kakashi’s life. That day he felt dazed, like a man drunk of disbelief.

“KA-Kashi! MY ETERNAL RIVAL! You look distracted today,” Gai appeared by his side,
while the masked man made his walk towards the market. Kakashi was so out of it that he
didn’t even try to hide from his best friend.



“Gai,” the copy nin made an automatic greeting, that only created more concerns for his
green-clad companion.

“Kakashi, are you okay?”

“I… I am… perfect,” the simple words were paired with the most honest smile that Gai has
ever seen on Kakashi’s face. Even his eyes twinkled in an odd way that felt so out of place on
the masked shinobi’s usually impenetrable poker face.

Gai tilted his head to the side like a confused puppy. His bushy eyebrows furrowed in
contemplation. “Did something good happen?” he chanced a question, while his friend was
still in a talkative mood.

“Hn. Ryoko… she’s expecting,” again, a smile was very clear in Kakashi’s features.

Gai gasped! And then smiled! And then hugged Kakashi with all his might! And genjutsu
birds chirped in the background. And a rainbow bloomed just above Gai’s head.
“CONGRATULATIONS, my most youthful rival!”

And for the first time, Kakashi hugged his friend back.

He was so happy.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Maaaan. Gai’s genjutsu is getting out of control! I swear I saw him conjure a smiling
Kakashi that hugged him!” random shinobi #1.

“Crazy…” random shinobi #2.

“Yeah, no kidding!” random shinobi #3.

━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi stepped outside to greet his in-laws. Despite Ryoko and Itachi's situation, Mikoto-
sama looked at least happy with him. She smiled politely as he greeted her with a respectful
bow. Kakashi was thankful to her. Lady Uchiha was looking after him in more ways than one
for a long time now.

Without exchanging many words besides a greeting, she entered, little Tendou in her arms.
Fugaku was close behind. Calm and collected, the unchanging expression on his face, like
those faces carved in stone. The older man nodded at him. Polite acceptance. Kakashi
couldn’t ask for anything more.

Sasuke was next to his father. Mimicking his mannerisms. That only resulted in Kakashi
having a hard time suppressing a smirk. Little brat idolized Fugaku and that was not a secret.
The copy nin glanced back at Fugaku. Their eyes met. For a single second, they held each
other's gaze. Then Ryoko’s father glanced back over his shoulder, back at Kakashi, and
moved on inside the house.



Kakashi got the message. It was as loud and clear as an Uchiha could ever make it. Honestly,
Fugaku didn’t even have to do anything. Kakashi felt and smelled exactly who was standing
behind the barrier of the Hatake compound. Slowly he walked to the gates and stopped in
front of the lone figure.

“Itachi,” he nodded at the man in front of him.

“Kakashi,” the Uchiha clan head said in greeting. His voice was devoid of emotion, but his
face was marked with stress wrinkles that even Itachi could not hide. They looked at each
other for a long while without speaking. There was too much and yet nothing Kakashi had to
say to him.

“If… Ryoko doesn’t stop by the hospital, I will send Kabuto to check on her directly,” finally
Itachi declared.

Kakashi sighed. He was in a hard place. Just yesterday he tried to gently give the very same
idea to Ryoko. She declined. The stubborn woman. Kakashi sighed again. “She will not
come,” he admitted. The man noticed how Itachi’s eyes slightly narrowed. There was a
shadow of deep emotions that only a person like Kakashi, who spends enough time with the
Uchiha kind, could notice. There was irritation, anger, sadness, hurt, worry.

“Hn,” Itachi nodded with reluctance. “Then I will send Kabuto to make a home visit.”

There was a heavy pause that settled between the two men. They were never the closest of
friends. But they had mutual respect for one other. They were in a sense a family now.
Kakashi was placed in a rather awkward position, but…

“I will always be on her side,” he said, looking Itachi in the eyes. Conviction clear not only in
his tone but in his gaze and the hum of chakra all around Kakashi. It was not an apology, but
a promise.

“Thank you,” Itachi whispered and walked away.

Kakashi wasn’t looking forward to telling Ryoko about Kabuto’s approaching visit. She will
not be happy. But this would be a compromise, at least to give him some peace of mind.
Kakashi was happy and he trusted Ryoko, but he was also paranoid. He could not ignore what
happened to Itachi and Izumi. He also could not forget about the danger Ryoko was in just a
few months ago on her mission…

The man wanted just a little bit of reassurance, that his child is okay.

Kami… I will be a father… I will have a child! he thought to himself for the millionth time.
Kakashi looked at the sky and took a deep breath to center himself before going back inside.
Might as well use this opportunity to learn something by handling Tendou. Mikoto was not
subtle in the way she always forced the child on him. Kakashi silently thanked her efforts.

━━━━━━━━━━



In early August a new life blossomed in the Village Hidden in the Leaves. It was just on the
brink of dawn when Izumi went into labor and was rushed to the Konoha hospital. Itachi tried
to cope. He didn’t dare to be the one to deliver the baby. He was still scared of making a
mistake like the last time…

So here he was, nervously fidgeting in the corridor of the hospital. Well, for Itachi that meant
standing completely still, eyes wide and sharp, only his fingers twitching barely visibly.
Fugaku gave him a glare.

“Son, relax. Your tension is contagious,” the older man grumbled. He was here for Itachi,
while mother was by Izumi’s side. Itachi took a long shaky breath and forced his own
muscles to relax. “Pace or something, like a normal person…” Fugaku added under his
breath.

“Thank you, father,” the young man said. He was truly grateful for the support. Even if there
was a gaping hole where his dear sister should be. So many mistakes… he thought bitterly,
but shortly a hand on his shoulder brought Itachi back to reality. He looked up to the stern
face of his father.

“Hn,” meaning ‘I love you, son. You are strong and I support you. Do not doubt yourself,
because I never doubted you before. Everything will be fine. You will be fine. Izumi will be
fine. Your child will be fine. Family will always be there for you, Itachi. Even if it doesn’t
feel like that now. Trust me.’

“Hn,” Itachi nodded, more sure of himself for the first time in days.

When he was finally allowed entry, Itachi could walk straight again, with confidence and
determination. He stepped closer to the bed where Izumi rested with… “Twins!” she smiled
happily at him, despite the sweat on her forehead and black circles around her eyes.

Surprise flickered in his eyes only for a second, before a bright smile graced his features.
Itachi watched over his wife and children with red eyes, imprinting this perfect moment deep
into his mind. Itachi’s parents left the young couple alone after giving their congratulations.
Now the man could breathe a sigh of relief.

“I am alright, Itachi. We all are,” Izumi whispered in her attempt of reassurance.

“I know,” he replied, one hand carefully brushing Izumi’s hair. Two bundles in her arms were
rather subdued. Both boys. Both with black eyes. They looked precious. Itachi’s heart
fluttered with joy looking at his children. Kami, he didn’t imagine that he could ever feel like
this… The last time he felt this kind of connection was…

Itachi’s gaze withered. This was a bittersweet day for him. Despite the joyous occasion, there
was one crucial person missing. And it fucking hurt. Izumi understood him without any
words exchanged between them, so she didn’t comment on his sudden mood change.

As the man tried to distract himself, he spotted a book on the bedside table. He picked it up
and was surprised to find inside a story with illustrations. The art reminded him of the style



Sai favored. But the story… it was about one of Madara’s conquests. Itachi knew it by heart
after how many times he read it to Ryoko when she was a child…

“It was a gift…” Izumi whispered after spotting him with the book.

“Hn. From who?” he said with a perfect lack of emotions in his tone.

“Ryoko-sama… she was here with Mikoto-sama…”

Itachi’s hand clamped on the book in his grasp. He swallowed thickly. “She… was here?” he
croaked out, his control nowhere to be seen now. Right, Ryoko was only mad at him, not
Izumi…

“Yes… She congratulated us…”

“I see,” was all that he mustered in response. Then one of the twins made a noise and his
attention took this chance to focus somewhere else instead of obsessing over Ryoko and the
absence of her.

━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi was sitting together with Obito in a bar when he noticed Rin in the opposite corner
of the room very publically engaging in a show of affection with another shinobi. He turned
away as it was none of his business what his former teammate decided to do. Obito clearly
was of a different mindset.

“Gosh, must they do that in public?” he scoffed. “I am getting very embarrassed to be known
as someone Rin was on the same genin team with.”

Kakashi didn’t respond although he felt the same. Over the last half a year or so the girl he
knew as Rin changed to someone he could not recognize. She was now known as that girl
who gets around. Honestly, he couldn’t judge her. If that's what she wanted, good for her. She
wasn’t the first shinobi to indulge in sexual escapades. What concerned him more, was her
lack of stealth about it. As if Rin wanted everyone to know…

“Hn. But it’s not like we can tell her anything. Rin is a medic, she knows better than anyone
about shinobi coping mechanisms,” Kakashi whispered. It was true, Rin like many others had
her fair share of troubles to deal with. Being a jinchuriki being one of the bigger ones.

Obito scoffed. “Oh please. Do you really think she is acting that way because of something
like that? Well, then I will have to disappoint you. Rin is very clearly and very childishly
reacting to your relationship with Ryoko-chan.”

Kakashi cringed at his own words, but they left his mouth before he could stop himself. “But
she has been through a lot…”

“A lot of dick,” Obito deadpanned unapologetically. “Kakashi, you out of all people should
stop defending her. Rin needs to grow up and get over you in a healthy way.”



“Obito!” he hissed at his friend, although didn’t object that the harsh statement “If this is
what Rin wants to do, we are not the ones to judge her just because our life choices are
different.”

Kakashi went home not long after their discussion. Mostly because the girl had the audacity
to attempt flirting with him. That, Kakashi did not want to deal with or discuss. Obito’s
eloquent stare was enough. Besides, he missed Ryoko.

“I’m home,” the man announced as it became a habit once more and surprisingly easily
considering how many years Kakashi was alone.

“Welcome back,” he heard Ryoko’s voice from inside and that sound alone made his heart
thrill with pleasure. The man tried very hard to be reasonable and not too paranoid. He
logically knew that Ryoko could take care of herself and that nothing could happen to her in
Konoha. Yet every day he worried. Every day he was relieved when nothing actually
happened.

“What’s up, boss?” Pakkun greeted his master. Fine, maybe Kakashi couldn’t control his
paranoia fully and appointed his ninken to be with Ryoko when he wasn’t there…

“Same old, same old… You can go now, Pakkun,” Kakashi said softly. His nose picked up a
sweet smell of warm food and Ryoko. He smiled. That’s his woman. Unmistakably.

Yet Kakashi was still surprised when he entered the kitchen and found Ryoko cooking. The
man blinked a few times before he dared to approach her. Hand carefully hugged her from
behind until his palms rested on her belly bump. “Hey…” he whispered with a soft kiss on
Ryoko's neck.

She didn’t look distracted or bothered as her skilled hands handled the knife without pause.
“Hn.”

“Mmm… I didn’t know you cook…”

Ryoko scoffed. “I can do anything I put my mind to. I choose not to cook. That does not
mean I don’t know how.”

Kakashi wasn’t bothered. More amused and surprised. He actually liked making meals for his
mate. “I see. What changed today?” he asked curiously.

“Hn… I wanted something unusual…”

Her answer was cryptic, but soon enough Kakashi understood exactly what she meant. The
food Ryoko prepared was delicious, of course, but it was not something he had ever tried
before. Especially the desert. Gentle flavor cream with a hard surface of melted sugar. It
was… delicious yet completely new.

Ryoko practically purred with pleasure as she ate her treat. “What is the name of this?”
Kakashi asked. His wife shrugged.



“No idea. I just baked some cream and put sugar on top of it to make it sweeter,” Ryoko said
nonchalantly. Of course, she had to be a genius prodigy even here. Was there anything she
couldn’t do?

After they were full, the pair lounged together in a tatami room. Ryoko was reading a book,
while Kakashi just adored her body. He could not get enough of her. Ever. Rin never once
appeared in his mind after he last saw the woman in the bar. Nothing else existed but Ryoko
and his future child.

━━━━━━━━━━

December brought cold and snow into their village. There was a soft sheen of white covering
the tiled rooftops. The setting sun colored the sky in a deep shade of red. It was also the time
for his child to take his first breath.

“Ryoko, please.”

“No. I am not going there!”

“Please, kitten. You need to go to the hospital,” Kakashi pleaded as he pushed the sense of
panic aside. Just thirty minutes ago her water broke. The woman stubbornly ignored Itachi
still so the hospital was not a place she willingly would step foot in.

“The Hatake Temple,” Ryoko said after a slow breath released from her lips, clearly she was
feeling the contractions Kakashi read about. You couldn’t really tell by her impassive face.
There were no signs of any discomfort there, except for the long time she took before
responding to him.

Kakashi sighed. By the look in Ryoko’s eyes, it was pointless to argue. He didn’t want to
upset her either. So like a properly whipped husband, he gave up to her will. What Kakashi
could do, was send a clone to fetch Kabuto and Mikoto-sama.

Just in a short walk, the two reached the one and only temple in the Hatake compound. And a
few minutes later Kabuto joined them. By now Ryoko was slowly pacing in the inner garden
of the temple. Her cheeks were flushed, she was breathing deeply. Kakashi didn’t know what
else to do. The man felt helpless as he stood there able only to watch.

“Ryoko-hime, you really should be in the hospital,” Kabuto said exasperated. He was rather
over the feud between the Uchiha siblings. Yet, he could not turn away when Kakashi asked
for his assistance. Or maybe it was Itachi who ordered Kabuto to watch over his sister... who
could tell?

“Women have been doing this for ages without hospitals. Gravity will do the work for me. So
close your mouth or stay right here and out of my sights,” she said in a blood-chilling tone.
Even Kakashi felt shivers go down his spine from her voice. Now he understood why
Fugaku-sama and basically every other male he knew waited outside during their children's
births.



Ryoko didn’t wait for Kabuto to give her a response, she simply turned away, her hair
swishing back in a threatening manner. Her pace was determined as she went inside. Kabuto
exhaled and followed. Kakashi took over the task of pacing in the garden. His hands slightly
shook.

When Mikoto-sama arrived, she didn’t pay him any mind and went inside without a second
glance. Kami, why did he trust Ryoko so much??? Kakashi knew that he would feel much
better with Ryoko in the hospital properly looked after… He knew that this was crazy… the
last time he witnessed a birth done outside the hospital, a Kyuubi attack happened…

Quickly the man shook his head to shoo away the disturbing memory. After another minute
of thoughts escaping the iron-clad hold of his self-control, Kakashi finally gave in and
summoned his pack. Even a gesture as simple as stroking the dog's soft fur grounded Kakashi
enough so that he could breathe properly again.

Panic slowly subsided.

He looked up at the sky. Red mixed with dark blue. First stars twinkled above him. Kakashi's
dogs were cuddled around him. Calm. The man felt marginally calm. That of course did not
last as he heard steps coming his way. It was Kabuto. Damn four-eyes had a mean poker face.
He didn't smile or look concerned. Simply nodded his head indicating that Kakashi could
now come inside.

All breath was taken out of Kakashi's lungs when he finally stepped inside the dark room
illuminated only by shaky lantern light. Ryoko's red eyes caught his attention and
instinctively, he too uncovered his gifted Sharingan. There in her arms was a squirming baby.
His baby. The first thing he noticed was the small patch of grey hair. It was really his... his
flesh and blood...

"You can come closer you know, Bakashi," Ryoko smirked at him. It was her voice that took
the man out of his stupor. And so he came close. Ryoko looked far more relaxed now and the
baby... it was absolutely precious. Dark eyes like the nights' sky above them bore into his
face. "It's a boy..." Ryoko whispered.

"You can hold him now, Kakashi," someone behind him said. He absentmindedly recognized
the voice as the one belonging to Mikoto-sama. Right. He could actually... hold... his... son...
After taking a quick breath Kakashi took the baby in his arms.

"Hi..." Kakashi said to the little thing, his voice full of wonder. Then he smiled at his son.
Kakashi has officially become a father.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

I promise I will reduce the time I spend procrastinating!... one day :D



For now, happy Valentine's day and here is some more of Ryoko & Kakashi wholesome
content 💖💕😊💕




Art Reference



Chapter 75: Bonds
Chapter Notes

Sooooo. The war started, huh? I am not Ukrainian, nor do I live in Ukraine, but there is
a state of emergency announced in my country as we are close enough 🤔 so that's fun
and I wasn't feeling up to writing much, mostly read fictions instead.

(I finally truly feel like one of those authors, that have the craziest apology for a late
chapter update xD nice to be in the club, cheers to everyone!)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Ryoko loved being a shinobi. Or to be more precise, she loved having a shinobi for a
husband. Kakashi all but tied her to the bed to rest after the long hours of her labor. He with a
help of shadow clones took over the care of their child. She didn’t protest. Kabuto also
instructed her to sleep and rest at least for a few days. Mother gave her a sympathetic look.

Ryoko missed mindless sleep.

The pain was nothing compared to the cursed fox. It was barely even a tingle she felt when
her son came into the world. It didn’t bother her even now. Just a mild annoyance in the
background. So she slept while she could.

The boy was tame just like her. He was… precious. When Ryoko looked at the tiny body she
could not stop the protective and warm feeling that simmered within her. The white stock of
hair made her smirk as the boy clearly resembled Kakashi.

Ryoko felt happy.

Speak of the devil. “He’s asleep,” Kakashi said joining her on the bed. The man pressed her
form to his chest and nuzzled into her neck.

“Hn,” she purred in response.

The two relished the comfortable silence around them. The new parents were content
together. “Are you sure about the name?” Kakashi whispered following his words with chaste
kisses along her jawline.

“Hn. We must follow Hatake clan traditions,” Ryoko said with a smirk. Honestly, she found it
rather amusing and took the challenge of coming up with an appropriate name.

“Ahh,” he sighed deeply yet it didn’t feel like Kakashi seriously protested against this odd
tradition. Maybe some part of him was even eager to do things Hatake style. Or maybe he



appreciated her leaning towards his clan instead of the Uchiha traditions. “As you wish,
kitten. Hatake Karu it is.”

━━━━━━━━━━

It took Ryoko a week to get back into shape so she could at least move like a normal person
again. Childbirth sucks… never again… she vowed to herself. But then her eyes drifted
towards the sleeping Karu and her gaze softened. The little boy was worth it.

“Are you two ready?” Kakashi asked when he appeared in the doorway, all dressed up in one
of the formal outfits with Hatake clan symbol proudly embroidered on his back.

“Hn,” Ryoko nodded. Her hands expertly wrapped the baby in a warm blanket and picked
him up. Their journey in the cold outside won’t be too long, but she was not in the mood to
risk it.

So far, after the birth, a few people already managed to visit her family with congratulations
and gifts. One of the first few were Karu’s godparents. Kakashi easily gave this honor to his
sensei Minato and Kushina, who was more like a mother to him. Ryoko decided to not think
too much and do the same - appoint her own sensei and his partner as her son’s godparents.
Although her reasoning was slightly different.

Knowing Orochimaru, Ryoko guessed that the man will live a very long life, meaning that
her son will have a guardian for a very long time. A rather pragmatic way of thinking, but
that is Ryoko in a nutshell. Being a shinobi, she knew the dangers of her work. She knew that
her death is a very likely possibility. So she did what she could to ensure that her son would
be taken care of in such an unfortunate outcome.

Then, Karu got the first glimpse at his Uchiha family members as Obito and Shisui barged in
with their own significant others. Yue stayed firm in her belief of not having children now,
but Anko… She looked rather smitten by the baby boy. A possible mix of Anko and Obito
sounded disturbing. Ryoko hoped they would have a child soon. She wondered if said child
could outdo the current raining devel of Konoha - Naruto Uzumaki.

Now, however, was the most important day.

It was time to visit her family in the Uchiha compound.

Ryoko walked emotionless, on-brand with the stoic Uchiha facade. Karu slept the whole way
to the compound. Kakashi, ever-present watchful guardian walked beside her. They looked
casual, laid back even, but if there would be even a glimpse of danger…

“Here we are,” Kakashi whispered as a matter of fact when they stopped in front of the
entrance to the big house.

“Hn,” Ryoko huffed and knocked.

Izumi was the one to open the door. She smiled, yet couldn’t fully hide the surprise from her
eyes. “Ryoko-sama! Hatake-sama! It is lovely to have you both here today,” she chirped not



at all subtly remarking on the unexpected action on Ryoko’s part. Yes, they probably
expected her to keep away from Itachi as she had done in past months.

They all were wrong of course.

Ryoko gave a stern nod and entered after Izumi gave an obligatory curtsy and coo over Karu.
The Uchiha household was just sitting down by the dining table when the Hatake arrived. All
eyes were on them with varying levels of surprise. Except for Sasuke. Her little brother only
smiled, but otherwise looked like this is exactly what he expected. The little clever demon…

As per traditions, they first approached the head of the clan. Itachi.

The man clearly held his breath as his eyes slightly wider than usual soaked in the sight of
Ryoko. “Big brother, meet your nephew, Karu Hatake,” Ryoko said simply as if there was no
tension around her. And everyone gave a collective sigh of relief. This was a start. An offer to
settle their disagreement.

Itachi straightened up and accepted the child into his arms. “Hello, Karu-kun,” he greeted the
sleepy baby in a soft voice.

After that little display, the dinner itself went smoothly. Izumi filled the comfortable silence
with her chatter. Surprisingly, all the children, and Kami, there were four of them, were tame.
Just as the tea was served, Itachi made eye contact with Ryoko communicating without
words.

She nodded and both excused from the table to have a private chat. Finally, alone in Itachi’s
study and with activated privacy seals for good measure they stared at each other. Not for too
long. Her brother was the first to break. He closed the distance between them and hugged
Ryoko.

“Tachi, you’re acting like father,” she grumbled but returned the affection. Ryoko could deny
it, but she really did miss this warmth with her dearest person.

“I am sorry,” he said and it was clearly not about his current behavior.

“Hn,” Ryoko could only reply after they pulled away from each other.

Slightly hesitating, Itachi did add “It is not like you haven’t gone behind my back before…”

Ahh. The ANBU thing. Ryoko’s face was impassive. “I was a child, Itachi. I didn’t know
better. I was stubborn,” he raised an eyebrow at that, but she ignored it. “What you did… I
understand why, I really do, but I thought you regarded me more than that. Don’t you trust
me? Don’t you think I would have agreed if only you talked about it with me?”

“I… I wasn’t thinking…” he admitted the truth of the matter. Indeed, his actions were out of
character for someone as intelligent as Itachi. For a person who knows her best. He should
have anticipated her reaction.

Ryoko actually laughed. “Well, that’s a first.”



A gentle smile graced Itachi’s face as well. “I am just glad that you both are safe and well. I
promise, on my honor, that I will not act so irrationally again. I trust that we can discuss any
matter together,” he declared rather dramatically.

“Pft. I think mother will not tolerate if we ever make a repeat of this situation,” she scoffed.

The two rejoined others with composed expressions and so the grand feud of the Uchiha
siblings ended. Ryoko made her point. Itachi learned from his mistakes. In result, both acted
like emotional children.

“Ryoko-san, what a lovely ribbon this is! But why is the bell without sound?” Izumi asked
when they joined others. She was referring to the red ribbon that was tied into Karu’s hair. On
the ends of it, there were two bells that made no sound.

“It was a gift. Later in life, he will be able to use it for genjutsu,” she explained simply, not
mentioning that it was a gift from the Madara Uchiha.

At the moment her child was cooed at by her father. With age, he completely softened up.
Ryoko glanced at Kakashi, who had one raised eyebrow at her. The man still tried in vain to
learn who the gift was from. Or maybe he was concerned that she already planned for the
child's future to be closely tied with genjutsu. It is not like she had everything planned out.
Yet.

━━━━━━━━━━

Orochimaru’s eyes glimmered with triumph as he grabbed the chance to babysit Ryoko's
spawn right under Fugaku’s nose. He was in a great mood so he let a few snakes play with
the little child. Young Karu seemed to be highly entertained by the reptilian summons.

“Father, we’re home,” a polite yet loud voice of Sai announced. His boy brought friends
home after the Academy. Like always. Honestly, Orochimaru was amused by his own lack of
concern about the high traffic of little demons in his home. At some point, children just
started to be around and they did not appear to be intimidated by him one bit.

Of course, said children were almost all the heirs of the strongest clans of Konoha. Maybe
this type of behavior was something inbreed over generations, he wondered to himself.
“Welcome home,” the snake sannin greeted Sai and his closest friends. Uzumaki. Uchiha.
Nara. Hyuga.

The boys easily went into their usual routine. Sai and Shikamaru played a game of shogi in
the garden, while Naruto tried his best to best Neji in a spar. Arbitrated by the eagle-eyed
Sasuke. Today, however, the young Uchiha tagged behind everyone until only he and
Orochimaru were left in the living room. Not counting little Karu and the snakes.

“Issss there something you want, Sassssuke-kun?” the man asked without even giving him a
glance from the scroll he was reading.

“Hn. I… would like an advice…”



Well, this was something new. Maybe Sasuke wasn’t as brash as his sister, but he sure was
never this shy with his words. Orochimaru put his scroll away to dedicate his full attention to
the boy. He patted the seat next to him and the boy took it.

“Go on.”

“I… like someone… someone that is a boy…”

Orochimaru raised an eyebrow. That’s it? He almost wanted to laugh at the seriousness in the
child's voice. Somehow, the older man contained his composure. “I see. And at what parrrt do
you need my advice on?” The man sincerely hoped that it would not involve any physical
affection topics, but it was hard to tell. Sasuke always carried himself with the typical Uchiha
poker face.

“How do I know if he likes boys too? I don’t want to make it weird…” the boy confessed but
did not avoid eye contact. Sasuke didn’t look ashamed, more concerned about possibly
ruining a friendship. Orochimaru had a pretty good idea who this mystery person was. It
wasn’t that hard to guess after observing the children for years.

“It’s hard enough to know yourself, let alone another person,” Orochimaru stated as a matter
of fact. It took him more than enough time to confess to Cherry. Although their relationship
started without such doubts in the first place…

“Hn,” Sasuke agreed.

“Yet,” after a pause, Orochimaru decided to continue. “Even if you’re not ready for the day, it
cannot always be night. There might never come the right moment. But if you wait too long
to find answers to these questions, you might miss your chance completely.”

The boy looked thoughtful. He was like Fugaku in this matter. Carefully and slowly
consuming the knowledge, digesting it, and only then acting upon it.

“Do not rush either. You are all still children, even if you are mature for your age,” the snake
sannin added for plausible deniability if the children actually had a falling out because of his
advice.

Sasuke nodded. “Thank you, Orochimaru-sama.”

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko stood with Kakashi together observing the festivities around them. Today, the pair got
a free evening, courtesy of Shikaku Nara, who more than gladly offered to look after Karu. It
seemed, that there was some hidden schedule people had for babysitting her child. Ryoko
didn’t mind it. This allowed her to return to the active shinobi roster and even go out with
Kakashi once a blue moon.

“Shikaku won the betting pool, that’s why he was in such a good mood,” Kakashi said. That
would explain it. It wouldn’t be hard to believe it either, as Ryoko recalled how the man bet
on her relationship status as well.



“Hn. Although, I was under the impression that the old man and Tsunade were already
together,” she wondered aloud. Not on one occasion did she already hear Jiraiya proclaim,
that he loves the kind of woman that would actually just kill him, followed up by stories of
the beatings he received from the slug lady.

Kakashi shrugged as he handed her a chocolate glazed strawberry on a skewer. “Well, it is
official finally.” This was the sannin wedding after all. Or something like that as there was
not a single traditional ceremony performed. There was plenty of alcohol, though.

Suddenly, Ryoko felt Kakashi place his hand around her waist in a possessive manner. Her
eyes looked around discretely to find a cause for such public display. “You will never get
over it, will you?” she rolled her eyes with exasperation, pretending like she didn’t notice
another pair headed their way.

Kakashi said nothing, only gave her his eye smile. So that was a no.

“Ibiki, Kurenai,” Ryoko nodded at the two who approached them.

“Lovely to see you both,” Kurenai greeted with an honest smile not being privy to the history
between the people around her.

“Hatake-sama,” Ibiki said and for once he didn’t sound sarcastic as he said the polite greeting
to the clan head. Surprisingly, Ryoko felt Kakashi's hand relax on her body. She will have to
ask him about this reaction later.

“Good evening, Kurenai. Ibiki,” Kakashi replied more polite than Ryoko had seen him be
with the T&I commander in years.

Ryoko glanced between the two and it finally clicked in her head, what Kakashi probably
smelled of the two adults. She smirked. “It’s indeed a lovely day to have a date,” she said not
at all subtly. Kurenai’s cheeks instantly colored, while Ibiki rolled his eyes much like Ryoko
did just minutes ago.

“I see you have not lost your perceptions skills, Ryoko,” the man only said.

Trying to change the topic, Kurenai looked at Kakashi instead. “Hey, Kakashi, I heard that
Kushina-san is not doing so great these days. Is she alright?” her voice was concerned.

The copy nin next to Ryoko let out a sigh. “Losing a tailed beast it was pure luck and Lady
Tsunade’s skills that saved her life at all. Yet her health was never the same after that time,”
he admitted.

Ryoko was thorn on the subject. On one hand, she should be concerned about a person close
to her family having health issues. On the other hand… this was an indication of the passage
of time. And with time, her life goal got closer and closer. Ryoko didn’t comment much as
she remained thoughtful. Soon, her time will come.

━━━━━━━━━━



Chapter End Notes

Karu means 'to reap'. Following Hatake traditions, the names need to be related to the
meaning of their last name which is 'a field' or 'a farm field'. SO took me a while to
come up with a proper name 🤔 I was considering something with ravens too.



Chapter 76: Graduation
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Sasuke was nervous. He tried to hide his tense expression behind intertwined fingers he was
leaning on. This was it. Finally, his graduation day had come. Finally, he was closer to being
a real shinobi like his brother and sister. Yet that was not what concerned him the most.
Sasuke was more worried about the team he will be in.

“Team Seven,” sensei announced over the noise. “Uciha Sasuke,” the boy perked up. Sharp
dark eyes darted towards their teacher in anticipation. “Uzumaki Naruto,” his heart skipped
hearing the name of his best friend and rival. Kami, it was really happening!

Some other students whined about the sorting, some said nothing. Who wouldn’t want to be
on a team with the Hokage’s son? The last name at this point did not surprise anyone. “Sai.”

Lady destiny somehow swayed the odds and three childhood friends were allowed to stay
together. Sasuke was almost a hundred percent sure that it was Minato’s doing. There was no
chance that his own father would meddle in a trivial matter as a genin team arrangement. Nor
would his sister intervene. Scratch that. Ryoko most definitely would and probably did sway
the team assignments in the most subtle of ways.

The three boys didn’t have to change seats as they already were lumped together. The only
thing they could talk about was the debate of who will be their sensei. Surprisingly, Sai
looked the happiest one out of them all. The boy smiled. Sasuke couldn’t take it anymore, so
he asked, while the team assignments continued. “Sai, why are you so happy? Don’t tell me
that you didn’t expect for us to be on the same team?”

“Oh, that was rather obvious. Yet, even so, I am smiling because I am happy that I won’t be
separated from my friends, even if I already expected as much,” the pale boy replied simply
and with brutal honesty as he always did.

Meanwhile, their sensei continued. “Team Eight. Nara Shikamaru. Hyuga Hinata. Aburame
Shino.” The usually sleeping clan heir violently twitched at the announcement. His eyes were
wide like one of the deers that Nara take care of. Sasuke wasn’t really sure why the other boy
was so surprised with his team. From his perspective, the formation sounded reasonable. An
intelligence-gathering unit for sure.

Only after lunchtime was announced, did Sasuke have a chance to approach and ask. He
hated not knowing things. When the boy approached the back of the class, he found a worried
Yamanaka, for the first time in her life, quietly whispering with Shikamaru and Choji. Uchiha
raised his eyebrow like he saw his sister do many times before, to indicate a silent question.

“What do you want, Sasuke-san?” Choji spoke up gently, while Shikamaru looked like he
was deep in thought. Sasuke saw such expression on him only when the other boy played
shogi.



“What’s the matter with him?” Sasuke asked straight.

“Oh well…” Choji nervously looked around.

“This is not fair!” Ino yelped before their chubby friend could continue. Sasuke stayed silent,
in hopes that the blond will eventually elaborate. And she did. “We were supposed to be Ino-
Shika-Cho!”

“You couldn’t have known what team you will be in,” Uchiha deadpanned.

“It is our clan's tradition!”

“So?”

“SO?!!” Ino repeated giving him an incredulous look.

“Yeah. What is the big deal about not being put in a box where high expectations are already
set before you? Were everything you do will be compared to your predecessors.”

“Well, I don’t want to be on a team with Kiba! He smells! And he’s loud!”

Look who’s talking… Sasuke scoffed in his mind but didn’t indulge her further. Instead, he
turned towards Shikamaru. “What do you think about it?”

“There has to be a reason why we were sorted the way we were…” Nara muttered more to
himself than to others listening around.

“Well, then you can ask your sensei about it,” Sasuke shrugged. At least Shikamaru wasn’t
concerned, but more surprised than anything else. Secretly, young Uchiha giggled that the
Hokage managed to surprise a Nara for once.

Only after another hour, something clicked in Sasuke’s brain as senseis started showing up to
pick up their teams. When he glanced back at Shikamaru, he knew that the other boy was
struck with the same realization. “Team Eight, follow me,” Ryoko announced after she
entered their class. Yup, that explained everything.

Both, the Hyuga clan head and the Nara clan head always showed good graces to his sister.
No wonder they would make sure, that their own heirs would receive her tutelage. Sasuke
silently sent words of encouragement to his classmates. They will need it if his big sister will
be training them seriously. And she will.

Now the only question left was… “Oh no…” Sasuke whispered as his eyes landed on the
next person to enter their class. The gray hair. The annoying eye-crinkled smile. The damned
mask!

“Come along now, you three,” Kakashi beckoned them without much fanfare. Naruto and Sai
just like Sasuke had no doubts about who the man was calling. All three boys had their own
ties to the Hatake clan head.

“At least it’s not Ryoko-hime,” Naruto whispered to Sasuke’s ear as they walked.



“Hn,” the boy barely stammered out. He was too distracted by the closeness of the blond to
get upset over the comment itself.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko looked at the three kids in front of her and thought to herself. This is it… Her final
challenge before taking her rightful place as the next Hokage. Minato insisted that she would
become a sensei. He all but outright said that it was an unwritten rule to have a team. Ryoko
on her part agreed with one condition - that Minato maintained her scroll filing system.

Honestly, she didn’t mind becoming a sensei. She didn’t even care what students would be
assigned to her. Minato didn’t discuss his sorting method with her or any of the other future
senseis. Ryoko somewhat welcomed the change to her routine.

Now, seeing a Nara, a Hyuga and an Aburame together was an odd experience. This
combination intrigued her. There was potential Ryoko will not hesitate to take advantage of.
Most importantly, this team was not gathered at random.

Obviously, Shikaku used his position and immense collection of favors to persued Minato.
How he knew that Ryoko would be on the sensei list, she could only guess. On other hand,
considering, that Shikaku was in charge of jonin’s assignments it came with no surprise at all.
He would know about any changes with the active jonin.

Now Hiashi Hyuga was a different story. Why? How? When? There were many questions
circling in the woman’s head as she looked at Hinata. Ryoko could complain and challenge
the girls’ addition to the team, but… As an Uchiha, to have an option to study and watch a
Hyuga train was a luxury.

In the end, Ryoko decided that Hiashi’s motive was very plain and simple - he wanted his
daughter to be as strong as Ryoko. A natural wish, of course. Who wouldn’t want to be like
her? When she’s done with the young hime, people will quiver in her wake!

And then there was one. A closed-off clan, even more than Hyuga, with the most interesting
of skills - to communicate with insects. Aburame intrigued Ryoko the most, as she had the
least contact with them. Bugs sounded stupidly convenient technique to have. Ryoko couldn’t
recall talking more than a few minutes with the clan head Shibi, so she couldn’t tell if the
man advocated for his son to be taught by Ryoko or not.

Time will tell… she thougth.

Around fifteen minutes passed in complete silence as she eyed the children. On their part, the
kids did exactly the same. Not a word or breath of complaint. Lovely. She already liked them.
“My name is Ryoko Uchiha and I will be your sensei wherever you like it or not,” she said
pointedly letting her eyes linger on Shikamaru. “Introduce yourselves,” she ordered curtly
after crossing arms over her chest. They were standing in the training ground four. The field
was big with very few trees or bushes, mostly tall grass.

Shikamaru, surprisingly being the most social of the three and wasn’t that saying a lot about
the others, started to talk in a bored voice. “Shikamaru Nara, but you already have known me



for years, sensei,” his tone was not insulting per se, but the boy clearly made it known how
troublesome he considered such a pointless task. “I like to play shogi, as you know. I hate
boiled eggs.”

Ryoko nodded, without making any comments for now. Nara were more like mules rather
than stags. When they fixate on something or get stubborn about something, there is very
little you can do to change their mind. Of course, Ryoko was a shinobi, so she was already
prepared to use underhanded tactics to manipulate the boy into doing what she wanted him to
do.

“I… I am… Hinata Hyuga…” barely a whisper came from the shy girl. Ryoko instantly
frowned. The situation was much direr than she expected. Because of Sasuke, she already
familiarised herself with most of the female students years ago. (Un)Fortunately, Hinata was
not one of Sasuke’s admirers, so Ryoko never paid any attention to the Hyuga girl.

“Speak louder, Hinata-san, imagine that there is a room full of people that you have to shout
over to get your words across to me,” Ryoko instructed.

“Yes, sensei!” proclamation came out quickly and startled, but even Hinata was surprised that
she could actually do what was asked of her. Ryoko gave another nod, for the girl to continue.
“I like… sweet red bean soup and I… I dislike hurting others.”

Oh boy. Hiashi will owe me big time… oh Lord Madara, give me strength!...

Ryoko couldn’t fathom what the girl was doing with her life, becoming a shinobi of all
things, when she dislikes violence! Maybe she could ask Orochimaru for help with this one?
But Ryoko’s dignity would not allow for her to seek help in the task that was given to her.
No, she will find a way and Hinata will cut throats like it’s air under her fingertips.

“Right,” Ryoko nodded, eyes full of conviction as she gave one last glance to Hinata. Then
the woman turned to the last boy.

“Shino Aburame. I have a personal interest in insects. Why? Because they are fascinating to
watch and analyze. I dislike people.”

Ryoko almost laughed. Adorable. That one will be her favorite all things considered. At least
he had passion. The only issue with it is that a lot like Uchiha eyes, the bugs can become a
crutch. Ryoko will fix that of course. It has been a while since she trained others. Back in
ANBU. Felt like ages ago and at the same time, as if she entered the HQ only yesterday.

One lazy. One pacifist. One antisocial.

She will make it work or her name is not Ryoko Uchiha.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko returned home in the evening, almost surprised at how fast the first they went by. She
stopped by the Uchiha compound on her way home, to pick up Karu from her family, who
graciously offered to babysit whenever they need. Tendou and Karu naturally developed a



sort of comradery. Itachi’s twins, Takeo and Takumi, eventually joined to make a very
ominous innocent-looking quartet.

“We’re home,” Ryoko announced as she felt Kakashi’s chakra already inside. The man’s head
appeared from the doorway leading to the kitchen. He smiled at Ryoko and the baby in her
arms.

“Welcome back,” he said with contentment.

Ryoko raised one questioning eyebrow. “Why are you so happy? I thought you were not
thrilled about the next generation of the infamous Team 7?”

“Oh, I am not,” he said simply, but now his eyes were crinkled in the usual fake smile, that
had never worked on Ryoko. “But I am happy to see you again. You both,” Kakashi added
after he approached. And they kissed, mindful of the child between them.

“I just saw you a few hours ago back in the academy,” she remarked after they parted and
walked together to the dining room.

“I miss you every minute of every day. Only I miss you more when you are not next to me,”
he said unapologetically. This was the real Kakashi. The cringe-worthy and unbelievably
cheesy man, she decided to bond herself with.

Ryoko sighed.

“So, how bad was your team?” she decided to change the subject after they settled to have
dinner. She inhaled deeply the warm aroma coming from the food that her husband served on
the table. She was one lucky lady.

“Pretty much as expected. Each of them is thinking in their own lane, speed and little
disregard to others. Although I have to admit, Naruto seems much calmer with Sasuke and
Sai, at least compared to the hyperactive ball of yellow that he was as a kid.”

“Hn.”

“What about Team Eight?” Kakashi teased her about it plenty when she made the
announcement initially. He was sure that any kids, that end up in her team, will become
monsters worthy to have Ryoko as their sensei. She disagreed. There were a few that even her
skills would struggle to make something out of them.

“One lazy. One pacifist. One antisocial. Nobody will ever see them coming,” Ryoko declared.

“I bet my team will become chunin’s before yours.”

“Bullshit.”

“Bet.”

Their eyes clashed. Stubborn grey and pitless black could make sparks if either had even a
little less self-control. Neither wanted to stand down. It was not that their pride was at stake.



Challenging and competing with each other Ryoko and Kakashi always had the most fun.
And now they had new toys to play with.

“Fine. The first team to all become chunin will win,” Ryoko set the rules for the challenge.
They continued to argue about details and loopholes. In the end, both adults were equally
fired up to win.

And then they had sex. Very passionate and feral sex, fighting with each other for dominance.
Always respectfully and playfully, somehow managing to maintain the fragile power balance
of their union.

“By the way,” Kakashi whispered when they finally settled down. Ryoko had her arms
wrapped around the man’s waist, taking the honorable position of the big spoon for the night.
She loved being pressed to his wide wide wide chest. “I heard that Team 10 and genin from
other years have no idea, that we are together.”

The man’s voice was deliciously devious. She perfectly understood what he was trying to say.
“Ah. Sneaking around reminds me of years back, when we just got together,” Ryoko
snickered.

Kakashi’s chuckle was deep and vibrated nicely all down his body. “I think I am over my
days of sneaking into the Uchiha compound. Might as well sharpen my skill, but this time
going home.”

“Hn.” His heartbeat lulled Ryoko to sleep. “As if you allowed people to know where you
lived before. Well, with the exception of me.”

“Indeed. You were always an exception, kitten.”

Ryoko’s arms around the man tightened in retaliation to the nickname. But she was slowly
warming up to it. Maybe after another few years, she will be okay with it. “Idiot.”

“Your idiot.”

“Hn… I love you.”

“I love you.”

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Took me a while, but I think I finally found my equilibrium again ^^ happy to say, that
not many chapters left for this story! I would say 3-4 chapters :o



And then... we all know what happens then 😈😈😈

I have started rereading Arcanum to get myself back in the mood ^^



Chapter 77: Genin Life
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ryoko set the children's expectations from their first meeting. Shino didn’t complain. Hinata
couldn’t complain even if she wanted to. Shikamaru… well, he grumbled like an old man,
but still showed up at the hour Ryoko set for them to train. It was early. Still dark in the sky
kind of early. She saw goosebumps on the children's skin from the light morning breeze.

“Today, we shall start your training. Only when I deem you ready, will you start taking
missions.”

“Sen-sensei… but you said we will do the D-rank missions in the afternoon?” Hinata
squicked as loud as she could, remembering Ryoko’s previous comments. At least the girl
was not stupid and remembered what Ryoko asked of her.

The woman waved her hand dismissively. “I mean real missions. D-ranks are nothing more
than chores. But,” Ryoko made a dramatic pause as she looked each kid in the eyes. “That
does not mean you are allowed to slack off. You will do each and every task appointed to you
perfectly, no matter how minuscule it will be. Am I clear?”

“Yes, sensei,” a chorus of dejected voices answered her question. For such a group of
students that actually sounded rather enthusiastic and energetic. Ryoko nodded with approval.

“Now… Ten laps around the village!”

Shikamaru blinked, his mouth agape. “Around… as in…” he gestured with his hand in a
circle as if the boy lacked words to communicate.

“Yes, Nara-san. Around as in on top of the village wall.”

“But… but… that will take us forever!” the boy outright whined now, while Hinata fidgeted
in her spot. Credit where credit is due, at least the young Hyuga started to look determined,
despite the clear fear in her pupilless eyes.

“Then you will be running forever,” Ryoko answered simply with a small smile. Her eyes
inadvertently also crinkled into the Kakashi™ smile.

“This is such a drag,” Shikamaru complained to the skies just before they all started to run.
Ryoko followed the kids from behind. Her sharp eyes watched how they moved from one
wall to the other, what mannerisms they had, what habits they showed. She cataloged all of
this information into her endless mind palace.

Now was only the beginning. She will learn what their real limits are and then break them.
She will push them to be the best. She will teach them to learn by themselves. She will make
them worthy of the shinobi title.



On the second lap around the village, Ryoko started to occasionally throw a kunai or a
shuriken, to keep the little ones on their toes. Unfortunately, Shino’s bugs were too efficient
in dealing with projectiles and Ryoko had to contemplate long and hard how to attack without
completely destroying the young boy's colony.

When finally they reached the end of the last lap, all three kids were out of breath. They
simply fell down into the tall grass gasping for air. “Don’t stay still now, you must stretch or
you’ll regret it later,” Ryoko said seriously. Cramping muscles were not something she
wanted to deal with.

All in all, she could not complain too much. No matter how unprepared for the real world
these kids were, they at least tried and finished the tasks Ryoko gave them. They were like
soft clay that was ready to be molded into shape.

By the end of the day, a foundation for their daily routine was set. Training. D-Rank
missions. Sparring. Food. Ryoko took the kids to one of the Akimichi restaurants.
Unsurprisingly, she found other teams and their sensei’s there already.

“Hn,” she greeted with a nod to the other jonin and… Obito. Of course. Her cousin had to
come by and check on his babies and the sanity of the freshly baked senseis.

“Hime! What did you do to them? They are practically already asleep and they just sat
down!” Obito hissed at her when Ryoko took a free spot next to him. Kakashi, sitting in front
of her across the table, playfully nudged her calf under the table with his own foot.

“When they're tired enough, they don’t have the energy to complain,” she shrugged
nonchalantly. “Bakashi. Yours look like they didn’t do anything all day,” she dropped a
casual remark that was neutral, unlike her burning stare. The competitiveness between them
was real. Ryoko was incredibly annoyed that she couldn’t tell right away what Kakashi was
up to.

The man in question blinked, lost for words. “May I remind you, that I have an Uzumaki,
Orochimaru’s spawn in all but blood and your own brother. Honestly, I doubt that there is
anything I can do to make them run out of energy.”

At that, Obito released a maniacal cackle. Kurenai glanced between them like she wanted to
say something, but the giggle she tried to contain prevented her from opening her mouth. “I
know it’s hard, but try using this thing called a brain,” Ryoko teased. It might sound harsh
how the two spoke to each other in public, but for Kakashi and Ryoko this was like walking
down a memory lane. Teasing and egging each other on was reminiscent of their youth. It
was also a very effective prelude to what Ryoko expected to be a very passionate night back
at home.

She cleared her throat. “Anyways. Kurenai-san, how was your team doing?”

“Oh, well, Kiba-kun was fighting for dominance with Ino-chan. Obviously, he lost that
fight.”

“Naturally,” Ryoko nodded.



“I think they will come together nicely.”

“Hn,” Ryoko turned to Obito now. “You know, I expected to get at least one Uchiha in my
team,” she said covertly asking if the man knew anything. There were more than a few of her
kin in the Academy alongside Sasuke.

“Heir education comes as a priority,” Obito shrugged. “A full class of them is a big deal,
actually. And they would need senseis that have a reputation worthy of their bloodline.”

“Hn,” Ryoko thought to herself for a moment. That might be the case, still, she felt a bit
disappointed to have missed out on a chance to teach someone with sharingan. Then she
remembered. Karu. Her son will most definitely have her eyes and she will teach him to
wield those deadly weapons with surgical precision. “And how is Anko?”

Her friend recently announced her pregnancy. Ryoko was happy for her. And for Obito. Even
now, from a bare mention of his wife and their future child, her cousin's eyes lit up like
lanterns during the New Year's celebration. “She is tired, but well!” he proceeded to chatter
about their lifestyle changes. Kakashi was highly invested in the conversation. Kurenai
pretended that she wasn’t listening, but she was.

Meanwhile, Gai beamed at Ryoko. “You are most youthful, Lady Hatake! I have witnessed
you and your little grasshoppers training today and I was inspired to double my own morning
routine from the passionate vigor you all showed!”

“Gai, you know, you can call me by my name?”

The green-clad man didn’t answer, although the quick glance he made towards Kakashi was
louder than words. Gai was her husband's best friend first and foremost and with this small
notion he showed his alliance, respect and well… Gai clearly understood how such a small
thing made Kakashi feel. Ryoko understood too.

She covertly exchanged a heated glance with Kakashi. The man was turned on by the looks
of it. Ryoko will have to ask him later, what specifically got him to this point. And then she
will exploit that information to her benefit.

Kakashi turned away and cleared his throat. “Obito, who is this ‘Sakura-chan’? Naruto
doesn’t shut up about her.”

Her cousin let a deep sigh out. Clearly very familiar with the girl in question. “That’s another
genin from Naruto’s class. She actually went for specialization instead of a genin team.”

“Oh? With whom?” Kurenai asked. Ryoko was only mildly interested. Yes, such a decision
was unusual, but not uncommon. For all they knew, the girl could be part of ANBU already.
Of course, knowing Minato, he would not allow a child into the shadows ranks, unlike his
predecessors. The blond was very strict when things came to Konoha's youth and their
wellbeing.

“You won’t believe it but… with Jiraiya-sama of all people!” Obito shook his head as if he
was disappointed, only it was not clear in whom. Sure, to choose a perverted old man the girl



had to have guts. Or maybe they shared similar interests? Ryoko inadvertently recalled how
people reacted when she chose Orochimaru. A small smile sneaked its way on the woman's
lips.

“Seriously?” Kurenai gaped.

“Hn. The girl has skills in genjutsu and she somehow met the sannin, but I am not sure how,”
Obito scratched his scarred chin.

“Hmm. I have a guess,” Ryoko finally spoke, making everyone glance in her direction. “Was
the girl one of Sasuke’s stalkers?”

Obito cringed. “Yeah,” he admitted, practically embarrassed on the girl's behalf.

“So, they probably met on their stalking endeavors. Everyone knows that Jiraiya still spies
around with a pretense of peeping,” Ryoko shrugged. This was an absurd idea. It really was.
Yet there was something so poetic and funny about two stalkers catching each other in the
act.

“Well,” Kakashi continued, “Hopefully, without her around Naruto, the boy will finally get
over her.”

“Hn. It’s about time Naruto got some self-awareness and chose one from his true admirers,”
Obito agreed, but his statement served only to intrigue others further. Yes, they were
professional jonin that loved to gossip. Big surprise, when your job contains gathering intel.

“He has multiple?” Kakashi blinked.

The smile that twisted her cousin's face was full of malice. He didn’t answer. The man
obviously learned over the years who liked who, but he wasn’t inclined to tell them. There
was something else in the way Obito looked at Kakashi. Something that promised her
husband a troublesome mentorship.

“Great, just great…” Kakashi grumbled. He’s cute when he pouts… thought to herself Ryoko.
When she looked at the man, she could see his face without the mask. His features were
obvious from the way the skin crinkled next to his eyes. Sometimes, this level of intimacy
and closeness startled Ryoko even after being married to the guy.

Imposter syndrome. That’s how such feelings were called in the psychology books she once
read. Technically, she was an imposter. And yet, everything she was, everything Ryoko had -
her relationships, her career, her child - it was all a result of her hard work. She earned it.

He is mine fair and square! Ryoko told herself, possessive eyes darted at Kakashi. Mine
screamed her mind and soul. That’s it. Ryoko wanted to go home now. She stood up and said
goodbye to others before walking towards the table where all the fresh genin shared a meal.

“Sensei!” Hinata squeaked.

“Hn,” Ryoko nodded, ever the image of politeness. “Sasuke, let’s go. I’ll take you home,”
with arms crossed under her chest, she called her little brother.



Naruto laughed loudly and patted Sasuke on the back. “Awww! Teme! You still need a
babysitter?”

“Shut up, dobe!” Sasuke hissed, brushing off Naruto’s hand. “Yes, Ane-chan,” far calmer, he
answered Ryoko. The two Uchiha left the restaurant in silence.

“You are in a bad mood, Sasuke,” it was not a question.

“Hn.”

Ryoko didn’t say anything else. She didn’t look at him. She just waited for the boy to open up
when he was ready. No matter who it was, Ryoko would deal with them. The insolence of
some people to dare and cross the path of her brother! Madar would never stand for that.
Although… technically… he never took revenge for the death of Izuna…

Ryoko’s thoughts were pushed to the back of her mind when Sasuke finally spoke up.
“...Naruto is annoying… he never shuts up!”

“Hn. He cannot be worse than cousin Shisui.”

“He is!” Sasuke nodded his small head passionately.

Ryoko smirked. Of course, Naruto was worse. He was the son to Kushina AND Minato - the
two loudest people in the whole village. “Well, that hardly is something new, Sasuke. Why all
of a sudden is that a problem for you?” she prodded.

“I… nevermind…” the boy clammed up and she knew that it would be pointless to get
anything else from him. She didn’t push it.

Finally, back in the Uchiha compound, Ryoko picked up her little one. Karu didn’t make
much noise, but he did smile and reach for Ryoko, when she entered. Fugaku, who was
seated on the floor with the child, looked up. “Back already?” her father sounded
disappointed to have to say goodbye to his grandson already.

“Hn. Have a break, father, you are getting too old for this,” Ryoko teased him with the best
intentions. Of course, Fugaku scrunched his face, scandalized by her insinuation.

“Hn,” he puffed out like a child that tried very hard not to argue. He could act tough all he
wanted, but Itachi already told Ryoko everything about Fugaku’s hurting joints and high
blood pressure.

Still, Ryoko smiled at him softly, gave the older man a hug, and left with Karu safely
wrapped in her arms. No matter her past, Fugaku was still her father and mattered deeply to
her. Ryoko brushed a gray strand of hair from Karu’s face. Now she knew firsthand how
parents felt. There was very little she wouldn’t do for her family and even less so for Karu.

“Let’s go home to torment daddy, Karu,” she kissed him on the forehead before jumping up
on the nearby roof to run the rest of the way.

━━━━━━━━━━



“So, you’re leaving tomorrow?” Ryoko asked as she slowly moved her hips on top of
Kakashi. This lazy way of fucking was the best nightly ritual the two did almost every day.
Neither got bored of it yet.

“Hn. Agh…” the man moaned when she clenched her inner muscles. “We are going to wave.
A joint mission with Kiri,” he explained.

It has been a few months since graduation now. Her own children were slowly progressing as
Ryoko forced the intense regiment on their young bodies. Stamina was one of the things she
prioritized now. Even if you are not the strongest one in a battle, you can still outlast your
enemy.

“Hn. We are going to Ame,” she said. Kakashi chose this moment to flip her down onto the
bed in his warmed place. His hips snapped passionately between her legs in long strokes. The
woman closed her eyes, enjoying the feeling.

“Be careful,” he gasped in between motions.

“Hn. Just sending an invitation for the Chunin Exams.”

“And scouting,” Kakashi smirked, a knowing glint in his eyes.

“And that. There were reports about the steady development of Ame. We might just have a
new Hidden Village soon,” she spoke casually. This was something inevitable. Especially if
the new village trained their own shinobi in earnest and that was exactly what had been
rumored when missions started to be snatched by Ame affiliated people.

“I bet my team we’ll be back first,” Kakashi whispered into her ear.

Stubbornly, Ryoko wrapped her legs around the man's torso and once again chained their
position. “You wish, my dear husband,” her eyes were bright with determination as she
accepted the challenge.

“How feisty,” he snickered, while his hands tugged Ryoko down to kiss her lips. “Lady
Hatake,” he added after their lips parted.

“Oh, you just love it, when people acknowledge your claim to me, do you?”

“Yes, yes I do,” he gasped once more as his hips snapped up to fuck Ryoko in earnest. She
could already tell just how fun it will be to reunite after a mission away from the village.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Sensei, why are we in such a rush?” Hinata asked one evening as their team camped out
taking their first break in this journey.

Ryoko thought for a moment. “We must return before Team 7,” she finally answered.
Sometimes the woman preferred to say less. And sometimes she felt it a good practice to be
honest and straight with her students.



Shikamaru rolled his eyes with a whine. “You made a bet with their sensei, didn’t you,” he
deduced quite accurately. Working with a Nara proved to be rather easy. Despite his
complaints, the boy had a great head on his shoulders and used it without actually trying it.
The curse of Nara. Despite how much they wanted to stay out of things and just lounge
around, their brain could never stop working.

“Hn,” Ryoko smirked at the boy neither agreeing nor disagreeing with the statement. “Now,
everyone remembers the rules?” she asked the group.

“Yes, sensei!” they said in unison.

“You all remember Shino’s bug’s chakra tap code?”

“Yes, sensei!”

“And no wandering around alone!” she sent one glance towards Nara and Shino who were on
the independent side of the spectrum.

“Yes, sensei!”

After another full day of traveling, they finally made it to the land where rain engulfed the
perimeters of the city. They stopped at the border waiting for their papers to be cleared.

“Rain has chakra in it,” Hinata commented barely audibly. She was teaching the girl to use
Byakugan covertly. Meaning, that the young Hyuga had to activate and deactivate her eyes as
quickly as possible gathering as much information as possible in that one second of clarity.
And if this was a sniper training Ryoko knew of from her former life, nobody had to know.

“Hn,” that much Ryoko deduced with her own hidden sharingan eye. It was still good to see
her teachings showing results in information gathering and sharing. “They do not have
Konoha level of barriers, but this looks just as effective,” she added.

“All clear,” a shinobi finally announced. He gave them visitor badges and let the group of
four through. The directions they received were rather simple - go to the tallest tower. So they
went.

It was amazing how this village reminded Ryoko of New York or Tokyo. Far less glass, but
the cement towers still gave the same feeling of a growing metropolis. This will very soon
become a major player in Elemental Nations. When Ryoko will be a kage, she will have to
make sure to keep an alliance with them…

“Welcome to Amegakure,” a woman with short blue hair and a pale complexion greeted them
at the base of the central tower.

“Hn. Greetings from Konoha. I am Ryoko Uchiha,” she introduced. Thankfully, the local
woman's stoic behavior allowed Ryoko to be as cold as she wanted in return. She didn’t have
to fake a smile or share pleasantries. How refreshing.

“I am Konan. I will take you to our leader,” the woman said curtly and led the way inside the
maze of corridors and stairs. She led them into the top floor. The room was like the one you



would imagine a CEO’s would be. Tall windows from floor to ceiling. Carpeted floors. Big
mahogany desk. And an imposing man sitting behind it.

“Greetings,” Ryoko gave a polite nod when they stopped in front of him. Her team was one
step behind her. The man had chocolate brown eyes, bright red hair, and skin slightly tan. He
could easily pass as Kushina’s brother… Ryoko thought to herself.

“Welcome to Amegakure. I am Nagato, the leader of Amegakure,” he said in a time-tested
raspy voice. The woman, Konan, didn’t leave. She took a place on her leader's side.
Interesting… Ryoko thought. This was no regular shinobi then, but a very important person.

Ryoko took out a scroll with Minato’s seal and placed it on the desk. “Message from the
Hokage of Konoha,” she announced as the rules dictated.

Without saying much more, the man opened it and read in silence. Thankfully, he wasn’t the
chatty kind of leader. Kami, Ryoko hated the ones who preached or just spoke to no end. So
far, Ryoko didn’t notice anything hostile, but you could never know, so she did not relax yet.

“I see,” finally he spoke again. “We accept the terms. You will receive a list of our chosen
participants by the end of tomorrow. If I may enquire, will Jiraiya be in Konoha during that
time?” Nagato’s question puzzled her only for a second.

“Yes, it is likely. And if I may ask, how do you know each other?”

“Ah, he was our sensei for a few years.”

Well. That Ryoko did not expect. She held her poker face well. Not even the wrinkles around
her eyes tensed. “Well, in that case, I will make sure he does not miss this opportunity to see
you again, hn.” She will have to have some words with the old pervert. If this was actually
true, and Ryoko had little doubt that Nagato would make such a blatant lie, Minato would
have a good source for intel.

The man nodded once. “Konan will show you to your lodgings. Have a pleasant stay,” and
that was it. Short and sweet, just how Ryoko liked it.

━━━━━━━━━━

Meanwhile somewhere in Wave

“Dobe! That’s a boy!”

“Nuh nuh! Teme, that’s totally a girl!”

“...”

“Uhn, Sai, go ask!” Naruto turned to his other teammate who watched their argument in
silence as he always did. Without any complaints, the pale boy stood up and walked towards
the shinobi team from Kiri. Sensei already told them about the jonin with a huge sword. But
honestly, what really interested them was the feminine looking genin. His long hair and a
pleasant smile confused the two Konoha genin.



Surprisingly, Sai didn’t return right away. “What is he doing?” Sasuke hissed as they covertly
watched the two figures talking in the distance.

“Probably asking her out,” Naruto flashed his 100 wat smile without shame and received a
punch to his gut from one annoyed Uchiha.

Finally, when Sai returned, both of the boys bounced in place from anticipation. “So?”
Sasuke demanded.

“You were asking her out, am I right?” Naruto wiggled his eyebrows in a conspiratory way
that earned him yet another jab from Sasuke. In all honesty, it didn’t look like Naruto was
trying very hard to avoid friendly physical contact.

“Yes, I was,” Sai smiled in the creepy way he always did to annoy others even more. Sasuke
practically choked on his own breath.

“HA! TOLD YA!” Naruto laughed.

“And his name is Haku,” Sai added knowing all too well how to get the maximum effect by
getting Naruto’s hopes up and then crashing them down full force.

“But.. but…” Naruto stammered. “You asked a boy out?”

“Yes,” Sai answered simply. Considering his both parents were male, it should be no surprise
that he was open to same-sex suitors. Sasuke looked contemplative as he observed his
teammates.

“Dobe! There’s nothing wrong in asking a boy out,” finally Sasuke said as if his mind just
made the conclusion.

Naruto glanced between Sai and Sasuke. You could see it in the boy's blue eyes how he was
digesting the new revelation. “Really?”

“You’re so stupid,” Sasuke swished his hands to the skies from irritation and stomped off.

“Really, Naruto,” Sai took pity and answered, far more understanding of Naruto’s narrow-
mindedness. Really, the boy didn’t mean anything bad with his uneducated guess. Thankfully,
there was a teammate, who had the experience and was willing to teach the blond about it.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

This was actually supposed to be a chapter about chunin exams, but here we are :D I
decided to split it a bit and give you all just a bit more content, because I was so lazy
with posting recently ^^



I am not dead! I am working on finishing the story ^^ soon!



Chapter 78: Chunin Exams
Chapter Notes

WARNING: Heavy smut ahead! And I have nothing to say for myself except - I regret
nothing :DD

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Ryoko’s team returned to Konoha first. She was happy and disappointed at the same time
about her genin’s achievement. On one hand, Ryoko just won a bet and will be able to rub it
in Kakashi’s face in front of the other jonin. On the other hand, he was not at home, meaning
that she could not fuck him… or cuddle him… or hug him… or eat his delicious food…

The woman let out a sigh as she cradled Karu in her arms in the empty home. “At least
you’re having fun with your cousins, right, Karu?” she asked the baby seriously. He blinked
in response. “Hn. Let me tell you about your mother's dear friend and idol. Lord Madara-
sama,” she smirked, taking this moment of peace to indoctrinate her own flesh and blood into
the ideology she so heavily used every day to make important decisions.

Being back from their first mission outside Konoha, Ryoko continued to focus her team’s
attention on training. Chunin Exams were around the corner and she was determined to lead
them to victory.

“Shikamaru, have you done what I asked?”

“Yes, sensei,” the boy still grumbled and acted as if every action was a chore. At some point,
Ryoko started to think that this was only that - an act. People who are truly lazy, don’t usually
work with the determination and precision that young Nara heir did.

“Good. I expect you to be reading wilderness like the back of your pillow by the end of the
week,” she initially considered exploiting the boy's clan’s knowledge of healing.
Unfortunately, it wasn’t the Senju-type healing. It was more oriented toward medical herb
cultivation and preparation. But this skill will be invaluable in a survival test that
undoubtedly will be part of the exams.

“Hinata, how are your range and sensing?” she asked the girl next.

“I have increased it by one meter!” Hinata said with a proud smile. Once Ryoko found the
right approach with Hyuga, the girl really started to improve. It looked like before Hinata
lacked the right incentives and reasoning. She had not received any complaints from Hiashi
yet, so all was good as far as Ryoko was concerned.

On a more serious note, Ryoko added only for Hinata’s ears. “And did you look into what we
talked about?”



“Ye-yes, sensei,” the little thing uttered with trepidation evident in her voice. This was a
touchy subject, but it could not be ignored. Ryoko was planning ahead. She was building a
foundation of sorts, for when she became the Hokage. Having three future heads of
prominent clans of Konoha in her team was just the thing Ryoko needed to gain more allies.

“Hn, good. Keep up with the research. I never break a promise,” Ryoko nodded with
approval and that was that.

Now, it only left the last member of her team. She watched as the two boys sparred.
Shikamaru was testing his shadow possession on small targets - beetles. The next step would
be inanimate objects.

“Shino,” she called the boy after a while. He came to her slightly winded. At least she
managed to improve his stamina by now and taijutsu, courtesy of Hinata.

“Yes, sensei.”

“How do you feel about poisons?”

“I have in-depth tutoring about them with my father,” Shino said.

“Yes, but how do you feel about using them? Creating them?”

The boy took a moment to carefully think over his answer. This is what Ryoko loved about
her students. They all were clever. They all were masters-in-making of their trade. And they
took everything seriously because of that.

“I would like to create my own poison.”

Ryoko nodded with approval. “I have arranged for someone to give you tutoring on the
subject for a week.” She couldn’t see the boy's eyes, but his stance did straighten up. He was
curious.

“Thank you, sensei!”

“Now, after today’s work, report to Orochimaru-sama,” now she could tell that Shino’s eyes
widened as the skin around his eyes crinkled in a tell-tale sign of surprise.

“YES, sensei!” he finally responded. Bugs around him buzzed with a positive charge.

Good. They were making progress. Now, if she could only find out what the hell Kakashi was
teaching his team…

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko could hardly contain herself when she felt her home's wards shift with a warning
about the return of the Hatake clan head. Being the official matriarch gained her access to the
seals and to the activity they recorded. So even before Kakashi reached the door, she was
already mentally prepared to see him again.



“I’m home,” he announced.

“Welcome back,” Ryoko greeted. Karu was in her hands when she stepped into the corridor.
Kakashi was next to her in an instant. It looked like he wasn’t sure who to hug first. Ryoko
smirked and handed him their son. “I won,” she teased, turning away.

Yes, she was asking for it. Oh, how she missed him. It was odd how a few weeks apart
affected her. Ryoko didn’t get too far when Kakashi’s strong arms engulfed her in a hug from
behind.

“The pack missed Karu too,” he explained as the toddler was no longer with him. The man's
whisper by her ear was electric. Ryoko exhaled deeply. Her body was instantly engulfed in
Kakashi’s warmth.

“How was the mission?” she tried to remain calm by asking about something mundane.
Kakashi kissed her neck unphased.

“They made friends with the Kiri team… Got rid of one mobster and his gang… And…
Sasuke unlocked his sharingan…”

Ryoko raised an eyebrow and gently pushed Kakashi a bit away, so she could look him in the
eye. “Who?” she only asked.

Kakashi sighed, closing his eye. Then he leaned in and rested his forehead on hers. “Naruto.
The idiot forgot he was scratched by a poisoned blade and momentarily collapsed.”

Interesting… But not unexpected. Many Uchiha unlock sharingan by witnessing their
teammates in distress. That was the case for Itachi too. She nodded. Her hands wrapped
around Kakashi's waist and gently brushed the man’s back in soothing motions. Knowing the
copy-nin, Ryoko was sure that the man was concerned with everything that happened.

“Make sure you tell that to Itachi and mother. I am sure that Sasuke won’t,” Ryoko said after
a moment.

“Itachi I get, but why Mikoto-sama?”

“It’s an Uchiha thing. Trust me, you don’t want to do the same mistake father made when he
didn’t tell her about my sharingan awakening.”

Kakashi snickered. “No, I do not. Thank you, kitten,” he added with adoration. They kissed
like for the first time. Slow at first until the passion of their love could not be delayed any
longer. Ryoko found herself being lifted into the man’s arms and carried to their bedroom.

“How was Ame?” he asked casually after placing her on the bed. The man proceeded to
slowly untie her obi as if she was a gift, wrapped personally for him.

“Their leader is… interesting,” Ryoko closed her eyes as she enjoyed the gentle manner of
Kakashi’s touch.

“Oh, how so?”



It was their little game. To try and keep up a conversation, while the other tries to distract.
This was one of those times when even Ryoko found it hard to concentrate. She answered the
question only after a long moment of enjoying Kakashi’s kisses on her skin. “He… is a
philosopher of sorts… ahh… Kakashi…”

“Go on,” the man encouraged with a teasing smirk. His fingers were now on her pussy.
Brushing and poking. He was the devil. Giving just enough to bother, but not enough to
gratify the woman's need.

“He… believes that we all walk through fire but we burn differently… that we walk…
ahhh… through flames that… ohhh… each of us have to PASS,” the last word came almost
as a yelp as Kakashi chose that moment to push one finger inside of her. His thumb lazily
rested on her clitoris. Frustratingly, he didn’t move the damn thing and her hips instinctively
brushed against his digit just to get some friction. The man above her dripped with
satisfaction as he watched her body practically begging him to do more.

“Yesss? And what about those flames?” he chuckled darkly. It was clear that he won’t
continue until she does.

“They are… ohh.. The same to everyone, only… ahhh… for one it might burn close, for
other far away,” Ryoko whispered. Her eyes were closed while her body enjoyed the
sensations. Thankfully, Kakashi started to move his hand!

“Interesting indeed. And what is the conclusion?” with the last word, he placed another
finger inside her slick entrance.

Ryoko clenched her muscles around his digits and moaned. “That… it is not… ahh
Kakashi… it is not important how far the flame is, because… the flame is important to
everyone differently…” she finally finished the stray thought Nagato shared with her one
evening.

“Wise words,” Kakashi nodded in agreement. He looked calm. All too happy to tease her into
oblivion.

“More!” she demanded as her back arched under him.

“Yes, kitten,” the man kissed her neck and she felt him slowly put the third finger in. Kami,
this was bliss. It was almost similar to the feeling of Kakashi fucking her during his heat. By
the looks and feel of the bulge in the man’s pants, he enjoyed this as much as she did. His
hand moved in a steady rhythm filling the room with squelching sounds.

There was a time in Ryoko’s past life… A time when she heavily indulged with one of her
lovers… A time when she found a strange satisfaction of being completely filled. That is
probably why she reacted so well when the Hatake knotting situation was introduced into her
life. She was tempted to ask Kakashi to actually fist her. Sex afterward always felt
extraordinary, as vagina muscles were left sensitive and snapped back like an elastic band
that was just stretched making any further penetration extremely tight.



Fuck it… she thought to herself. Mind slowly being overtaken by lust. “More…” she
breathed out.

“Are you sure?” he asked. Kakashi’s breath fanned over her neck, where the man leisurely
nibbled her skin as if his hand wasn’t stirring her insides down below.

“I liked spring with you,” she answered with a mischievous smirk.

The man positively growled at that statement. The mention of that time always got him hot
and bothered. “Fuck… you’re so hot…” he whispered. The pace of his hand slowed and now
it was true torture for Ryoko to wait in anticipation. She could practically imagine how his
fingers slowly went in her… then the knuckles taking her breath away… And then her lower
lips perfectly closed around his wrist.

“Ahhh! Kakashi,” she gasped in pleasure.

“Fuck… you’re so tight around my hand…”

“Yes… oh YES!” she moaned louder when he started to move the hand slowly in and out.
Her hips responded to the action as her body wanted more. She was on an edge. Ready to
pop.

“Tell me… how does it feel, to have my whole fist in you?” he whispered. The dirty talk they
never censured or shied away from. Ryoko loved everything about her sex life with Kakashi.
He was perfect. So that’s exactly what she said.

“You… AHh.. are… perfect… KA-kakashi! OH… I love YOU! Ahh! I… I’m gonna…
OH… GOD… OH!” she arched after one particular thrust and something unexpected
happened. She squirted with Kakashi’s hand still deep in her. Her inner walls fluttered around
him with a wave of the orgasm that washed over her. Ryoko’s leg shivered, there was drool
on her chin. She was in heaven.

Then there was a POP sound when Kakashi extracted his hand. His breathing was ragged.
Eyes staring Ryoko down without blinking. “Did you… just…?”

“Fuck… I… came so hard… fuck…” even her lips trembled. “It was almost like when you
fucked me with that knot of yours…” she admitted. “I… imagined that it was it…”

“Kami… Ryoko… you’re killing me here,” he whined. Then all hell broke loose. The man
could not control his urge any longer. After moving her into a doggy pose, he pushed his hard
penis into her sensitive pussy with haste. His teeth bore into her neck, marking Ryoko as
forever his.

They fucked like there was no tomorrow. Kami, did she miss this feral man. Shinobi
missions, be damned!

━━━━━━━━━━

“BAKASHI! Are you even listening?”



“Hn…” the man grumbled something from his spot by the table at Ichiraku. His head was
resting on the wall behind him.

“Oof, you’re so lazy. How can anyone be that tired after a simple mission to Wave?” Obito
complained. Kakashi was pretty sure that his friend wouldn’t like the answer to that question.
It was a challenge to walk normally today. Kakashi regretted nothing from last night. He felt
blessed.

“So,” Obito cleared his throat. “I heard that Rin is leaving to Kiri…”

“Cool,” the copy nin barely heard anything Obito had to say. His brain was pleasantly numb
just like his body. He was excited about the upcoming Spring…

━━━━━━━━━━

“Sensei, why do we have to do katon jutsu again?” Shikamaru asked as the two of them
practiced in a training field.

“That is your affinity. A simple katon can do a lot of damage,” Ryoko explained. Then she
proceeded to demonstrate just how effective such a technique could be. Before them stood
three stone dummies. Ryoko focused her chakra and completed her seals with one hand.

A burst of flames erupted from her mouth. It was huge. The ball of her fiery chakra made
even the grass around her sizzle. Shikamaru instinctively stepped back. Before she could
release the devastation onto the unsuspecting stone targets, a wave of water appeared
seemingly from thin air.

Ryoko was completely drenched as well as her katon which turned into steam. The woman
angrily looked to the left, where between the trees giggled a tall blue-skinned man.

“Easy, white chocolate, I wouldn’t want you to melt,” Kisame was not at all ashamed to flirt
with her so openly.

“Hn,” Ryoko puffed instead of voicing the curses on the tip of her tongue. She noticed how
the Kiri shinobi’s eyes slowly looked over her form. The wet fabric clung to her curves and
she guessed that that was the man’s goal all along.

“Shikamaru, keep practicing until the stone melts. And I’ll deal with… that,” she said before
approaching the man. With each step, her body heated up until vapor rose from her and when
she finally stood before Kisame, Ryoko was completely dry again.

“What a shame,” the man lamented looking her over again.

“What do you want?” she snapped after folding her arms under her chest. Unintentionally,
Kisame smirked as he approved the action.

“Oh, just some guidance to the Hokage tower.”

“Riiight,” she wasn’t buying it. It wasn’t that hard to spot the tower. The man intentionally
sought her out. “Fine,” Ryoko only said and turned to lead the way.



Kisame easily fell into step with her. “So? Aren’t you curious why I’m here?”

She glanced at him. “Hn. Pray, tell.” Honestly, she was a bit curious.

“Oh, just escorting one of your medics for a long-term exchange program.”

“Hn.”

“Aww, so cold. And here I thought you would burn me with your tongue again,” he smirked.

She ignored his teasing the rest of the way. In the Hokage Tower, Minato greeted them both
with a smile. Ryoko didn’t hurry to leave just yet. Curiosity, be damned.

“Ah, Kisame-san! Welcome to Konoha! And… here is the medic in question,” the blond said
just as the door to his office opened once more. Rin Nobara walked it. Ryoko smiled at her
cheerfully, like they were best friends or something. ANBU in the rafters of the room
shivered.

Medic exchange program my ass… Ryoko thought to herself. Now it was all clear. Kiri, not
discretely, were getting their tailed beast back with the addition of medic-nin training on the
side.

“Take good care of our Rin-chan, Kisame,” she said to the tall man before leaving. Oh, this
was nice. Ryoko didn’t want to admit it, but the girl was annoying. Not because of the things
she said about Ryoko. Oh no. She heard far worse over the years. The annoying part was the
silly girl’s fixation over her man.

“Good riddance,” Ryoko whispered to herself with a smile.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Paku! Paku!”

Both, Kakashi and Ryoko, stared at their son who said his first words clearly. The woman
dropped an accusatory glance towards the little dog between them.

“Little pup is smarter than both of you,” the pug announced.

“No more summons for babysitters,” Ryoko declared in response. Kakashi only nodded in
agreement. Secretly he was proud.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Kakashi… it’s too silent,” Ryoko narrowed her eyes.

The man stood up and went to another room to check on Karu. With a child, silence was
never a good sign. Shortly she heard him curse and that prompted Ryoko to go and check
what was the matter.

She stood in the doorway and just laughed.



Kakashi was struggling to get a shuriken away from Karu, who somehow managed to find
the weapon and seemingly started to play with it by destroying one of the tapestries.

“Don’t just laugh!” Kakashi complained.

“Sorry sorry,” she still snickered, but then her eyes caught Karu’s gaze. “Karu. No. Give the
shuriken back to your daddy.”

With a pout, the weapon was finally released from the chubby hand. Kakashi sighed. “No
damage done,” he also reported after looking over the child.

“Hn. Probably father started to introduce Karu to shinobi things…” she guessed.

“Which one…” Kakashi grumbled under his breath.

“Hn?” she raised an eyebrow.

“Kitten, you have too many shinobi father figures that we leave Karu with. It is hard to say
which one exactly would do that.”

“True,” Ryoko reluctantly had to agree. Over time, Kakashi finally convinced her that there
was in fact more than one fatherly figure hovering over her. It amused Ryoko. It also
strangely warmed her heart.

━━━━━━━━━━

“They all passed,” Ibiki announced as he entered the lounge where jonin senseis waited for
the results of the first stage of the Chunin Exams.

“You’re getting soft,” Ryoko snickered. And she could tell that Kakashi already stood behind
her, silently imposing his dominance in front of Ibiki. She didn’t know why, but the copy-nin
still harbored animosity toward her former lover. Curiously, when Kakashi marked his
territory, she didn’t mind it one bit. Despite how independent and strong Ryoko was, she
liked a man who could stand up for himself. She also secretly, deep deep in her heart, relished
in belonging to Kakashi and only him. At this moment she felt very loved and cherished.

“The feed from the Forest of Death is starting!” Kurenai announced and all of the jonin
turned to watch the wall of monitors that showed live feed.

On one screen, Ryoko spotted bright red hair. Gaara. She hasn’t seen the boy in years. He
looked better. The dark circles around his eyes were almost completely gone. She might just
have to say hello later.

Then another jonin gasped, catching all of their attention. Kakashi glared back at Ibiki.
“Seriously? Who approved of this?”

The tall T&I head smirked. “Oh, Orochimaru-sama volunteered himself. I do have to agree
that there is no one better than a sannin who could put the little ducklings on their toes.”



Ryoko didn’t comment. Silently, she agreed. Her sensei was always an intimidating person.
His reputation reached far and wide across all nations. She watched carefully as his snakes
caused havoc and panic.

“Oh, shut it, Kakashi. Your team will be fine, considering one of them is the snake's spawn,”
Kurenai grumbled. Again, Ryoko had to agree. Of course, none of them knew that Shino
trained with the sannin as well for some time now. She felt pretty good about her team's
chances.

━━━━━━━━━━

When the time of preliminaries arrived, Ryoko nodded with approval to Shikamaru, whose
turn it was to go fight next. Team Eight made a good time getting to the Tower during the
second task. She was proud. Even the fact that Team Seven was first didn’t dampen her
mood.

As they stood on the balcony watching the fight unfold, one small redhead approached her.
Before Ryoko could fully turn to the boy, he already embraced her with a tight hug. The
woman sighed but didn’t push him away. She gently patted his head. “Good to see you again,
Gaara-kun.”

The boy pulled away with a small smile. She didn't like the glint in his eyes. Don’t you dare!
she desperately thought with a frown.

“Mother,” he greeted her cheekily.

She poked him in the forehead. “Brat.”

When the boy rejoined his team, Ryoko received more than one curious glance from other
senseis. “Don’t you even open your mouth,” she hissed at Kakashi, who could barely contain
himself leaning by the wall. Wisely, the man hid his smirking mask-covered face behind the
pages of Icha Icha Paradise.

If their recent sexual explorations hadn’t done it yet, then this little comment by Gaara will
definitely put more thoughts into Kakashi’s family-oriented brain. She was seriously
considering taking a mission away from Konoha during spring now. Another child was not a
prospect she wanted to explore just yet.

━━━━━━━━━━

Hinata’s fight… was interesting. Ryoko watched it fully aware of the likely outcome. Even
after all the training, the girl was nowhere near the level of a prodigy that Neji undoubtedly
was. At least she managed to leave sufficient damage, even blood dripped out of the older
Hyuga’s mouth. Eventually, Hinata forfeited her match as her tenketsu was completely
blocked.

“I guess, this just proves that my team is superior as they all are going to the finals,” Kakashi
commented casually and loud enough for all-around to hear.



Ryoko gave the man a glare worthy of her majestic katon. Other genin nearby leaned into
Team Seven and Eight with concerned whispers. “Why do your sensei’s hate each other?” the
children questioned.

Team Seven stayed silent apart from long sothering exhales. Lowkey, Ryoko guessed that the
three devils enjoyed toying with other children as much as Ryoko and Kakashi did. Their
wedding being as private as it was, kept most of the children blissfully unaware. She noticed
that only Shikamaru gave her and the copy-nin a speculative stare.

Ryoko actually made a bet with Shikaku whether his son could figure the mystery out by
himself. Her pride and shinobi discretion skills were at stake here, so Ryoko intensified her
gaze directed at Kakashi. “We’ll just see about that in the finals, Hatake,” she spat out. Then
she motioned to her students to follow and the four of them left.

“Sensei! Where are we going?” Hinata asked. They thankfully didn’t have a delusion about
going to celebrate just yet, as most kids in their position would.

“Training,” she said curtly. It was time to ramp up. There was only a month left for her to
whip Shikamaru and Shino into an acceptable state.

━━━━━━━━━━

“You two are worse than Gai,” Kurenai shook her head with disapproval.

“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Kakashi made his most innocent smile yet.

“Hn,” Ryoko agreed. So what if Kakashi taught Sasuke the Chidori? So what if she taught
Shikamaru a variation of her bastardized lava jutsu? So what if Kakashi got Jiraiya to teach
Naruto summoning jutsu? So what if Ryoko got Orochimaru to teach Shino the body
modification jutsu version? All was fair in their eyes.

“OH, THIS IS THE MOST YOUTHFUL MOMENT!” Gai cried somewhere in the
background as they watched children fighting below in the arena.

“Sasuke still lost to Rock Lee,” Ryoko added, partly victorious but partly as an accusation
directed at Kakashi’s obviously insufficient training.

“Shikamaru surrendered.”

“He’s wise.”

“Or lazy.”

“Naruto fell to Shino’s poison.”

“And Sai still won against him.”

“And lost against Gaara.”

“...”



Finally, Kakashi had nothing to respond. Gaara was announced the victor of the tournament,
but that meant very little in light of actual promotions. Kakashi leaned next to her ear. Ryoko
guessed that the man, at last, came up with a comeback line.

“Fuck you,” he whispered tenderly.

Ryoko will deny that her cheeks blushed ever so slightly. “Hn.”

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Guys! Only two chapters left! The HYPE is real!

Also, here is Kakashi and Karu ^^




Art Reference

 





Art Reference



Chapter 79: Amen
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ryoko jumped from one tree branch to another with great speed. She hadn’t run like this
probably since the incident with the bounty hunter. Her breathing started to become shallow.
Was she out of shape? No… maybe… just a bit… But Ryoko had been running for hours, so
it was not only the lack of training making her feel the strain full force.

Sweat trickled down her neck, like a traitor leaving her scent behind. Ryoko ignored the
scratches left on her skin from reckless running. There was no time to carefully avoid the
obstacles in front of her. Besides, with the speed she was going, Ryoko would have a hard
time avoiding anything even if she wanted to.

Just a bit more… she told herself. Her goal was up ahead. Ryoko pushed her acing legs to
jump farther, to move faster. She had to escape. She had to win this race. No matter what.
Every nerve ending stood alert within her. Her body, despite everything, was excited. This
was a thrill.

Suddenly a flash of color caught her red eyes! In the distance, Ryoko finally got a glimpse of
the shabby building that was her target. “There!” she whispered victoriously. A few meters
separated the woman from her haven. From her victory.

In no time at all, she raced towards the building hidden in the middle of this forest. Her
landing on the wooden porch was soundless. Her hand reached towards the door handle and
just when her gloved fingertips brushed over the metal, a ferocious beast jumped Ryoko
forcing her to fall harshly onto the hardwood.

“Found you!” he growled in victorious satisfaction.

Ryoko tried to struggle, but it was virtually impossible to get away from the iron grip she
found herself in. “...” she said nothing, unhappy with how things turned out to be. She was so
close!

“Mine,” he growled in her ear. His hot breath fanned over her sweaty skin, making her hair
stand on its ends. She shivered under the animal that pinned her to the ground.

Kami… he’s so sexy right now… she thought involuntarily and sighed. Kakashi finally
descended on her skin like a thirsty man finding his first oasis.

This was his idea. And partially hers too. They both were interested in the thrill a chase
provided. Being competitive in nature, both of them wanted to have the upper hand. Ryoko’s
goal was to reach the Hatake spring house before Kakashi catches her. She almost made it
too… what a shame.



Yet, when Kakashi kissed her like that Ryoko found herself not that upset. The spring did
things to her husband. Things that she enjoyed. She loved feeling wanted. She loved that she
was the only thing on Kakashi’s mind. Maybe this was selfish of her, but Ryoko was always
selfish. So she had no problem enjoying the feral state Kakashi was in.

“AhhH!” she moaned when the man bit down onto her shoulder. If he continues doing that,
there will be a scar left… Surprisingly, Ryoko was tempted to have a scar like that. She
secretly loved every scar Kakashi left on her. They were all like mementos. Proof of their
connection. Evidence that everything was real.

Kakashi brushed her struggles aside like she was nothing more than a child. His hands ripped
away at the seams of her clothing. He was getting impatient.

“We… should… ahh… go… inside..” Ryoko managed to voice just as her intimate skin got
exposed to the outside.

Kakashi let out a dark chuckle. Then his hips snapped forwards and she felt the rough
intrusion rock her world. Ryoko barely managed to stay conscious and heard his satisfied
whisper. “I am already inside!”

“AHH! KA-KAKASHI!” she gasped and arched and moaned. This was it. Her mind was
fading in the sea of pleasure. Her initial goal to be restrained failed miserably. Ryoko didn’t
want to be anywhere else but under Kakashi. Her man was the best…

━━━━━━━━━━

“They’re on a mission together?” Shikamaru arched his eyebrow. Disbelief was evident on
his face.

“Yup,” Sai gave his most innocent smile that only irritated young Nara further.

“But they despise each other! What is the Hokage even thinking? What possible mission
could our senseis do together without killing one another?”

“Oh, it’s…” before Sai could elaborate, Sasuke covered the boy's mouth with a hand.

“Not appropriate,” Sasuke hissed to his teammate. Yes, they were still keeping a secret about
Ryoko and Kakashi from others. Honestly, it was too much fun to observe their friends'
ignorance. Besides, Sasuke didn’t want to lose his bet with Naruto about who will figure out
the truth first.

Naruto perked up and pointed into the distance. “Here they come!” the blond yelled out. All
six of them now looked in the direction Naruto pointed out and just like this, the mystery
about their sensei’s absence was forgotten. The two teams were waiting patiently all this time
by the entrance gate for their new mission.

“Is… is that your boyfriend?” Hinata carefully asked Sai. The dark-haired boy nodded with a
smile, his eyes never leaving the approaching figure of Haku.



“HAHA! I bet he totally won’t survive meeting uncle Orochi!” Naruto’s laugh didn’t last
long. Sasuke’s quick jab effectively chastised the blond into obedience.

“He looks nice,” Hinata too ignored Naruto and spoke with Sai instead. Honestly, she was
rather curious about Sai and Haku. Mostly how they managed to stay close even being so far
apart… A year ago she would not dare to voice a thought like that, but now… “Sai, how do
you stay in touch together? Kiri is far away…”

“My birds can always reach their target,” the pale boy smiled. For some reason, his answer
sounded slightly ominous, but that was just Sai being Sai.

Sasuke glared at the approaching team. He couldn’t figure out how they did it… why was it
so easy for Sai… how did Haku agree to it… why was it them that started dating and not
him?? Subconsciously his eyes drifted towards Naruto. The blond was bouncing in place.
Uchiha could swear that the air was glowing around him…

Right… it’s all that dobe’s fault… he thought.

A few hours passed and Sasuke’s mood did not improve. They somehow managed to guide
the Kiri shinobi without causing trouble, even with Naruto trying his hardest to make a fool
of himself. They showed the Hokage tower, the hospital the inn,... All by the schedule.

Naruto was over the top today especially. Maybe he too was bothered by Sai and Haku being
all sweet and nice together… Shikamaru was of no help either, as the boy was silently
contemplating something else instead of their annoying D-rank mission. Hinata… well she at
least kept up a conversation with other shinobi from Kiri. There was also Shino somewhere
around them, whom Sasuke completely forgot about…

They were all a nuisance! Sasuke couldn’t wait to be done with this mission and the people
around him… Only in another hour did they all part ways.

Sasuke gave a restrained nod to Sai and turned to leave with Naruto. Even if his blond
teammate had a smile on his face, young Uchiha felt that there was something wrong with his
friend today. They walked in silence. It was disturbing!

Finally, Sasuke couldn’t take it any longer and abruptly stopped. “That’s it! What’s going on
with you??”

Big blue eyes stared back at him. “Whaaa… Nothing’s wrong, Sasuke…” Naruto dared to
give him a sheepish smile and it pissed the raven head even more! I swear!... if he dares to
brush the back of his head too… Uchiha cursed. His sharp eyes noticed Naruto slowly raising
his arm…

Don’t you dare!!...

The hand naturally reached its goal. Fingers intertwined with the blond strands.

You fuckin’ liar!...



This was Naruto’s telltale sign that he was lying. Sasuke knew it. What is going on??...
Weren’t they friends? Didn’t Naruto trust him? What was he hiding???...

“Don’t look at me like that!” Naruto whined. Was it a deflection? Sasuke pouted harder. He
naturally crossed his arms over his chest, just like big sister always does. It wasn’t even
something conscious that he did.

“Come oooon, teme, everything’s fiiiine!” Naruto laughed not at all convincing. Sasuke
raised one accusing eyebrow at that. Young Namikaze winced. The next second it looked like
the sunshine that Naruto was deflated into an empty gray cloud. The sudden change startled
Sasuke. His crossed arms loosened.

“What’s wrong?” he asked carefully, voice almost gentle as if anything louder would break
the boy standing in front of him.

“Mom’s not doing great…” a whisper of a voice came from Naruto. The boy was not even
looking at Sasuke now.

“Ahh…” Sasuke managed to utter. Right. Kushina-sama. Naruto’s mother. He heard brother
talking about her. About how she barely survived the Nine Tails Fox attack… about how she
never fully healed… never could be a shinobi again… about how she was supposed to die
that night, just like his Oneesan…

Before the boy knew it, his body moved and the next moment Sasuke blinked, he was already
hugging Naruto. “It will be alright. She will be alright,” Sasuke whispered.

“No… she won’t…” Naruto’s voice broke. The boy's hands clenched onto Sasuke’s back. He
was trembling with grief that finally showed itself to the light of day.

Sasuke bit down on his lip. He wanted to argue, but something in Naruto’s voice prevented
him from saying another word. This was not a joke. This was not an exaggeration. If even the
‘stay-positive-and-never-give-up’ Naruto is like this… that means there really is nothing that
can be done anymore…

“I’m sorry, Naruto…”

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko was back in the village like nothing happened between her and Kakashi. For those
who knew, it looked like a regular couples holiday. For those who didn’t know, it looked like
a mission. For Ryoko and Kakashi it was a week of mind-melting blood boiling body
trembling coupling.

As she walked toward the mission center, Ryoko thought that maybe she should be more
careful now… Remembering the last time, her hand instinctively brushed over her belly.
What were the chances of her getting pregnant again? Itachi’s voice in her head urged Ryoko
to visit a hospital just in case… Hokage already requested her to take an extensive break
too...



She sighed. “After this mission…” the woman whispered to herself. Then she scolded her
expression and approached the three teens waiting outside.

“Good morning, sensei!” Hinata greeted her with a smile. Shino graced Ryoko with his
customary nod, while Shikamaru…

“Hn. Let’s go get our next mission,” she said instead of questioning young Nara’s suspicious
stare. She guessed that the boy was finally putting two and two together.

Ten minutes later Minato let team Eight go with a mission to a local temple. Their goal was
simple - go to the temple, receive a scroll and come back. What could go wrong?

“Sensei, why don’t you like Team Seven?” Shikamaru asked out of the blue as they walked
outside Konoha at a leisurely pace. There was no rush. Sometimes it was even nice to take
your time traveling. Or maybe Ryoko just missed her students and wanted to spend more time
with them…

“Hn? I do not dislike that team. Why would I, when my baby brother is part of it? But I am
competitive,” even thinking about it, Ryoko felt an adrenaline spike in her blood. She wanted
to be the best. A team consisting of Hokage’s son and current Jinchuriki; her brother and
formidable Uchiha; Orochimaru’s spawn and an overall dangerously perceptive individual
was a worthy opponent.

“What about their sensei?” Shikamaru pushed. Did the boy really expect her just to say it
outright? … yes, he probably did, considering her blunt personality. But two can play this
game. Ryoko wondered if Shikamaru would be so bold as to state his guess out loud.

“What about him?” she glanced at the boy, no emotion visible on her face. For a minute they
kept up the eye contact neither voicing the truth. Ryoko raised her eyebrow, challenging
Shikamaru, but the boy turned away. He was still too young and cautious of her. There was
also a matter of pride. He didn’t want to say something for it to turn out to be incorrect.

“The temple is just up the mountain,” Shino announced. There was a bug perched on his
extended finger.

“Hn. Let’s move along,” Ryoko gave a short nod before leading the way up the steep stairs of
the mountainside. As they got closer, the view of the temple got clearer. The group finally
stopped in front of two huge golden doors.

“Wow…” Hinata awed looking over the huge statues lining the doors. They had interesting
poses. As if it were a form of martial arts… Maybe Hyuga found something familiar in them?
It wouldn’t be that strange.

“Sensei… shouldn’t there be guards around or something?” Shikamaru asked. His stance was
laid back, hands behind his head as usual, but ever calculating gaze remained sharp.

“Hinata…” a single word from Ryoko was enough for Hyuga to understand what was asked
of her. The girl easily activated her eyes and looked around.



“There is a commotion going on inside in the east wing,” Hinata’s voice was level and calm
just like it should be. Ryoko was proud that her students didn’t lose their minds in sight of
danger. They have progressed a lot and soon will have their own teams too…

Ryoko sighed. A loud bang got her attention back to the present. Of course, it couldn’t be a
simple mission. Sure, anything that is currently going on would never compare to Team 7’s
abysmal luck, but maybe it started to rub off on Team 8 too.

As they entered through the doors signs of struggle were glaringly apparent. A few monks
were unconscious on the ground. Walls cracked. Windows shattered. And blood. Blood
sprayed all over as if an artist was making a gruesome picture.

A smirk appeared on Ryoko’s face. Well this should be fun!... she thought to herself. Teens
behind her had a similar idea as each one of them said the same thing at the same time:

“DIBS!”

Hinata’s glare at the boys was something! The shy Hyuga heiress was long gone. Shino did
not waver or show any signs of backing down as per usual. Even Shikamaru looked
determined to prove himself despite always complaining about the lack of naps. Ryoko only
laughed at their adorable fight for the right to take on the enemy first.

“Figure out who takes the lead on your own, I will play with the sucker until you do,” and
Ryoko jumped ahead right into the middle of chaos.

━━━━━━━━━━

Asuma grunted from the pain in his right leg. It was a bitch. Who would have thought that an
immortal psycho would barge into their temple “just for fun”??? The man’s vision slowly
faded from the accumulated damage he sustained secondhandedly. He blinked a few times
when a gust of wind followed by a blast appeared before him.

Asuma was pushed back to the ground with the force of the blast. When the man came to it
again, he spotted a bizarre scene that made him question if he hit his head or not. Just in front
of him stood three teens and they were… playing rock, paper, scissors? A little bit further, the
immortal enemy was forced out of his ritualistic circle and now was on the defensive
against… a Konoha shinobi? A glimmer of a familiar headband felt like a twinkle of hope.
“Shit… I am so happy to see backup…” he sighed.

“HA! I WIN! SUCK ON THAT!” Asuma turned to see one of the teens, the girl, more
importantly a Hyuga raise her fist in victory. Did she win a game? Why were they playing in
the first place?

His thoughts were interrupted when the girl moved and… attacked the enemy switching
places with what Asuma guessed was their jonin team leader. With wide eyes, he watched as
the Hyuga girl dominated against the immortal opponent he himself didn’t stand a chance just
a few moments ago!

“You okay?” a cold voice made the man look up.



Ah… an Uchiha… of course… he thought bitterly. Red eyes drilled right into his soul. The
woman looked familiar too. Or maybe it was that all Uchiha looked alike. He nodded
automatically before taking out a fresh cigarette.

“That guy is immortal,” deciding to ignore his bitterness and self-loathing, Asuma proceeded
to share the intel he gathered so far. “He has a strange jutsu that allows him to inflict damage
to his opponent after getting a single drop of their blood.”

“Hn.”

Right. He almost forgot how cold and superior all Uchiha were. He cursed. “Aren’t you
listening to me??!! That kid will get herself killed if you don’t help her!”

Red eyes turned back on him and Asuma instinctively diverted his gaze to the ground in
submission. “She’s a chunin. If she allows a mere scum to injure her she has learned
nothing,” the cold voice stated without an ounce of compassion. “Besides, she is not alone.”

Asuma turned back to the fight and finally noticed that other teens were also joining in on the
fight now. Their teamwork was like a surgical blade moving with a bone-chilling precision.
Just like that, the immortal one was caught in Nara’s shadow possession, and then… bugs!??

Apparently, the last teen was an Aburame. His bugs engulfed the enemy who quickly fell
down from whatever sickening effect the little creatures put upon him. Was this the level of
the current genin batch? Were they all this terrifyingly efficient?

No. Asuma had a feeling that it was all due to their captain's efforts. The Uchiha woman. She
made the little hair on his neck stand up.

“All done, sensei!” the Hyuga girl pranced towards them holding the head of their enemy by
the hair. There was a gentle smile on her lips that made the girl look like a deranged
psychopath.

“Well d…” the Uchiha was about to say when the eyes on the head opened!

“WHAT THE FUCK??? YOU, FUCHING BITCH???? I’LL KILL YOU ALL! LET GO OF
ME! I’LL BITE YOU!”

To the Hyuga's credit, she didn’t right away drop the head, only stopped in her tracks with
surprise. Even the Uchiha woman looked mildly shocked.

“Well then… Sensei will be getting an early birthday gift,” the woman said and smiled for the
first time.

What the fuck is happening?...

Asuma felt like the world was moving around him, but he was frozen in time. The ultimate
battle ended in a blink. All his hard efforts of training over the years meant zero. The enemy
turned out to be indeed immortal. And the Uchiha… it turned out to be the one person he
never wanted to meet again.



And because life truly hated him, Asuma was now traveling with Team 8, as he learned, back
to Konoha. That was the order he got from the Hokage - to personally deliver the temple's
scroll back to the Village Hidden in the Leaves.

“Jeez, I thought that kids these days were more like bats flying in the dark without an
echolocation,” he grumbled to himself after messing his hair one more time from frustration.
These kids were full-fledged shinobi that could rival any jonin. A scary thought. Very scary.

Yet, maybe it was just his memory, that was frozen in time, while the world outside the
temple changed and grew without his knowledge. Asuma sighed once more and jumped on
another branch to not fall behind the teens racing ahead of him.

“Sensei, is this really our last mission as a team?” Shikamaru Nara asked over his shoulder.
Calculating eyes already knowing the answer.

“Hn. You are all chunin now. You will have to lead your own teams,” Ryoko Uchiha said as a
matter of fact, but the look in the boy's eyes told Asuma that there might be some other things
going on behind the shadows.

With trepidation Asuma neared the village he vowed never to return to. He couldn’t even
start guessing what awaited him there.

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

Soo... I've been procrastinating with this chapter ;D Maybe I too do not want for this
story to end but the time has come to tie everything up :)



I struggled with this chapter for months, so I hope it is not too bad and disjointed.
Hopefully, the last one won't be as troubling :)



P.S. If anyone is wondering why Hidan was defeated so easily, I have a few main ideas
why. First, because it is Ryoko's team ofc. Second, I think that Kakuzu actually had a big
influence on Hidan making the guy smarter in some ways. Third, Hidan most likely
underestimated a teen girl charging at him also not being aware of shadow jutsu and
SHino is always OP. SO that is that.



Chapter 80: Death &amp; Life
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ryoko stepped out of sensei’s lab with a small smile playing on her lips. It was rather
entertaining to see Orochimaru explain in detail how he can and would mutilate a body and
use every part of it to a very unbothered-looking young kid from Kiri with Sai by his side. A
cute couple of teens, she thought to herself. Hopefully, Haku won’t be so easily intimidated.

“Why is it always you who finds the most bothersome enemies?”

She turned to see an exasperated Kakashi looking at her. He probably just found out about
her last mission and came to check on her. Either from Minato or someone from the Hokage’s
guards. Those little snitches…

“Can you really call an enemy bothersome if my team was enough to take him down?” she
shrugged nonchalantly but was still rather pleased to see Kakashi care for her. He didn’t have
to of course, but it felt nice.

The man looked to the sky. Maybe praying for patience or other nonsense. Or maybe just
feeling overly dramatic. They walked side by side, their hands brushing one other once in a
while in the most casual manner.

“So, did Orochimaru-sama like your bounty?”

Ryoko shrugged. “He didn’t have time to check just yet. He was too busy threatening Sai-
kun’s suiter.”

Kakashi whined again. “I swear… those boys… they are seriously starting to pair up
early…” the man lamented.

“Ah, the springtime of youth!” Ryoko chuckled as this mere phrase was enough to make
Kakashi flinch and discreetly look around for a potential green blob in their vicinity.

“I heard Asuma returned too…” he added after a short pause.

“Hn. There is a get-together happening to welcome him back and we are going there.”

“Since when are you so social?” Kakashi had every right to be suspicious. Not often did
Ryoko join shinobi social meetings of her own volition. And they were already walking
towards the bar district of the village.

There was only one reason why Ryoko was bothering to spend her evening with others
instead of returning home to Karu and Kakashi - politics. Whether she liked it or not, a Kage
has to be liked by their subjects. If she wanted to have their loyalty in the future, she had to
keep up with the tentative bonds she somehow managed to create with others.



“Asuma-san looked rather uncomfortable around me,” she decided to say. “Might as well
officially and publicly bury the proverbial kunai.”

Shortly, the pair reached their destination. The shinobi bar was buzzing with people from
their generation. Ryoko sat down first while Kakashi was getting their drinks.

“AH! HERE YOU ARE!” a joyous voice proclaimed.

“Gai,” she nodded to the taijutsu master who approached her table with none other than
Asuma by his side. Smart move on Asuma’s part - it was the safest bet to tag along with the
friendliest and most positive person in the whole Konoha to get reintroduced to everyone
without sacrificing his own pride.

Two men sat down on the other side of the table, drinks in hand. Asuma still looked awkward
around her, thankfully, there was Gai to break the ice. “Lady Hatake, I heard your young
team is sprouting their wings and ranked up recently?”

Ryoko ignored Asuma who was choking on his drink. “Hn. They will start working towards
their own careers now.”

“AH! Yes, they grow up so fast!” Gai brushed off a tear from his eye.

“Emm… sorry, Gai, did you just call her Hatake?” Asuma finally regained his breath and
asked. Before the man could respond, Kakashi effortlessly took his place next to Ryoko, two
glasses in his hands left on the table.

“Yes, he did,” the man responded to Asuma instead of Gai, with a smirk just barely visible
over his mask. One hand was now possessively draped over Ryoko’s shoulders.

Asuma blinked with a dumbfounded expression. It took Gai a few sentences to explain the
current state of affairs to the poor man. He still glanced at the couple with disbelief as if it
was the most outrageous thing for her and Kakashi to be married with a child. Or maybe it
was odd considering how socially inept they both were.

Finally, the man spoke again. “Kakashi… I know I asked you to keep an eye on Ryoko-san,
but you didn’t have to go this far…”

Ryoko gave a glance to her husband. She didn’t know that. Why would Asuma ever do such
a thing? Ask someone to look out for her? The Audacity! Her temper flared for a second
before it was expertly banished to the depths of her mind palace. One day... one day when
Asuma will feel safe and content, she will give him a mission that will serve as her revenge
for the silly assumption.

Kakashi shrugged next to her. “What can I say? I am very thorough and good at everything I
do,” it was a joke, but not a joke at the same time. Kakashi was a genius, nobody would
refute that fact. And to further put Asuma in an awkward position, her man decided to nuzzle
into her neck in an unusual level of public display of affection for them.



Gai was not bothered at all. “Ah, so you finally decided to stop keeping a low profile?” he
asked. Ryoko had a feeling that the man was only looking for permission to publicly gush
over her and Kakashi. It was as if, Gai was more excited about them being together than
Kakashi or Ryoko themselves.

“Hn. My kids are finally catching on to what is going on. Shikamaru has almost gathered his
courage to ask me head-on about Kakashi.”

“Mmm, you are so hot when you try to act as if I am not affecting you…” Kakashi whispered
to her ear. He was right. Even if her face was calm and emotionless like always, her pulse
already picked up just a bit from the man’s closeness. She wanted to fuck him badly. Kami,
he was the best and the worst.

Ryoko decided to ignore him and focused on the conversation around them instead.

━━━━━━━━━━

She couldn’t delay it any further. Ryoko was sure that things were repeating themselves. The
urges. The odd chakra flow. Only this time, she was more certain of what she wanted to do.
That is why Ryoko went to the hospital of her own free will.

“Come in,” her brother's voice called from the other side of the door she knocked on.

“Big brother,” Ryoko greeted with a warm smile. The two of them have been through a lot of
hard times together. Their relationship now was stronger than ever. Very little regret was left
in Ryoko’s mind for ignoring Itachi the first time around…

“What brings you here, Koko?” he put away the documents that he was working on and
looked up at Ryoko. Itachi’s full attention directed at her. Those deep dark eyes pierced her.
He was amazing, really. Ryoko honestly admired her strong and intelligent brother. Any
hesitation was forgotten.

“Hn. Could you do a medical check on me?”

Instantly Itachi was beside her. His eyebrows pinched in concern and hands glowing calm
green of medical ninjutsu. Ryoko closed her eyes to avoid that annoying look on his face. The
worst part was, that she knew for a fact that her brother will only get worse in his
overprotectiveness if her medical condition is confirmed.

“Oh,” he whispered finally, Itachi’s hands hovering over her abdomen “Oh.”

Ryoko’s eyes snapped impatiently. What did that second exclamation even mean? She raised
a questioning eyebrow. After giving another minute of unflinching poker face, Itachi finally
allowed a small smile to spread on his face.

“Congratulations, sister. It’s twins,” he announced.

“Oh,” now it was Ryoko’s turn to be surprised. Not only was she pregnant again, despite the
abominable Hatake luck for breeding, but she is now expecting twins! Her mind raced just
imagining how people will start coddling her again. A shiver went down her spine.



Wait a minute… this… this actually might be to my advantage!... with twins and Karu I can
say my duty as a wife is done and can focus on being a shinobi full time!!... Yes, it all
sounded very logical in her brain. With three children no one will complain about her
deciding to be a Hokage instead of ‘birthing heirs’.

Itachi looked at her with a fond expression. Maybe because he misunderstood the excitement
in her eyes. “Now, take a seat. I will explain to you your new regiment,” he left no room for
debate. Ryoko’s plans would have to wait, first, she will have to survive Itachi’s smothering
brotherly love.

━━━━━━━━━━

“KAMUI SQUAD ASSEMBLE!”

“Shut up, Obito,” Kakashi was exasperated and yet his voice barely had any bite to it. How
could he really be upset on a day like this? No. No, he could not. “What am I even doing
here? I’d rather be home right now…” and wasn’t that an understatement of the year. Every
fiber of his being pulled Kakashi towards his pack which was not here.

Yet, here he was, sitting on a block in Kamui dimension. With a cheerful-looking Itachi and
Shisui seated in front of him. When all he wanted was to look after Ryoko and Karu. Maybe
he could ask Jiraiya or Orochimaru to place a protective barrier around her?

“Oh, stop obsessing, Bakashi! I can see that look in your and Itachi’s eyes! The least I can do
is to give my lovely cousin a break from you all, hopeless overprotectors,” Obito scoffed.

“Says the one, who fo…” Kakashi’s mouth was promptly covered by Obito’s hand to stop the
man from revealing one of his biggest failures at stalking Ryoko to ‘protect’ her. Naturally,
such an attempt did not end well, when Ryoko caught him in the act.

“Hahaha!” Uchiha laughed nervously. “Enough of that! We are here to celebrate!”

“Congratulations, Kakashi,” Itachi said to him then.

He wanted to say that such words were not necessary but didn’t. From the other man's
perspective, child conception was a joy and even a miracle. For Kakashi, it was something
even more than that. Having another member to their family felt simply right. Like it was
meant to be. Like it was a simple law of life. The sky was blue. Shinobi used chakra. Ryoko
had his children.

He simply nodded in thanks to Itachi. Personally, he was looking forward to the future where
he could raise his pack in peace. Kakashi was not delusional to think that Ryoko would settle
after having their children. That role was reserved for him, no matter how odd other high-
ranking shinobi thought of it.

People lamented the loss of his shinobi career. Yet Kakashi didn’t care and announced his
retirement as soon as Ryoko shared her news. All he wanted was to see Ryoko achieve her
goal. Actually, they already talked in great detail about her future plans. Talked about what



steps to take. Prepared for what was about to come. He supported her in earnest and thus,
accepted congratulations and put away his headband for good.

Today he was simply Hatake Kakashi. A husband and a father. He couldn’t ask for more.

“CHEERS!” they all said and raised their glasses.

━━━━━━━━━━

“Are you sure this is her address, Shikamaru?”

“Troublesome…” the boy only muttered as his lazy eyes gazed upon the Hatake clan crest on
the wall. Sure, he had his suspicions for a while now, but the realization of just how blind he
was for so long still stung his ego.

Three teens stood before the compound gates gathering their courage. They decided to finally
confront their sensei. Which involved a convoluted break-in into Shikaku’s office, decoding
of classified personnel files, mental preparation, and scouting of their targets.

Finally, Team 8 was ready. Shikamaru admired and feared Ryoko in equal measures. She was
a constant presence while he was growing up. There even was this one picture of them both
sleeping in a shade of a tree. Too bad that Ryoko-sensei seemed to be impervious to
blackmail. Either way, he was pissed that she managed to hide something like this from him!

If Shikamaru was honest with himself, he would admit that the anger was actually meant for
himself. How could he be a genius and overall prodigy when it came to figuring things out if
he missed such an obvious thing right in front of his nose?

His thoughts were interrupted when Shino nonchalantly stepped forward and knocked on the
door of the main-looking house in the compound. Secretly the three of them were prepared to
defend themselves at a moment's notice, knowing very well of their sensei’s spontaneous
tendencies to teach them of ‘constant vigilance!’.

There was no sound or noise for a while. They didn’t dare to ask Hinata to use her eyes.
Kami knows what Ryoko-sensei would do for such rudeness. Then suddenly the door opened.
Shikamaru’s eyes widened. Hinata next to him sucked in a gulp of air. Shino stilled alongside
his bugs.

In front of the teens stood a mini copy of Kakashi Hatake! White gravity-defying hair, lazy
expression. Except for the eyes. The eyes were black like the night. And another thing
missing was the mask. Otherwise, the little boy had an uncanny resemblance to the jonin.

“Mommy, it’s for you,” mini Kakashi said, barely turning his little head back towards the
inside of the home.

“Mommy?” Shikamaru mouthed to Hinata, an incredulous look on his face settling in.

His teammate shrugged. “Maybe she faked the address?” Hyuga guessed. It would be very
much like their sensei to pull a prank like this on them. Spread some rumors, then fake her
address to anger Kakashi Hatake with their visit instead.



“Karu, you shouldn’t be opening the doors without me,” a very familiar voice reached them
all from the shadows. Shortly the owner of said voice emerged. It was of course their sensei.
Tall and cold and imperial and powerful as she always was.

The woman reached down to scoop apparently her child into her arms. The little boy nuzzled
closer to Ryoko’s chest, completely content in his current position. While Shimaru struggled
to keep his mouth shut and eventually failed.

“What the hell, sensei?” he said almost rhetorically. The situation itself was pretty clear.
Sensei was involved with Team 7 sensei, Kakashi Hatake. Involved, as in most likely
married. And with a child. So their public rivalry was nothing more than just that - rivalry. In
the back of his mind, Shikamaru wondered how did Naruto manage to keep this a secret?
Surely, the blond had to have known…

Ryoko’s response was a small tilt of her head and a step to the side, without words inviting
her students inside. Teens somehow regained their senses and after a minute were seated in a
surprisingly cozy kitchen.

“So, it took you a while,” sensei finally spoke as she one-handedly poured tea into four cups,
all while still holding the little boy in her other arm. To see her in such a domestic setting was
weird for Shikamaru. It felt like a poor genjutsu.

“This was a test, wasn’t it?” Hinata was the one to voice Shikamaru's conclusion aloud.

“Hn,” meaning ‘Yes it was. I am glad you finally figured it out even though it took you
longer than I expected. I am not angry, just slightly disappointed. I expected more of my own
students. Alas, it is what it is. At least you did manage it in the end.’

Shikamaru let out a groan and his head thumped on the table surface. “This is so unfair…” he
mumbled lamenting the hours he spent deciphering the puzzle that was their sensei to find
out something as obvious as this. Of course, their sensei had a personal life. Of course she
had a family. Sensei was always keen on sharing any shinobi relevant information, so if
sensei decided to hide something from them, it had to be personal.

“It appears that we have to be even more diligent. Why? Because information is key.”

Shikamaru ignored Shino’s comment. Something else struck his mind as the information
settled. Suddenly, he lifted his head and narrowed his eyes at Ryoko. “You… you allowed us
to figure this out… You could have kept up the act for far longer! But why…” by now
Shikamaru was thinking out loud until he came to a conclusion. “Sensei, are you disbanding
Team 8?” he asked carefully.

“Hn.”

That was response enough. Neither of the teens exclaimed or protested. Maybe deep down in
their guts, they all knew about it. Subconsciously it made sense. Shikamaru’s silence was due
to his mind working to come up with a reason for their sensei’s decision. Them being chunin
was not good enough. There had to be more to it.



Ryoko took pity on them and elaborated after a long pause. “Itachi decided to ban me from
active duty for the next eight months or so.”

“OH!” Hinata was the first to voice out her reaction. A smile bloomed on Hyuga’s face.
“Congratulations, sensei!”

“Hn,” Ryoko inclined her head in thanks.

“But… after that… you will be back, sensei?” Shikamaru tried again, completely ignoring
the fact that Ryoko and Kakashi were apparently very active in their personal life.

Over the years he grew somewhat attached to Ryoko. It always felt like there was much more
to learn from her. She was one of few people that didn’t bore him. He really didn’t want to
take orders from other jonin. At least sensei always appreciated his input, despite his age and
level of experience.

“Hmmm. After, I do expect to have a change in my occupation,” her response was no less
mysterious than everything else she did. Shikamaru considered what exactly it could mean.
Surely, she will not be a stay-at-home mother. That was not even an option based on
everything he knew about sensei.

That only left a change in professional career. Being a shinobi, a jonin at that didn’t leave
many avenues to grow… What else was there? ANBU would fit Ryoko-sensei, but he was
pretty sure that she already worked there before based on the hand signs he noticed her use to
communicate with some of the masked shinobi around the village.

Shikamaru frowned. “Troublesome…” He could already see where this was going and he
didn’t like it! Not because he thought that sensei couldn’t be a great Hokage. Oh no, he
acknowledged that she would be perfect for the job. No, what bothered him was the
implication that sensei would take full advantage of her position to make his life a living
paperwork hell.

The boy could already see himself in his father's position. Shikaku would gladly use the
chance to give work to him as well. “I’m too young for this,” he whined, banging his head on
the table. So long cloud watching and hello responsibilities.

He could hear sensei chuckling at his misery.

━━━━━━━━━━

Time moved slowly for Ryoko, who was now bound to the village. Dear precious Itachi
pulled no stops in hovering over her this time. As if he wanted to compensate for the last time
when they were apart during her pregnancy.

Thankfully, at least one of her brothers was more reasonable - Tendou. The precious child
was clever, just like his siblings, so the boy knew exactly what to do to cheer her up. He
asked to be trained by her and Ryoko agreed.



Mother and father, no longer burdened by the clan duties, spend their full undivided attention
on their grandchildren. Ryoko was happy that they did not obsess over her at least, so she
gladly pushed her Karu to the ‘wolves’, so to say.

Even Kakashi wasn’t as bad as Itachi. He knew her well enough to hide his concern and not
smother her with it. She was so thankful to him for that.

Overall, her family was all warm smiles and affection. It was weird, but nothing she couldn’t
persevere.

Then there was Minato. As agreed, courtesy of Itachi going behind her back, she was once
again the blond's assistant. He confessed about Kushina’s deteriorating health. He admitted to
wanting to put away the hat and focus on his children instead. That worked for her just fine.

When the day came, it was all gray and gloomy as befitted a funeral. Ryoko stood just behind
Kakashi, with Karu’s hand in hers. Her belly was obvious of her six-month term. She didn’t
feel sad about Kushina’s death. For her, it means another step closer to her goal.

She didn’t voice her thoughts, of course. As the death didn’t phase her, what did affect her
was Kakashi’s sorrow. She gave her man space and time to feel his emotions. To show his
respects to the mother figure of his life.

Curiously, her little brother was in a similar position. She spotted Sasuke’s calm face next to
Naruto, whose hand he was tightly holding for support. Adorable. This was the first time the
two publicly showed their affection.

Minato looked resigned, devastated while holding his other child.

Well, she probably would be the same if something happened to Kakashi…

And then life moved on as it does. Sun rose and set. Shinobi continued with their missions.
Time went on without stopping to give them a break. Sooner, rather than later, Ryoko found
herself in the hospital with Kabuto and Itachi in her room.

“Sister, it is time.”

“Hn,” until now Ryoko was forced to pace around to induce her childbirth. Finally, she was
allowed to stop. There were not many words exchanged, or many emotions at all shared
between them.

Kabuto and Itachi were professionals, Kabuto having the honor to help her with this for the
second time. Ryoko didn’t complain either. She felt greater pain before. She had Karu in a
temple, for Kami’s sake. Nothing could phase her now.

It took hours for the ordeal to be finished. Ryoko mostly kept her mind on the future and
what awaited her after this. She was curious to see her children, she wasn’t heartless, she did
feel love towards her flesh and blood. But she also was completely done with being off duty.

Finally, as Ryoko rested in her bed, sweaty and mildly tired, body pleasantly numb, two
bundles were given to her arms. Kakashi entered with Karu. His sharingan eye was open,



drinking in the sight of her.

“Kitten,” he said with eternal fondness that still made her blush.

“Alright, twins, meet your father and brother now,” she said instead to divert the attention
from her to the newborns instead. One boy and one girl. Silver and black puffs of hair on
their crowns. Distinct black and gray eyes. Like light and shadow. Perfect mixtures of their
parents with identical face structures.

Three children was three more than she expected for her own future, but here she was. With a
family of her own, much like the one, she grew up with. Ryoko watched as Karu curiously
reached to touch his siblings. Familiar manic devotion blooming in his Uchiha eyes. Her
Kakashi, already fully bonded with the new additions to the family, looked content.

Ryoko closed her eyes and relaxed. This was her final rest before she made the necessary
steps to reach her goal. She gave herself two months to take over. No. One month. I will be a
Hokage one month from now!...

━━━━━━━━━━

Kakashi stood in a crowd of people gathered for the inauguration ceremony. Karu was tightly
holding on to his left hand, while his other arm was firmly gripping onto the twin's stroller.
Three kids proved to be as much work as an A-rank jonin mission. Just look away for a
second and one of them would be up to no good.

“When is mommy coming?” Karu asked.

“Soon,” he sent a smile to his darling son. The boy grew fast, as one would expect of
someone of his lineage. Yet, when it came to Ryoko, Karu would be like any other child
missing his mother. And wasn’t it a relief, that his son could have a proper childhood. Seeing
him safe and happy made all his life's work for Konoha worth it.

“Kakashi,” the familiar voice of Fugaku greeted him.

Kakashi bowed his head in greeting. The old man didn’t even notice as he already was
crouching to coddle his grandson. No clan head could resist that adorable face of his son,
after all.

As Kakashi looked around the crowd, he spotted many friends around him. Especially
Uchiha. Not far stood Obito with his wife. There was also Gai with his team. Itachi stood
closer to his mother and wife, with his own child firmly in his arms. Tendou looked aloof and
carefree in contrast to his serious brother. There were many clan heads with their families too.

One person Kakashi missed in the crowd - Shisui, but he guessed that the boy was
somewhere on the tower with a mask doing his actual job.

The man continued to look around as his gray eye searched for his students. Ah, here they
were. Together as always. Sasuke stood close to Naruto. He couldn’t see but guessed that the
boys were holding hands. Sai and Haku were next to them and Kakashi spotted Orochimaru-



sama with his partner beside the boys. The pair looked like they just stepped off a tapestry
with all their ethereal glory.

Seeing all these faces Kakashi was struck that all of them were connected now, days of solace
left behind. They all were his family now in one way or another. Somedays, such a thought
was too much. Today, his heart felt only mildly overwhelmed with feelings. Because today
was not about him.

Today was about her.

“... and I present to you, your Fifth Hokage!” Minato’s voice brought Kakashi back from his
thoughts. The man didn’t even notice when the ceremony started. He looked up to watch with
everyone as she stepped to the edge of the Hokage tower.

“Ryoko Uchiha!” Minato announced stepping aside. His sensei looked like a burden was
taken off his shoulders. He looked relieved and happy for the first time in months. Kakashi
was happy for the man.

Next to Kakashi, Fugaku gasped and cursed in quick succession. With effort, he took his eyes
away from the gorgeous being that was his wife, to look at her father and what caused his
distress.

“Kakashi, please tell me that is not a Gunbai I am seeing in her hand,” the man said to him.

Kakashi raised one eyebrow, feeling entirely out of the loop. He looked up again. Yes, that
was indeed Ryoko with a Gunbai. He said as much to Fugaku, who cursed again and started
to rub his temples. Uchiha all around trembled.

“Is there a problem?” he asked with small concern.

“That is Madara’s gunbai!” the old man responded. There was resignation in the tired voice.
Like the last hope in taming Ryoko just left his body in that one breath.

“Oh,” was all Kakashi could say to that. “Well. If that makes any difference, she has had it
for a while now?” he offered, eyes crinkling to his trademark annoying smile. Now that he
was alert, Kakashi noticed other Uchiha having similar strong reactions. Some were shocked,
some resigned, some with stars in their eyes. Curiously, Itachi had a fond smile on his lips
like this was something he expected from his sister.

Other shinobi seemed none the wiser as they clapped and cheered for Ryoko.

“Ahh… That’s why she stopped pestering me for a gunbai,” Fugaku commented. The man
was exasperated, but accepting in the end as he had no other choice when it came to Ryoko.

“Hn. She does get what she wants,” Kakashi agreed.

“Hn.”

“Hn.”



Kami… she looks good in that hat… Kakashi thought to himself. Too bad that she won’t
agree to more children anytime soon… As the man’s mind drifted to the gutter, he barely
contained his chuckle.

“Mommy’s the best!” Karu proclaimed.

“Yes, she is, son. Yes, she is…”

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko looked around her new office a few hours after her debut. She felt accomplished. Her
life work was done, so what now? Before she could think too much, a familiar chakra
approached. Without a knock, he entered, to none of the hidden ANBU’s protest. At this
point, guards were more of a formality than served an actual purpose.

She smirked and waved her hand to dismiss the masked shinobi. There was only one masked
man she wanted to see now and he stood in front of her, a teasing smirk hidden from the light
of day behind the dark fabric.

“Hokage-sama,” he greeted her with a textbook bow, clearly not a man to be intimidated by
their different current status.

“Kakashi Hatake. To what do I owe the pleasure of your company?” she indulged his playful
act of a subordinate and boss.

“Children are with their grandparents now…” he alluded, his posture relaxed from a first
glance, but there was tension. The right kind of tension. Oh, she was starting to like where
this was going.

“And?” she quirked one delicate eyebrow.

“May I speak freely, Hokage-sama?”

“You may,” she said resting her butt on the edge of her oak desk.

Kakashi advanced closer. “That hat should be banned by law.”

“Oh? Why is that?”

“Because,” with each step, he got closer to Ryoko like a predator getting ready to pounce on
his victim. “It is criminal how alluring you look in it.”

Shortly his hands rested on both sides of Ryoko, effectively caging her in place. Kakashi
looked hungry. She reached her hand to cup his face. Her mouth felt dry. Her heart skipped a
beat from the tension between them.

“Can… we leave my mask on?” the man whispered.

To that, a smile appeared on her lips. Her hand moved towards his silver hair, to tug his head
back in a show of dominance. “That’s not what I wanted to take off either way,” she breathed



out. Her other hand reached for the belt of his pants.

Surely, the security seals of the Hokage office should not be used in this way, but Ryoko was
sure that every village leader before her, had to once or twice have indulged in the same way
as her now. She didn’t feel any guilt activating them just so she could be fucked by Kakashi
on the oak table in peace.

Celebration of her new position? Check.

━━━━━━━━━━

Ryoko stood tall in front of the windows of her new office. Heavy gaze fell on her village
from under the wide white hat. She skipped wearing the traditional kage robe, though. It was
too bothersome, but the hat… wearing it she felt reminiscent of the Paris-style Dior summer
hats she so loved.

The woman sighed. Her past life rarely came up to her mind these days. No, even over the
past years she thought about it less and less. Now, however, as she had the power to enforce
change, Ryoko contemplated. As much as she loved the shinobi world, it lacked
technological advancements. Advancements she decided to carefully implement. With her
knowledge, Konoha will rise to never before seen heights of superiority!

“Come in,” she said loud enough before the person behind her doors even raised their hand to
knock.

“Hokage-sama,” the silky voice of her sensei greeted the woman as the man entered the
room. Just on time.

“Orochimaru-sensei,” she turned to greet him with a small smirk. ANBU in the rafters
shuddered. Her expression was very familiar to the hidden operatives. Ryoko would smile
like that often when working as Minato’s assistant. Right before she stirred up age-old
traditions to bring headache and order not necessarily in that order.

“Hoooo,” snake sannin grinned wider, eyes knowing. There was excitement sparkling in the
gold irises.

Ryoko waved her hand to dismiss ANBU. Not a moment later the highest level security
barrier was activated as she sat down behind her desk, the same one Kakashi bend her over a
few days ago, and motioned to the chair in front of her desk for her sensei. He raised one
eyebrow but didn’t otherwise question her secrecy.

This was it. The end and a beginning. There was a special reason she chose Orochimaru from
everyone in Konoha. He would understand, she knew.

“Orochimaru,” she started, the use of his name instead of a title or a moniker significant. It
was a show of respect and closeness. “If not for you, I would not be here,” she raised her
hand before he could interrupt. She could see the man wanting to protest. “If you hadn’t
taken me as a student. If you had given up on me, I would not be here. I have you to thank for



reaching this goal of mine,” she bowed her head slightly to mark just how sincere her words
were.

Then she continued, a mischievous smile making a second appearance on her face. “And to
show you my gratitude, I will give you one thing I know is of most importance to you,” a
dramatic pause. “Knowledge. I do not know what you will gain from it. Were it closure,
inspiration, or something else entirely. But I know you. I know that you will find it
interesting.”

“Oh?” he was at full attention now.

“Orochimaru. I have lived before. I lived, I died and I was born again here,” she watched in
amusement as her sensei’s eyes narrowed instead of widening as any other person’s would.
He knew that she wouldn’t lie or joke around about this topic. This was something very
personal to Orochimaru. She wouldn't dare to mock his hopes and dreams like this.

Ryoko continued on. “Yet, where I come from is very different from Elemental nations. It is a
world, where there is no chakra, no jutsu, no shinobi. But there is technology. Ha, it’s actually
laughable how primitive the technology is here,” she chuckled. “Yet it doesn’t have to be. I
will bring that technology to life here. With your help.”

Quickly as lightning, he caught on to her idea. “So, I will be your sssscapegoat? You will
feed me ideas, and conceptssss and I will bring them to light as my own?”

“Precisely.” That’s why she loved Orochimaru. He was not a man one could easily disturb.
He took her words as true and took her scheme for the opportunity it was. Ever the innovator
and scientist.

“Oh, this explainssss soooo much about you,” he then sniggered, mouth covered elegantly
with one of his hands.

“Now then. For the second part of our meeting…” Ryoko turned her head and watched as
Jiraiya slammed into the barrier that covered her open window. Yes, she sensed him arriving.
Yes, she could have disabled the barrier in time. But Orochimaru's delighted laugh was worth
the grumbling complaints she will receive later.

“What the hell?” Jiraiya grumbled rubbing his nose when the barrier was finally down and he
was allowed entry.

“Good entertainment is so hard to find these days,” she shrugged nonchalantly. With a spark
of her chakra, ANBU were back in place just before a knock on her door announced the
arrival of the final part to her current plan.

“Enter,” she said to one very puzzled-looking Minato.

“Need assistance so soon, Ryoko-chan?” the blond joked goodnaturedly after exchanging
greetings with other occupants of the room.



“Hn. I actually have a mission for the three of you. Nothing major,” the smile on her would
beg to differ. “But we are waiting for the last two people this matter is about.”

Minato looked contemplative. He probably already sensed who exactly was walking towards
the office and if he knew her well enough and if his genius had not dwindled away, he could
probably guess what exactly Ryoko planned on addressing today. As her first real test as the
Fifth Hokage.

Two minutes later all parties stood before her, except Orochimaru, who observed the show
while still comfortably seated.

“Thank you for joining us today, Hyuga-sama,” Ryoko greeted the stoic man. Hinata, who
came with her father, took place on Ryoko’s left in a show of where exactly the girl's loyalties
currently stood. There was a smirk on the young heiress's lips. A vindictive and triumphant
one that Ryoko was proud of.

“Hokage-sama,” the man said without a bow. Hiashi almost sounded respectful as he greeted
her. Oh, but he will learn soon enough to show her the respect she deserves. One way or the
other.

Ryoko smiled. ANBU shivered. Orochimaru’s smirk widened. Minato, closed his eyes barely
preventing his hand from rubbing calming circles on his temples. Jiraiya tried not to stare at
Hinata’s or Ryoko’s… assets.

“Let’s talk about slavery in Konoha, shall we?”

━━━━━━━━━━

Chapter End Notes

It is done, my dears! The story has finally reached its end!

It was my honor and privilege to have shared it with you all. Thank you all for the
support, comments, and ideas along the way. Also, apologies for the long time it took
me to complete it, because of my procrastination.



What now?

- if I missed to tie anything in this story, please let me know and it might just be
addressed in the omakes

- I do have a prequel in works: "WwMd? - Prequel - Bloodlines". It will be about
Ryoko's previous life as Hannibal Lecter's daughter. How she lived and died.

- I also have an idea for an AU with Ryoko character: "What would Brother do?". For a
while, I had this inspiration for a short soulmates story. Being a big fan of LOTR and
Thranduil I could not resist to birth it in my mind.



P.S. There is some great fanart of Ryoko! Please check it out: Deviant Art - CallmePIA 




My personal fav:









Other inspirational art for my work found on internet:












Cherry in his glory <3






P.P.S. Any and all fanart/ fanwork is always welcome! Please do share <3 <3



P.P.P.S. For those who are interested here is my: DISCORD.



Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!