Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Where the hell are the Worms?
 Thread starterPassingBy  Start dateOct 23, 2025  Tagsaccidental gang lord action au chaos gacha oni original character plot and porn strongest worm
Where the hell are the Worms? (Chaos Gacha)
Created
Oct 23, 2025
Status
Incomplete
Watchers
6,714
Recent readers
0
Threadmarks
34
So turns out that there is an afterlife. And assholes can chuck you off them in the name of adventure when all you wanted was to chill.

Or; In which I turned into a Hentai Oni in a Grimderp World

Good lord, why won't anyone leave me alone!
Threadmarks Index Appendix Extras
Statistics (23 threadmarks, 140k words)
Threadmarks
Reader mode RSS 
Prologue: I got kicked out of the Afterlife
Words 3.3k
Oct 23, 2025
Chapter 1: I fell from heaven and it hurt like a bitch
Words 2.6k
Oct 23, 2025
Interlude 5: The Dictator and his Subjects
Words 6.3k
Jun 3, 2026
Chapter 16: Setting the guns to the wall - Preamble: Rachel
Words 6.4k
Jun 11, 2026
Interlude 6: He doesn't want to die! - Preamble: Samuel
Words 10k
Jul 11, 2026
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Appendix
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Prologue: I got kicked out of the Afterlife
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Oct 23, 2025
Add bookmark
#1
Dying wasn't so painful.

I grew up on the streets of Salvador — ironic name for such a rotten place. Never knew my parents. The ones who looked after me were just other kids, huddled together in little groups, trying to survive. As I grew, every day was a trial of survival where you fight to get scraps, just enough to keep yourself alive. I still remember the day those vendors caught me stealing fresh pork; the beating hurt more than anything I ever felt.

Dying was less painful.

To stay alive, I ran with the other street rats on their outings. There was strength in numbers, even if we didn't like one another. Outside of our camps, we could only trust each other; no chance of betrayal, but once we went back to our safehouses, it was different. One night, they'd smile at you, the next they'd try to stick a shiv in your ribs just to steal your bread. Took me a while to learn that lesson. After that, I stopped trusting anyone at all.

It hurt — not being able to trust.

Dying was much less painful.

The evolution that followed was obvious; you can't find work without any type of education, and you especially can't find any type of work without documents of identification, at least not honest work. With no trades so to speak but bashing in heads, that meant there was only one road left to walk for me.

Gangs. If you wanted food and a roof, you needed to belong to someone.

So, I stole more food to get stronger. Fought more to get tougher. Watched everyone to get smarter.

Fighting for my place hurt.

Dying was easier.

In the end, turned out I had a real knack for breaking skulls, good enough to rise fast through the ranks and become a regular enforcer of the boss. Money, food, women — they threw it all my way to keep me leashed. Their guard dog to be sent wherever they pointed.

I didn't care about money. Didn't care about women either. All I knew was fighting. So I fought, because I didn't know what else to do. I didn't know at that time, but that scared people, and before I knew it there was no one who was willing to be at my side. Every time I reached out, I got burned.

Their fear hurt.

Dying hurt less.

The jobs got worse. Kill one man. Then ten. Then a hundred. Just kill, kill, kill.

I stopped counting after a certain point, or maybe I stopped counting even before I joined them? I don't remember anymore.

I don't like that. I never liked that.

Killing hurt more than dying. And before I knew it, it stopped hurting at all.

I should've died as a kid when those vendors beat me half to death. But I lived, and grew stronger — and the next time I saw them, I made sure they didn't.

I should've died when that bullet tore through my gut. But I lived, healed, and grew stronger, soon tracking down the bastards and wiping them out of the earth.

I should've died when that knife went through my eye. But I didn't. Once more, my cursed life seemed to hang on by a thread, and so I lived, hunted the one who did it, and paid him back in kind.

I should've died a hundred times over.

But I didn't, and each brush with death made me a little faster, a little stronger, a little sharper. And before I knew it, there didn't seem to be anyone who could oppose us in the little slice of heaven that was Salvador. I was hailed as the greatest of our Gang, as the shining star that made all of this possible.

I was seen as the Strongest.

I was alone, for no one was my equal, and all those below me only saw a monster who killed his way to the top.

All of them, too scared to even oppose me.

And then, finally, someone did.

I don't know who. Don't care either.

I saw a glint in the distance, a telltale sign of a sniper. I could have probably thrown myself off the sofa, and I could have definitely fought back.

I would have won; I have no doubt of that.

But I didn't move. Even as the bullet tore through my head, all I could think was—

Finally.

I lived, I fought, I bled, I died — over and over again. All of that I did to stay alive, to keep my life.

I wonder if I was ever happy with it.

What a stupid question, the answer is obvious. It's why I didn't move.

And so, I finally died.

And honestly, it's pretty good. The silence, the reflection, the absolute peace of this space made of nothing.

Yeah, I'm finally at peace-

[Compatible User has been found.]​

What.

[~CHAOS GACHA~ has been initiated.]​

Chaos… what now?

[3x Random Gold Gacha Tickets have been received for Initial Build]​

The words don't make sense. Chaos Gacha? Tickets? Initial build?

Why the hell are the letters in different colors—how do I even know they're in color? I'm not seeing anything. There's nothing in front of me.

Except somehow, I'm seeing something my eyes can't see.

[User confusion detected. Automatic rolls initiated:]​

Wait, what-?

[Oni]
|Epic Trait|
Race Change - Allows you to transform into an Oni, either partially or fully. As a partially deployed Oni, you stand at a height of two meters, and covered in muscles, a sharp horn has sprouted from the middle of your forehead, your sclera is black as the night, and pupils are red like blood. Your stats are enhanced to equal those of ten strong men and gain a minor healing factor, strong enough to stop bleeding and heal shallow cuts. At a full transformation, you now stand at three meters, with deep red skin, two horns, and dense muscles that look made up of steel. Your assets, be it curves, cock, or both, will become massive. Your stats are further enhanced to those of twenty men, and you heal fast enough for wounds to close at a visible rate; your body recharges its energy from none to full in a few minutes of rest. Drinking alcohol increases strength, willpower, endurance, and regeneration.​

My body feels wrong.

I feel strong, stronger than I ever felt before, I feel strong enough to lift cars and start juggling them for fun.

I'm so thirsty, I feel like I can drink enough beer to drown a small village.

What the hell is going on?

[Lucky Sukebe]
|Uncommon Trait|
You are a lucky fellow alright, just in ways you wouldn't expect. You often stumble into lucky perverted or lewd situations. The chaos of all infinity and eternity is distilled into an ability to affect the composition of all of reality itself and it makes you more likely to find a girl changing. Amazing.​

…huh?!

[Expert Kama Sutra]
|Elite Skill|
You are an expert in the carnal, being intimately familiar with picking up signs of arousal and pleasuring your partners in bed. Unless your partner is completely frigid, no one will leave your bed unsatisfied, your skill in bed is unmatched by most. If you were given magic you could probably create Eromancy.​

Something is wrong with my head.

I shouldn't know this. Don't get me wrong, while I wasn't a virgin - the bosses made sure of that - I sure as fuck did not have enough experience to proclaim myself a master of the arts.

Except now I had. I know how to get anyone's engine going, I know the weak points of both the male and female body, I suddenly know how to read a person's arousal, how to build it, twist it, make it explode like fireworks.

All because some glowing text said I could.

Am I looking at God? Is this what God looks like?

I never cared much for religion, it never helped on the streets, so I simply threw it away. But I had no bad opinion on those who would dedicate their lives to faith, in fact, I would even say I respect them, living in such a shit place yet still stubbornly holding on to belief. Takes strength to believe in something when the world gives you nothing.

Now I'm wondering if perhaps I should have dedicated myself just a little bit towards that same belief.

Well, probably not. I ain't Christian, but as far as I knew, there was no precedent of God turning someone into a demon, so probably not big G.

No, wait, Oni are not demons.

...How do I know that? It's like a gut feeling, buried deep inside me, at the very centre of my immortal soul.

Wait, since when can I feel my damn soul? And how do I know without a shadow of a doubt that it is, in fact, my soul?

Actually, looking around, it kind of makes sense. There's nothing here—no body, no ground, just a weird space that's not actually space, since it doesn't exist. It's pretty easy to 'look' at myself, empty and endless. Guess that's what a soul looks like in a vacuum.

A bit jarring, since I never believed in the spiritual as well, but shit man, proof is in front of me, I might as well swallow it.

Still, it's hard to take seriously that, for some reason, I've now got an ability that makes me more likely to trip into lewd situations.

Not that it matters.

I'm dead, after all.

[Would the User like to roll for CURSES?]​

In my mind's eye, a vast wheel appeared — covered in numbers, each radiating a sick, nauseating feeling. A lever shimmered beside it, waiting for me to pull.

Curses? Why the hell would I ever do that? The word's in red, all caps — might as well have a neon sign saying bad idea.

[Depending on the severity of the CURSES, the User will gain equivalent TICKETS]​

Ah. That actually makes sense.

It reminded me of the gambling circles back home. Easy trick — "We'll lend you a few bucks so you can keep playing! Maybe you'll win big this time!" It kept the suckers coming back, hooked deep before they even realized it.

This Chaos thing doesn't seem all that diff—

…huh.

An idea just hit me.

And it sounds uber funny, if it actually works.

I've got nothing better to do, anyway, and hopefully it will leave me alone after this.

[The User has decided to roll for CURSES]

[Slow Slots]
|Severity 12|
Your ability cooldowns have gone from a 5-minute cooldown to a 1-hour cooldown. Once you swap an ability slot, you must wait at least 1 hour to change that ability slot again.
|Resolve: Acquire at least 5 speed boosting abilities, items, or traits. |


[1x Random Gold Gacha Ticket has been received]​

I simply hum. It's not such a jump that if there are gold tickets, then there are probably bronze and silver tickets as well. Maybe I'll see them if I roll a lower curse.

[The User has decided to roll for CURSES]

{?}

[Cursed Remix]
|Severity 12|
The world you are going to is different from the one you remember, not so much that the flow of fate is completely changed, but enough to make your life harder. Maybe some people have different parents, more monster varieties exist, some people aren't dead, some people are, who knows? There might be more beneficial changes for you, but they are definitely more than balanced out by the bad.
|Resolve: No resolve, one and done deal|​

I don't wait for the letters to tell what I gained. My hand's already on the metaphysical lever again, spinning the wheel.

[Weakness of Metal]
|Severity 9|
"From the moment I understood the weakness of metal, it disgusted me. I craved the ever-changing nature of flesh." Your body naturally and violently rejects any augmentations and implants you try to add to it. Even adding a metal tooth would cause your flesh and body to reject it violently.
|Resolve: Acquire 3 or more augment items from the gacha, or acquire 3 or more traits that contradict the curse|

{What are you-}​

A chuckle slips out before I can stop it.

[Disease]
|Severity 19|
You have the fabled anime death disease that keeps killing all of those overpowered characters, causing you to be weaker and reducing your energy levels. Over time, this disease will keep getting worse and worse until you can find some way to treat it. You probably don't even have a full year
|Resolve: Get treated with a Legendary or higher healing/curing ability or roll a trait that cures your disease|

{This isn't what you're-!}​

I can't help it. I cackle. The sound echoes in the void as I yank the lever again. The nothingness around me starts to twist, ripple — something's pushing through the boundaries that hold this pocket together. I don't even turn to look.

[Celebrity]

{Stop!}​

I simply spun the wheel.

[Excommunicated]

{Listen to me!}​

Spin.

[Snooze]

{If you continue-!}​

Spin again

At this point I didn't even wait for the wheel to stop; I just grabbed the lever and pulled it the second it reset. And somewhere behind all this, I can feel it — the presence sending these messages — panicking.

I can feel the curses sinking into me. My body, my soul, whatever I am here — breaking, decaying, rotting, healing, shattering again. The cycle repeats with every pull. Pain and madness blur together until I can't tell which is which.

Through it all, I couldn't stop laughing. And I still couldn't tell which is which.

You see, there was a limit on how much a gambler could get a loan from the house, and I guess it's something that exists everywhere. Because if he can just keep taking and keep playing, it stands to reason that at a certain point, he will have enough to pay back with interest.

This thing?

It didn't tell me there are any limits to how many times I can roll curses; then, shouldn't it stand to reason that I can infinitely do this until I get all the Tickets I need?

Something tried to force itself into my head — a titanic power I couldn't begin to name, something so far out of my league that my earlier comparison to God suddenly felt embarrassingly modest.

I keep laughing.

So what?

My entire life had been fighting above my weight class. I'll just keep doing what I want. There is nothing left for me in life, and now whatever had the audacity to invite itself into my afterlife tried to shackle me once more without my input?

It better learn the cost of their actions.

Before that power could touch me, a breath before it brushed my soul, it stopped.

Because the wheel broke into a million tiny pieces.

[ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR!]​

Damn, this shit was loud, the red flashing lights also threatened to make me blind.

And I still couldn't stop laughing.

What a stupid thing, this Chaos wheel. Didn't it know basic lending rules? You set limits on loans, you idiot machine. That's how this racket works.

I calmed down into a chuckle and shook my head.

Hopefully it wouldn't bother me anymore. I can go back to just chilling in the silence of the afterlife.

Then a little notification ring — and I gave the closest thing to an eye-roll that a soul without a body could give.

{Well Played}

[FEAT: User has broken the Wheel of Curses, something that should normally be impossible, thanks to a combination of placement and madness. The User has shown himself to be perfect for the Chaos Gacha.
1x Random Divine Gacha Ticket]​

Dear god, piss off.

Heh, God.

Anyways, haven't you learned your lesson? I'm not interested in whatever mumbo jumbo you've got going; I just want to relax here.

{Well, I'm a bit peeved, so fuck you, Cheater}​

Huh?

There wasn't time for a comeback, because the titanic power slammed back, and before I could even respond, it circled around my entire existence, and threw me off against the walls of nothingness.

A kaleidoscope of the materium passed through my eyes, too fast to identify anything, too alien to even comprehend what I was looking at. The edges of my soul frayed and burned as that attrition chewed against the void.

The pocket dimension made up of nothingness disappeared into the distance. The force currently holding me was taking me even further away at speeds that I knew were impossible.

Also, did this bitch just kick me out of my crib?!

My thoughts were cut off as I watched a world unfold.

Two entities spiral through space, past stars and planets alike. Their parts shift between dimensions. Approaching a world, one I recognize as Earth, they shatter into hundreds of millions of pieces into millions of Earths. The shattered pieces, shards of the entities, take root on empty Earths before bonding with humans. Humans at their lowest, would go on to learn through conflict. Through this, they would advance the entity.

Something went wrong with their cycle this time. A mistake causes the more intelligent of the entities to crash into a planet where it is, not long after, put down. The entity's shards remain in the hands of those who wish the death of the other entity, but things are not so easy. Even with all the parahumans, those bonded with the entities' shards, working in perfect unison, humanity would stand no chance against the remaining entity in a fight.

All of this information flowed through me before I could even blink, names of people, of places, of battles each passing through my soul and leaving before I could even understand what they meant.

An incomplete story of a world where humanity tries to kill a god.

Man, and I thought my old world was bad.

There wasn't time to think more. I smashed into the dimensional barrier between realities, and it gave way, dissolving into millions of stardust.

The last thing I heard was a sharp ding.

[All Life Eradication Fist]
|Divine Skill|
One Punch Man - The pinnacle of all martial arts, the fusion of the mastery of dozens of supernatural martial arts and the knowledge granted by god, you are able to manipulate the flow of cosmic and all forms of energy with your martial arts and are able to replicate almost any known phenomenon. You must be sufficiently physically strong to be able to utilize this skill in any meaningful capacity.​

Huh, is this what the kids call a McGuffin?



A/N: My first time posting anything in QQ, so yeah. This fic was mostly strung together after rolling the first three Tickets and gaining Oni/Sukebe/Kama Sutra in a row while idling about in the Choas Gacha website. I thought it would make for an interesting fic. I rolled for world, and Worm came up. So let's have some fucking fun lewding all these Worms!
Last edited: Apr 23, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, EvilSmirk, Dwooly and 1,517 others
PassingBy
Oct 23, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 1: I fell from heaven and it hurt like a bitch
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Oct 23, 2025
Add bookmark
#11
I'd seen pictures of Earth from space before. They always looked edited, like I was looking at something unreal, because deep down, I couldn't understand that the world we lived in could ever be so beautiful.

No, I refused to understand it, because then it would mean that with its unbridled beauty, hope also blossomed, hope of a better place, with better people, with a brighter future.

And I had been terrified of it. So afraid of letting any of those thoughts emerge, lest they be buried beneath the piles of shit that kept being thrown my way.

I was so afraid of letting anything good in after being burned, that I closed my eyes and shut my ears off anything that could even point towards hope.

What a fool I am.

I guess dying makes your mind a little more open.

Flying through space was weird, especially since I could breathe just fine. What occupied a majority of my attention was the all-encompassing beauty of Earth.

The sun was shining across half of it, golden light spilling over clouds and continents, the other half, the dark side shimmered with the lights of cities — tiny constellations mapped across the surface. In that brief moment, I could have sworn the world itself breathed with life.

Yeah. It really was beautiful.

Even with its people. Even with its history. None of that changed the fact that the world's nature was that of a masterpiece.

Heh. Death truly does open your eyes.

…Wait. Shouldn't I be slowing down by now?

Hold up. Wait wait wait wait! I'm about to hit the atmosphere at Mach holy shit! Ease off the pedal, dammit!

As if responding to my thoughts, whatever was pushing me decided to speed up.

A scream ripped out of my throat as invisible hands slammed me forward.

Then I felt it — gravity dragging me down, air tearing at my skin, pressure trying to crush me like a tin can.

"Oi, you asshole! If you're gonna send me to another world, at least make the trip painless!"

Fuuuuck, this is a deep pain.

A brief moment later, into my re-entry, I was on fire.

Oh cool, it gets worse.

Unbidden, something deep inside me stirred. Power I never knew burst forward, laughter, ancient and wild, rolling through my soul, and with-it energy that fed onto my body, giving me the strength to push against the pressure that threatened to collapse me.

My skin turned gray with streaks of red pulsing beneath it. Muscles bulged, clothes shredded, then disintegrated in the flames. My body grew in height, skin stretching in unnatural ways that didn't even hurt, now standing a solid two meters without problem. Did my nails just get sharper? Also, I feel like my teeth could tear through meat easily.

A brief discomfort, before a single sharp horn came out of my forehead, piercing the skin and cutting off the flesh to show its bloody glory with a wet crack.

The pain dulled, replaced by raw power. My partially deployed Oni form soaked up the pressure like it was nothing. Now it just felt like I was riding a motorcycle through hellfire at terminal velocity.

The flames still burned, though. My healing factor struggled to keep up, trying its best at sealing anything below skin level, but muscle and nerves still screamed. The smell of my own burning flesh was not pleasant. It was also a losing battle, as it couldn't keep up with the rate that my layers of tissue were evaporating.

…and I'm now passing through clouds-

Ouch, ouch, ouch, holy shit, why do they hurt? It feels like a thousand needles just tried to pierce through my body.

A second later, I broke through. I wasn't even wet, but at the same time it seemed to have smothered the fire away, now my skin only smoking. Silver lining.

Being on fire sucked. Closest thing I'd ever felt was getting branded by those bastards back home, and even that didn't come close. That? That was like being a Thanksgiving turkey left in the oven overnight.

The ground was getting closer — fast. I could see a city sprawling by the coast. The state of the city was something I was intimately familiar with, one side rich enough to not have trash on the streets, while the other seemed to be a constant brown from dirt and shit.

Ah, how nostalgic, it's just like back home.

"…oh, you've gotta be kidding me."

Brockton Bay.

From those weird, fragmented memories — probably from slamming headfirst into the narrative — I was pretty sure ninety percent of the story happened here. Figures.

What luck.

"Not! I know this is your doing, you cosmic bastard!"

Since the thing still hadn't introduced itself, I decided to give it a name.

"Fine, screw it. You're Bob."

The flames instantly flared hotter, and I screamed through clenched teeth.

"Yeah, yeah, I feel that! You don't like the name, huh? Well, too bad! I ain't taking it back, because I'm not a bitch! Go fuck yourself, Bob!"

{…}
[Cursed Remix]
|Severity 2|
The world you are going to is different from the one you remember, not so much that the flow of fate is completely changed, but enough to make your life weirder. Created by the ENTITY directly to synergise with your current GIFTS. This world is exactly the same as the one you know, except for one difference. Webserial à Anime.
For some reason, it seems like all characters are more expressive. And everyone suddenly shot up to three full ranks on the Hotness Scale! If before they were a solid five, now they're an eight!
|Resolve: No resolve, one and done deal|​

The words flashed too fast for me to read — but somehow, I knew exactly what each one meant anyway. It was like someone was shoving information straight into my brain without asking for permission.

Mid-fall, I froze in the air for a second, brain stuttering as the meaning sank in.

"Wait—Anime?"

A long pause.

"As in… Goku?"

That thought barely had time to exist before gravity remembered I was still falling.

Well, whatever, not like I'm going to-

{Just from observing you for a few minutes, your future behavior has become painfully predictable. Therefore...}

[Curse of Interesting Times]
|Severity 18|
A specialized curse designed for those who'd rather sit out the story than take part in it. The User is now permanently bound to the "active plot area." Attempts to leave the zone of narrative relevance will fail — unless external forces tied to the plot physically move the User elsewhere, in which case the curse will automatically relocate them back to the nearest point of story significance.
Additionally, this curse greatly increases the likelihood of the User stumbling into "interesting situations," and of encountering key individuals central to ongoing events.
|Resolve: Complete the Narrative.|


{Here, have a pity coupon}

[1x Random Gold Gacha Ticket has been received]
​
Just like before, the words flash too fast to read, yet I comprehend them perfectly.

I slammed through the roof of a warehouse by the docks, the words from whatever cosmic pop-up still echoing in my head.

"I'll fucking kill yoooooooo—!"

The rest was swallowed by the explosion of my landing.

It was pretty big.

People were screaming.

Blinking my eyes open, I had that brief, empty-headed moment where your brain just blue-screens. What the hell just happened again?

Then it hit me, and my body shot upright before I even realized it.

Holy crap. That felt smooth.

Right — super ultra martial arts package deal. Comes with a lifetime supply of random combat knowledge, footwork techniques, and "ancient esoteric forms" that sound like they were made up by drunk monks. I'm convinced that Half of it shouldn't even work, even as I felt it in my soul that I knew how to make each and every single one of them work.

Focus, Sammy. People.

Dust hung thick in the air. I could see moonlight pouring through the massive hole I'd just made in the metal roof thanks to my explosive landing.

Speaking of, I checked my body — surprisingly intact. No broken bones, no shattered limbs. For a fall from orbit, that's a miracle. Sure, my Oni form's durable, but I'm not supposed to be this durable. In this form, my healing factor's good enough to stop wounds from getting worse, and heal minor damage, but not "ignore terminal velocity" good.

My partial transformation does have a healing factor, but unless I go full throttle, I don't think I could regenerate fast enough to not show any damage.

Which means…

Bob probably did something. The cosmic bastard.

Huh? What's that? He 'saved' my puny self from dying in a splash of red? Who gives a shit. He yanked me out of my eternal nap, and that's all the reason I need to hate his ethereal, tentacled ass.

By the time I was done having a very reasonable argument with myself, the dust had started to settle.

Ah. People. Very scared people. Also, cages, lots of cages, but they all seemed empty.

Some were coughing, others clutching small cuts and bruises — probably courtesy of my dramatic entrance. I caught the copper tang of blood in the air, my senses somehow sharp enough to pick up on the blood dripping down these people.

Thankfully, it didn't smell like anyone had actually died. That's good. Killing someone thirty seconds into a new world would make for terrible first impressions.

Then I noticed all the guns.

All of them trembling.

All of them pointed at me.

Let's add this together. People wearing the same colour, all of them with guns, together in a warehouse filled with cages.

…shit, did I just crash into a gang dog-fighting ring?

Funny thing, that was the second thing I noticed, the first being that all of them are white, which is very weird, back home even when we dealt with gangs outside our borders there was always at least a mix in their rank.

It was mildly surprisingly to see what looked like a gang with only white members.

And no, that's not racist — I'm black.

…or maybe it is racist because I'm black?

Thoughts for later.

"I'd like to start by saying I have no idea where I am," I announced, my voice coming out lower and rougher than expected.

My voice is much more growly than I expected it to be, somewhere between my normal tone and a gravel grinder. Guess having a neck thick enough to stop a truck will do that.

Right, I still look like an Oni. Should I drop the transformation? Though given that I vaguely remember some information about secret identities being a huge thing here, probably not.

Didn't have time to decide — a voice cut through the tense silence.

"I doubt that," the voice growled, sharp and metallic, like nails dragged across steel. It was a hint lighter than yours, but that wasn't saying much. "Considering where you crashed. A cape like you should know the stakes by now, right?"

I did not like that voice.

The guy who stepped forward was big — not "gym rat big," but "probably could wrestle a wolf" type of big. Shirtless, hairy, and gleaming with sweat. Long greasy blond hair, skin marred with a few scars and nicks, and both arms tattooed — one with an "E88," the other with a wolf sitting on a damn swastika. The metal wolf mask covering his face completed the image.

Hookwolf.

The name slammed into my brain like a half-forgotten memory I'd never had, words that were scorched into my existence when I came with my cosmic deportation notice seemed to come alive for a scant few seconds.

A member of a Neo-Nazi – and wasn't that just a mind blower? Also explained why there was no one of color around here – gang, once a pit fighter, still a murderer, and now elevated to a great soldier of the cause.

"Well," I said, dusting myself off, "just point me to the exit and I'll leave." I keep a note as words of information pass through my mind, both incoherent and without context, but painting a limited picture.

"Oh yeah? Sure thing. You go left, then straight out the do—NOT!" His voice went from sarcastic calm to feral in half a second. "You got some fucking nerve, making a crater in my ring and thinking you get to walk out before I get my licks in." His arms began to twitch, muscles bulging unnaturally under the skin.

Right, powers were a thing in this world.

A second later, metal tore through his flesh — blades, hooks, spikes — like a smoothie of metal trying to escape the murderous blender.

Can shift into a shifting mass of metal hooks, blades, and other weapons. Can use energy to generate more metal. Can recycle metal to conserve energy. Can take ridiculous amount of damage before certain death.

"Eyo," I said, squinting. "That's gay." Also, how am I speaking English? The only language I ever spoke was Portuguese, and even that was mostly broken cause I rarely ever talked with people.

Everything stopped for a second.

The gang members looked between us, terrified and confused. One of them whispered, "Our boss isn't gay. He's just… manly."

I blinked. "He's shirtless."

"That doesn't mean he's gay," another shouted. "Just a nudist!"

I stared at them. They stared back.

Hookwolf's eye behind the mask twitched.

"I'll drag your entrails across the docks," he said flatly, his eyes betrayed that from how they shone with fury.

"Me or him?" I made sure to point directly at the guy who called him an exhibitionist. Yeah, I snitched.

"Yes." Fair enough.

The gang collectively took three steps back.

"You only have yourself to blame, little vigilante, trying to play hero before realising you bit off more than you can chew." Oh? Seems like he can still talk even without a mouth made of organic material.

And now he was fully transformed — a swirling storm of hooks and blades, spinning and screeching like a living meat grinder with anger issues. In only a few moments he was almost on top of me, a whirlwind of steel ready to shred me to bits.

Cool, how do I defeat him?

Target the core.

Hmm, if the words of the cosmic books are to be trusted, then I'm looking at one of the heavy hitters of Brockton Bay. From what the memories flew through my mind told me, he was strong enough to hold his own against four different heavy hitters in the parahuman circle, could survive being on the receiving end of a kaiju, and still find enough time to yell slurs.

Perfect.

He'd make a good benchmark.

I could feel the power pulsing under my skin, begging to be unleashed — the Oni within ready to tear and roar. I didn't even need to go all out. Partial deployment would be enough to test the waters.

No All-Rending Fist either. That'd end things too fast and would defeat the purpose of this little experiment.

Back in my old one, I was the top dog; this isn't pride talking, but facts. After surviving for so long, there were maybe three people at the top of my head who could make me break a sweat.

Now, in this new one where powers are thrown into the equation. There are people walking around who are invincible, literal monsters tearing the world to bits, and a half-hearted god playing hero.

I needed to know where I stood on this scale.

Limiting myself to a partial Oni transformation would make this fight pretty difficult.

Huh? If I would lose?

Nah.

I'd win.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, EvilSmirk, Dwooly and 1,417 others
PassingBy
Oct 23, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 2: Thrashing the metal puppy
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Oct 23, 2025
Add bookmark
#23
The fastest human speed ever recorded was 45 km/h - No idea how much in miles for the cheeseburger munchers – something completely unprecedented. It was theorised by many to have been the peak of human potential.

A new record will only appear when humanity evolves to have four legs, said one of the scientists.

Parahumans, it seems, didn't care about limits.

With no windup of any kind, Hookwolf launched himself across the air, closing the distance in the blink of an eye. His animated body, now a writhing mass of serrated metal, ignored every law of physics that applied to normal flesh.

He was fast. Faster than anyone I've ever seen. Most likely faster than anyone from my old world.

I was faster.

The use of my new power was instinctual, with startling familiarity that was ingrained in this form I never had. It felt less like something put on my soul just minutes ago, and more like an old rhythm I'd just fallen back into.

I twisted sideways as his claws sliced through the space I'd been standing in. The wind pressure alone shredded the air, the tips grazing the edge of my burnt sleeve before he smashed into the warehouse wall. The metal screamed as it bent inward, sending shrapnel and dust raining down.

He didn't stop. Hookwolf bounced off the wall like a bullet ricocheting off steel, his arm elongating mid-flight into a gleaming scythe that came down toward me.

I met it halfway — open palm first.

The blade bit deep into my hand, hot pain flashing up my arm. I ignored it, fingers snapping shut around the limb like a vice.

Hmm, it passed my flesh fairly easily, but seemed to have a greater problem going through my bones. Which made sense, ten times durability in muscles and skin was a good improvement, but ten times in bone durability was another story. Far from unbreakable, but he wouldn't get past it without serious effort.

"AAARGH!" Hookwolf's voice was a distorted snarl — part fury, part surprise, all a horrible mix of growling metal.

I yanked hard, swung him overhead like a flail, and slammed him into the concrete with a thunderous CRACK. The shockwave rattled the rafters; a few cages clattered free and crashed to the floor.

This form is insane; he must have weighed about half a car, and I was able to toss him around like a particularly heavy mutt.

Weird fitting analogy given his preferred form.

I leapt backward just as the metal limb in my grip exploded outward — an eruption of jagged blades slicing through the air. Shards whistled past, burying themselves in the floor and walls, leaving deep gouges in the steel.

Hmm, can't close my fist right now, the ligaments connected to my fingers seem to have been shredded.

Oh? The bleeding already stopped; this'll prove to be a good test to see how fast I heal in this form.

Hookwolf laughed — a sound like chains being dragged over gravel. "You're strong!" he rasped, voice bending with manic excitement.

"I know."

The simplicity of my answer seemed to throw him off for a heartbeat. Then I blurred forward, feet slamming into the floor, leaving cracks in the concrete. My fist shot out, meeting a hastily formed wall of blades, his laughter returning as we made contact.

BOOM!

The impact sent him skidding backward, gouging trenches across the ground. The metal warped, dented inward, before splintering off in chunks.

Hookwolf howled with laughter. "Yes! That's more like it!"

The broken pieces of metal fell away, melting back into his swirling body as new blades took their place. Though curiously, some pieces weren't recycled back, a limitation perhaps. Still, in less than a few seconds, he was back to pristine condition.

Alright. So 'ridiculous durability' wasn't an exaggeration.

He lunged again, flooding the arena with spinning tendrils of hooked steel. The air filled with sparks as his claws tore through the dog cages around us, sending metal bars clattering everywhere. I ducked behind one half-collapsed cage, used it as cover — then grabbed it, muscles bulging, and hurled it straight into his chest.

It hit with a crunch, the cage folding like paper before Hookwolf shredded it apart with a roar.

It bought me a second.

It was all I needed to vanish from his sightline – darting low, feet sliding across the dusty floor – before appearing behind him, heel driving into the spinning mass of his back.

The blow made him shout in surprise, launching him away. I carefully studied his regenerating form while plans cycled through my head.

I was a touch faster.

Stronger, too.

But Hookwolf was literally a tank of rusty knives ready to give me tetanus. He was much more durable with his metal body and regenerative nature, which made him able to damage me much more easily.

The knuckles of the fist I struck with were bleeding from the razor-sharp spikes they hit, because his body was basically a rotating meat grinder on a mission to be a massive pain in the ass.

"Hey," he rasped suddenly, voice grinding like metal on stone. "What's your name?"

That gave me pause.

I tilted my head, brushing some dust off my shoulder, carefully making sure the tattered remains of my shirt didn't break off. "You asking for my social security or the stage name kind of deal?"

Hookwolf chuckled, low and sharp. "Don't care what your mom called you. I want the name you fight under."

Ah. Cape name. Right.

I hummed, flexing my fingers, letting my half-healed knuckles crack.

The first name I've been given was by the children I ran with, simply calling me 'Taco' since I always carried a metal bat with me.

It translates to Club. The nickname stuck.

It was only later in my life, when I was twelve and officially joined the Bonde do Maluco, that I was given a name to call my own. It was a very precious moment of my old life, one of the few shining moments I remember.

Yeah, it's slowly coming to my mind, but cape names are apparently a massive thing, aren't they? They shape the perception of others about you; it was as much a name as a statement of what you were.

A title of your existence.

And somewhere in the back of my skull, deep beneath the human thoughts, the Oni stirred.

The laughter came back again, this time louder.

A whisper crawled up my spine.

To be an Oni is to be a Calamity.

The words came out before I even thought them through.

"Ura-dōji," I said.

Cool.

I had no fucking clue what that meant.

It was like a mixture of context, while at the same time missing the wider picture. I knew that was the name of my form, I also knew it came about because of being in Brockton Bay, but I had no clue what it translated into.

Hookwolf paused, then threw his head back and laughed — a wild, metallic roar. The metal wolf turning slightly humanoid to show the semblance of the man below, "Finally! Lung's too boring to fight, and Oni-Lee's just unsatisfying. Finally, someone with fire in their gut!"

What? Why was he lumping me with-

Oh, Asians.

Right, race wars. That's a thing here.

Fun.

Wait, so I'm being taken at face value as being asian by a white supremacist, when in actuality, I'm black?

This sounds like the start of a bad joke.

Also, is Lung boring to fight? Isn't he supposed to be a never-ending power scaler or something? You'd think that would be right up this maniac's alley.

Oh, it's boring because he knows he'll lose. Hookwolf can't kill Lung fast enough before he revamps too high, and at that point, there is nothing he can do to bring him down.

It's so weird having this sudden knowledge in your head without any context, like, what do you mean revamps too high? How do I know the threshold?

Man, I need to have a sit-down after this.

Ignorant of my internal debate, he stepped closer, the blades on his arms spinning slowly. His metal body rippled as it shifted back toward something vaguely animalistic. "A brutal fight where we put everything on the line — that's the only kind worth having!"

"Yeah, fun for you." I lifted an eyebrow. "I'm still kind of lost, you know. New city, haven't even figured where the red light—"

"At this point," Hookwolf interrupted, grin audible even through the metal, "that doesn't matter."

He did raise a good point.

The air hummed as his blades began to move again — faster this time.

It didn't matter.

We both charged. He folded toward a lupine stance, returning to his preferred form, keeping his feet planted like an anchor this time so he wouldn't be thrown around.

His wolf head snapped forward, sharp teeth bared. I slid beneath him, planted a kick into a foreleg—felt the impact, felt the metal shudder—but it reformed before it could cost him mobility. Minimal damage, as was expected.

Below him now, I rolled away just as his stomach lashed down like a spear. I kicked off the concrete, flipped into a headstand, and launched my feet into his flank. Once more, my flesh tore into his metal.

A brief clang, a shower of sparks. He staggered from the blow but not by much.

Expected minimal damage, fading away as more metal took its place. Pieces were recycled, but not all of them; some fell to the floor if too damaged.

I ducked, wrapped the momentum into a spin, and slapped aside a secondary stabbing hook with my nearly-useless left hand. It twitched

Feeling is starting to return to the tips of my fingers. Regeneration truly is nice to have, slow but steady. A few nights of sleep would probably get me back in perfect shape.

Around us, the warehouse was dying. Rafter by rafter, the old place sighed and gave up. Dust roared in plumes, a fluorescent lamp shattered and stung sparks into the fight, liquid light falling and shining between us. Steel trusses bent and sagged, while small chunks of the ceiling had already slammed to the floor. The place was falling apart from the fight between two titans who cared not for collateral.

Nobody was in the way anymore. The gang had fled while we danced—I'd seen them slip out earlier when Hooks first shifted, dragging their wounded while shouting in fear of being the next collateral. Smart move.

Hookwolf flooded the floor with his metal form, discarding his favored one. He turned into a pit of hellish torture: spikes, saws, hooks that tore cages apart and braided the wire into new weapons mid-swing. He was trying to drown me in blades.

I need to bait him, so I jump away from the flood of metal, using one of the non-collapsed beams to hold on and watch from above.

He can't see me, I realise as he makes a large wolf head and scans the surroundings. Seems like eyes are still needed.

Well, if he's going to give me such a glaring weakness, I shouldn't deny his generosity. Concrete—old and brittle, pre-cracked by the tremors we'd caused—lay in great slabs. I kicked free a corner of the wall, palms scraping through the grain. With one hand, I crushed a chunk of concrete into dust against my palm until it was a fine, choking powder. I packed the dust, felt it bite at my skin, and hurled it straight for his face as it turned at the noise.

It hit. The grey cloud exploding against his metal face, and causing the nazi to scream – more metal grinding. Metal panels clattered and reformed, but I was already moving, dodging the blind attack.

"Stupid!" he snarled, finger-blades working to sweep the grit off. "You think throwing sand—"

"Concrete, actually," I cut him off. "Multi-grain."

One thing I learned while growing up was that angry people were fucking dumb. They swing harder, get quicker, but also fall much more easily.

And one thing people hate the most is being dismissed. They ignore everything for the purpose of coming straight at you.

He dove at the sound of me with a furious roar, a living whirlwind. I grabbed a bent steel frame—metal ripped and screamed in its wake—and flung it. It hit his center mass, doing no damage but buying me enough time to vanish under a fallen beam. The warehouse groaned again, and an I-beam cracked high above and crashed down, slicing the dust in the air. We both ignored it. You didn't focus away from a fight you wanted to win.

Hookwolf can't connect a deciding blow; I'm too fast for him, but I also lack the means of doing great damage quickly enough to stop him from healing via metal generation.

This would mean that either he runs out of energy to create metal first, and I win, or he gets lucky on a swipe, and I lose.

Well, in theory.

That theory doesn't matter anyway; I won't lose after all.

Because I had found it.

The path to victory.

He lunged, claws tearing a line through the concrete floor, not knowing where I stood but relying on the area of effect to hit me. I broke the rhythm of our deadly dance: heel to the inside of a metal arm, then a pivot, then a launch up his chassis.

Blades unfolded to shield his face—panels slid across like shutters. I didn't need fingers; I dug my hands into the edge of the shuttered metal, ignoring the pain of my hands being shredded into cuts of meat. My fingers found something warm and pulsing underneath.

"Aaaaah!" The cry ricocheted. He bucked me off, metal shards stabbed at my chest, which I do my best to mitigate by launching with the blow. My quick reaction managed to lessen the damage, only going as deep as my ribs.

But it was done; this fight had been decided.

"My eyes! You little shit, my fucking-" I didn't give him the chance to keep talking; there were no guarantees that he wouldn't also be able to regenerate that.

Rushing forward, I slid beneath him, upper back hitting the concrete, and I planted my feet square at his center of mass, legs coiling like springs. The chaotic shifting mass of metals makes it a bit dangerous, but I ignore the sudden incisions against my legs as I launch a kick with everything I have.

He flew in the air, where he couldn't escape.

I hadn't been attacking him ineffectually for shits and giggles. Every strike, every gouge was made for the purpose of data collection.

I was testing his regeneration cadence. His power to generate metal originates from his core, the 'true' him, and if the core is about the size of a marble, it would be all but impossible to hit it with Hookwolfs' constantly shifting and changing his body.

And if his core produces the metal, he must then shift it towards the damaged area to heal it. It stands to reason that by timing how long it takes for an area to heal, I can cross-reference it until I find the general area it is being held in.

I timed it all.

Arms: ~1.3 seconds before the new metal filled a gap.

Head: ~1.8 seconds.

Legs: ~0.9 seconds.

Tail: too fast to measure—blurs and stabs that finished before my blink registered.

Inner thigh.

Right side chest.

Left shoulder.

Ears.

Foot.

Everything.

There are some variations in these numbers, but they average around that range.

Which means-

Tailbone.

How uncreative.

Hookwolf fell, thrashing midair, a wolf-shaped storm of metal coming apart at the seams. Screams of rage peeled out of him, each one edged with panic as shards sprayed the air like shrapnel.

I ignore it, bringing my arms up and curling them around where his hips would be, where I calculated the core to lie.

Within a second, they are skewered by hooks.

"Idiot! I'll gut you to piece-"

Creak!

He couldn't speak, a sudden gasp of pain leaving him, followed by a guttural drawl out howl laced with pain and disbelief.

Because I just tightened the hold.

I don't have enough strength to tear through his body until I find the core; his regeneration was too damn quick. He would simply cut me to pieces before I could reach my goal.

So, I'll just crush everything around the core like a tin can, applying pressure to it.

"Y-you! Don't you dare-"

I tighten the hold. My arms screamed under the strain; blood hissed where hooks dug deeper, but I didn't stop. Hookwolfs howls in pain and strikes my back now, flaying it with his claws.

I tighten the hold. His screams start to get desperate; he knows I will continue to press, he knows he can't recycle the metal crushing his core, or else I'll simply reach it faster. In his desperate mind, the only way out was to kill me before I crushed him.

I tighten the hold. His terror turns into rage, claws ripping apart my back, trying to desperately leave my hold, the shifting mass of blades raking across my bones, but I didn't let go. My forearms were ribbons, but they kept closing in; strength continued to flood my arms as they crushed further.

I tighten the hold. His blows are weaker now.

I tighten the hold. He no longer attacks me; a wheeze of noise leaves his throat.

I tighten the hold. He is silent.

I tighten the hold.

And he breaks in my grasp.

[FEAT: User has neutralized the Parahuman Supervillain known as Hookwolf!
1x Random Gold Gacha Ticket has been received.]​

I stood there, breathing slow, chest rising and falling against what was left of him. My body was a ruin—flesh torn with muscles screaming, blood slowly dripping in a steady rhythm—but the pain felt distant, smothered beneath a quiet, bone-deep satisfaction.

While I was holding back, he'd been stronger than me. Stronger, faster and just plain outclassing me in terms of survivability.

No question about it, I was weaker.

But I still won.

At the end of the day, strength doesn't matter.

So what if someone's stronger?

So what if they're faster, smarter, sharper, or better prepared?

None of it matters.

Because I simply can't imagine myself losing.

That's what makes me the Strongest.



AN: And that's caught up with what I've written so far. By the way, so many br, I really didn't think there would be so many. Yet at the same time, I'm not surprised; we are everywhere.

About the fic, if anyone has any questions or wants to point out something wrong that I wrote, please do say, since most of my knowledge from Worm stems from Fandom (I stopped reading when Leviathan came around). I hate getting both my lore and power scaling wrong. I had to do some intense research about the limits of Hookwolf to write this fight, so I hope it was all correct.

Thanks for reading, hope y'all have a good day.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, EvilSmirk, Dwooly and 1,496 others
PassingBy
Oct 23, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 3: Today, I met a Bitch, she was cool
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Oct 29, 2025
Add bookmark
#42
I used to watch cartoons back home, most of the time through a glass window. There was a TV store downtown with this massive screen in the front display, and I'd sit across the street, pretending I wasn't freezing or starving, just so I could catch an episode or two before someone came to shoo me away.

The villains in those cartoons are always so exaggerated and silly, they laugh maniacally, they have grand ridiculous plans, and the funniest ideas on how to reach such a goal. But they always made one thing clear:

Cops and heroes were good.

Robbers and villains were evil.

That all stopped making sense after a bunch of cops decided to beat the shit out of me for "fun."

I stopped watching cartoons after that.

Back in Salvador the police were less of a justiciary system and more like another gang stealing from the people. They were beyond corruption, not a system that was infected, but something born from said infection.

From the top of my head, I can't even remember the last time they did anything useful, like bust a drug ring or a prostitution home. Because they didn't need to, taking their cuts from the dealers and pimps, they turned a blind eye to any illegal activity, and stomped out anyone dumb enough to think things could change.

But since the gangs were relatively untouchable, the cops found their own prey, people without power.

In other words, civilians. Police brutality is a real thing. They really liked to deal with troublemakers, especially kids who stole bread or phones or whatever they could get their hands on.

It didn't take long for an unspoken rule to form, one everyone in the city knew by heart:

'You don't trust any fucking cop.'

So, I had a brief blue script moment when I heard those sirens.

In Salvador, you don't hear them; any cop who drove around blaring sirens was either suicidal or new. That's a sure sign of getting killed by any gang member who is feeling particularly testy.

But here, it hasn't even been what? Ten minutes since I dropped down from space. That's a pretty fast response.

I guess Brockton Bay is better on that aspect at least.

…Great. For some reason, that thought just made me depressed, so I'll pretend it didn't. Like any emotionally well-adjusted person.

Shit, I had the brief instinct of tailing the fuck out of there, a habit gained from running from police enforcers back home as a kid. Running away from the authorities was the best path of survival.

And that's exactly what I tried to do before my body quickly reminded me it was still doing its best kebab impression.

"Fuuuuck," I groaned. "I hate pain so much."

And thirsty. God, my throat burned, raw and dry, even though it was wet with blood.

Okay, first things first, I had to find something to drink-

Life.

A smell so impossibly rich and sweet.

What the hell was this divine scent?

Slowly, rotating my body that had fallen to the floor, I crawl away from the metallic unmoved corpse, taking a deep sniff of the air.

I turned my head, dragging my mangled body across the floor like a drunk zombie sniffing for salvation. Each breath filled me with that intoxicating aroma, drawing me forward through broken concrete, twisted rebar, and bits of Hookwolf the bastard hadn't managed to recycle.

Half-buried beneath rubble, dented but intact. A cooler.

It was a real struggle to lift the small, collapsed bits of wall from it, something that I would have no problem with were my body healthy, but I did manage it.

With trembling, bloody hands, I pulled it free and flipped it open

"…this is beer." I deadpan.

Then I realized I was salivating.

Within the cooler was a pack of what looked to be some kind of branded beer. I don't recognise the maker, but I also honestly do not care at the moment.

I tore the top off one with a strength born of divine desperation and downed it in one go.

The world stopped.

It wasn't beer. It was ambrosia.

Liquid life. Every swallow burned like heaven. It was better than any drink I'd ever had—better than food, better than air—hell, better than the best sex I ever had.

The Oni inside me purred.

Holy shit, I felt like I was about to have a foodgasm.

What the fuck is a foodgasm? No time to research. Drink first.

The cooler was empty before I knew it. Hands reached for another can like a junkie fumbling for the next hit. For a second, I just stared at the void it left behind, like a man watching all his money be lost to the roulette.

I also noticed that my arm was mostly healed.

In fact, my entire body feels rejuvenated. There are still injuries, but at least now it doesn't hurt to exist; the wounds had stopped bleeding and were already knitting together. I breathed deep and was pleased to actually feel the air. No pressure in my lungs, and no constant fire in my chest.

Right. Alcohol = Oni life elixir. Divine beer, confirmed.

Man, natural fast healing is amazing. Normally I would be dead, hell if I even survived something like that I would have to retire for life from the sheer amount of damage.

But after drinking a six pack my Oni was satisfied enough to burp. Though I knew without a doubt that I could just keep drinking if I wanted to.

Am I even getting drunk from this?

No, I'm not, the Alcohol isn't even entering my system correctly, its burning in my stomach and being used as fuel for my body. Oni physiology was fascinating, because how the hell does Beer turn into a literal fusion cell?

The Oni in me did the equivalent of shrugging.

Having instinctual knowledge of my body was weird.

Right, I still have the tickets from before, they almost slipped my mind.

The healing was useful, but knowing my luck nothing on the same level will come out of it.

[Flamethrower]
|Uncommon Ability|
Allows you to unleash a constant stream of fire from anywhere on your body; the clothes you're wearing will be affected by the fire. The more energy you expend, the hotter and more potent the stream of flame is.​

Not bad. Not bad at all. As an Oni, I have the raw energy to feed this thing far longer than a normal human would thanks to my ten times enhancement. The core questions are thus: energy budget, control, and tactical utility.

Still, this can be a fun tool in my sleeve for the next fights.

And there will be next fights, that fucking curse Bob put on me will ensure it happens, and I know myself well enough that I won't just roll over because some punk decided to try and put me on a shirt.

I close my eyes and simulate.

Scalding/Direct Damage. Short, focused bursts to fry exposed flesh, burn through organs, or weaken soft tissue around joints. Use concentrated streams on exposed eyes, mouths, gaps in armor. Precision hits that are fast and painful.

Fire Propusion. Backblast. If I can emit flame behind me in a controlled vector, I can get short, violent bursts of acceleration. Basically, rocket shoes. Burst forward, chain a slide, then pop another backblast to change direction in mid-run, my speed has thus increased by magnitudes.

Area Denial. Light the floorline, funnel opponents, flush them out of cover, or mask movements in smoke. Create temporary walls of flame to block line-of-sight, funnel enemies into kill-zones, or cut off escape routes. Good for crowd control and forcing choice-target engagements.

Environmental Weaponization. Burn the ceiling supports, set pallets on fire, smoke to hide approach, or melt metal field objects into molten hazards. If Hookwolf or someone like him has regeneration relying on solid metal surfaces, heating that metal can introduce microfailures or force them to waste energy cooling/repairing.

This is all still just planning, but I have confidence I can get all of it down relatively quickly with both my natural talent, and with the help of All Eradication Fist.

All that theorized, I ran simulations in my head like I used to run stick-up plans on the rooftop with the other kids. Strategy is the difference between getting lucky and winning.

This all came naturally to me, and I even enjoyed doing it to a certain point. I forced myself to enjoy it. I had to — in Salvador, the only way not to die from hesitation is to make the fear pleasurable. Fighting becomes a craft. The more you love it, the better you get, and the less chance you die.

So, to maximise my chances of living, I forced myself to enjoy fighting.

Though I still can't force myself to enjoy killing.

I was okay with that.

Hmm, next ticket.

[Scarousing]
|Rare Trait|
For some reason, the scarier you act, instead of being rightfully terrified, people that you consider potential partners are also equal parts aroused by you. The mind works in mysterious ways, and whether they will be attracted by your power, by your intimidation, or by your dominance is up to how they justify it to themselves.​

Of course. Of fucking course Chaos gives me another pervert trait. I rolled three tickets, and this cosmic vending machine decided my character arc needed more smut. I stared at the text, mind drawing a blank.

"Really?" I said to nobody, because why not argue with the system. "Scarousing. That's—what is the target demographic here, horny fate gods?"

My thoughts stop, mind focusing as enhanced senses catch the sound of heavy thumping getting closer. Something big and fast was approaching and was coming directly towards me.

They appeared through a section of the wall that had fallen over, a hulking monstrosity in four legs, muscle, and spikes covered its body, it didn't seem like anything you had ever seen before.

Riding the beast was a person. She was wearing a black hoodie on top of baggy clothing, and on her head was a plastic mask of a Pitbull.

I knew her, or at least the information floating around my soul knew her, because it decided to ping as soon as it recognised enough of the person in front of me.

Rachel Lindt, called Hellhound by the Protectorate, known as Bitch by everybody else, a member of the Undersiders, a small group of parahuman thieves.

She was also a murderer, apparently, though my information wouldn't get any clearer than that. Not that I was going to throw any stones from my glasshouse.

Except the person in front of me looked…different.

Her boobs were fucking huge.

I blinked. The clothes were still baggy, but the silhouette was somehow porn-star accurate. Not her canon appearance at all, the mental dossier said she was broad and stocky in a masculine type of way. And while she was indeed broader than a normal girl, it was nowhere near the amount the words seemed to expect.

My brain did the thing where it stuttered on a file it couldn't parse: a canon profile with anime aesthetics. I drew a blank, the kind of dead space you get when you try to remember a face you've only ever seen on an old, static photo. For half a beat I was useless; my internal monologue stalled in a puddle of appreciation and confusion.

Is that—am I hallucinating? Or was this the Anime increase in hotness scale? If this happened to every single character, then I probably would not recognise anyone without their iconic looks.

While the sudden shock of mental difference confused me for a second, the Oni in me did not care. The Oni appreciated the silhouette.

Focus, boy. Remember: literal roided Cerberus growling at you. Priorities.

Speaking of, they finally noticed my silent form, just chilling on a pile of concrete like I'd planned it that way. I didn't bother standing up since, judging by the tension in her shoulders, she was waiting for the smallest excuse to sic her four-legged apocalypse on me.

"Nice night," I said casually, nodding her way.

She stayed quiet, scanning me up and down. The dog mirrored her, hackles rising, low growl strong enough I could feel reverberating within my chest. That is a big doggo.

"Who the fuck are you?" Bitch growled out the question, much like her hellish companion, "And what are you doing here?"

"I actually got lost," I clarify, cause I sure as heck did not want to land here, "But it seemed like a good chance to test the waters, so I did the best with what I was given."

I tilted my chin toward the side of the warehouse. She followed the motion and froze, finding the corpse of a half-metallic wolfman lying on the ground, its middle body crushed like it had been put under a hydraulic press.

I note how her eyes fixated on the wound.

Good, that should be enough to send the right message.

"You killed him?"

The urge to throw in a snarky one-liner was strong, but I barely resisted. "Yeah," I said simply.

There was a pause at my frank response, her posture shifted from wary to downright confused.

"Why are you so calm? You fucked with them, the Empire will come after you." She sounded genuinely confused. I could almost picture her face under the mask, squinting like a confused puppy, and it's kind of adorable.

"So, they will." I shrug it off.

"You're not scared?" Her surprise was expected. I doubted there were many who would openly do something like this. Killing a gang member was a minor thing, but killing a parahuman was another matter entirely.

The unwritten rules, escalation, and that jazz that I couldn't be bothered to take seriously from the words.

As the answer remained the same.

"No." Relaxing back into the pile of debris I was using as a chair, I stretched the kinks off my body.

Her stare hardened for some reason, taking in my relaxed posture, and probably coming to the conclusion that I was confident enough to say that with a straight face. Either I was delusional, or I could back up my talk.

And she soon came to the conclusion.

The answer to why I have no reason to feel fear is maddeningly simple.

"You're strong." Bitch stated the obvious with a weird tone, and I felt how she was also flustered by said tone. Something akin to fear, but another emotion mixed in there, one she didn't want to let out.

"I know," I answer for the second time tonight. People really liked to point out the obvious, didn't they?

As silence returned to us, I began to realise that Bitch and I were probably not the greatest of talkers.

She was the one to break it. "Seen any dogs?" Taking her gaze off me, her eyes scan the building in full, finally acknowledging that I would not pounce at her the first opportunity I had.

I shook my head. "Nope. Plenty of cages, though." I frowned. "Hope none of them were still here when the fight broke out. Hate hurting dogs." There was just something so visceral about taking the life of an animal that bred through history to become man's best friend. I really disliked the feeling.

Something in her stiff posture loosened, just a fraction.

"Must be held deeper than." She nodded to herself before ignoring me entirely and walking further into the warehouse. The dog monster growled at me for a second before following her as she whistled.

"Deeper?" I didn't think places like this were built with basements in mind.

Oh wait, Endbringers are a thing, most buildings have more safety measures than I could probably expect when compared to the old world.

"Lockers have bunkers, they like to toss and lock dogs beneath." There was rage on that phrase, anger that was clearly felt, though she did give me a weary look as I walked beside her. Putting a hand on the monstrous dog to calm it down.

Then she tilted her head. "You said you got lost. What do you mean?"

I give an annoyed sigh, "I'm new to Brockton Bay. Not by choice."

"Makes sense, no one wants to come to this shithole."

A few chuckles escape me from the frank admission. Bitch seemed surprised by my mirth, and I noted how it turned into self-satisfaction soon, as if pleased with herself that the interaction had gone well.

Bitch then looks me up and down, analysing my body as if noticing something for the first time, "This your normal looks?"

I shook my head, "Nah. I just change into a Oni, I can go back whenever I want." And I also want to give a bit more time to heal the more serious wounds.

She paused — thinking that over — then gave a small nod. "Alright." A beat. "You're pretty open about your powers."

"Why wouldn't I be?"

"Most people lie."

I shrugged. "No reason to."

She seemed pleased with my answer, giving a huff that might as well have been a laugh for her.

I hum in thought, an idea popping in my head, "If I help, can you get me out of here?"

There was a slight tilt of her head, "Why?"

"Because the cops are on their way, and I don't know this city well enough to dodge them yet." Half-truth, I did indeed not know Brockton, but I had no doubt I could lose any type of law enforcement if I wanted to.

The other half being, if I stuck close to someone tied to the main story, maybe Bob wouldn't decide to smite me with narrative bullshit. Hopefully this will be enough to not be affected by that damned curse for a while.

Bitch gave me a long look, before she gave a slow nod, "Okay, help me and I'll take you out of here."

"It's a deal then," I step closer by her side, half turning and offering my hand for a shake, "I'm Ura-dōji." The height difference made this movement a bit awkward, but we both ignored it.

The girl stared at my hand, contemplating whether to brush me off or to take it, but considering I was set on helping her save dogs, she took my hand, "Bitch."

Her grip was rough and strong, trying to squeeze down on my own to as a show of dominance. I didn't back down, putting just enough pressure to show her I could easily break it if I wanted.

For some reason, Bitch looked pleased at the outcome.

We stood there for a moment; light reflected from the moon shining down through the cracks of the warehouse.

And then my clothes fell apart.

Honestly, I was surprised they lasted this long. They'd survived my fall from orbit and a one-on-one with a walking blender made of knives. They deserved medals and salutes for going above and beyond.

My shirt gave up first, splitting down the middle and peeling away like old bark. The fabric barely hit the ground before my pants followed, threads snapping one after another until gravity finished the job.

"Ah," I muttered, staring down at myself. "Yup. Figures."

Of course, this had to be that damn lucky pervert skill doing its thing.

And just like that, thanks to our height difference, Bitch just got a front-row seat to the full Oni experience.

She made a short, startled sound. Her mask tilted upward for a second, locking into my broad shoulders, then her gaze dropped slowly, I could practically feel it deliberately tarcing every contour of my chest, abs, and finally reach below.

Not gonna lie, her silence was deafening.

Now, I've never been shy about my body. Even before turning into a supernatural bruiser at two meters, I was pretty built and had nothing to be ashamed off. At two meters tall, though? Let's just say proportions had gotten complicated, to the point that I doubt I could use my cock on a woman who didn't have a size or pain kink.

It definitely could not be used on a woman the size of Bitch.

She wasn't short either — maybe one-seventy, wiry muscle under the hoodie — but the way her eyes lingered, the faint sound of her gulp even through the mask... yeah, that said plenty.

"Shit, sorry," I said quickly, trying to cover myself with one hand. Which didn't really help, considering the sheer size difference. "Didn't mean to, uh…"

It didn't work very well, as shown by how Bitch was still staring.

I was a naturally difficult person to fluster, there wasn't much that could get me to be embarrassed about, but being completely naked would certainly do it.

I scanned around for something, anything to cover myself with. Meanwhile, Bitch hadn't moved a muscle. Just stood there, mask tilted ever so slightly downward.

Then the sound of sirens pierced through the night, distant, but definitely getting closer. It snapped her out of whatever trance she was in. She gave a quick shake of her head, like a dog trying to clear water from its ears, then glared at me with all the indignity of a small puppy.

"Find something to cover yourself," she snapped, her voice sharper than before. Then she turned on her heel and stalked off, whistling for her monstrous mutt to follow.

[FEAT: You managed to do something no other person has so far; you actually made a very good impression with Rachel Lindt on your first meeting, something that should be impossible!

1x Familiar Silver Ticket]​

Wait, that counted as a good first impression? No, making one with Bitch in the first place was something difficult enough that it would grant me a ticket is surprising.

Or maybe not, since I guess being naked and not getting mauled was a statistical miracle with her.

Though I am curious about how I made a 'very good' first impression, I thought we were just talking normally.

Also, what the hell is a Familiar? Am I going to roll something similar to my already rolled gifts? That doesn't seem very useful, unless I'm in need of a technique to complete another.

I'm actually kind of intrigued now.

I focused on it, and a flicker of light danced in front of me.

[Iron Golem]
|Uncommon Familiar|
Hota - Stone Golems created from a mix of excellent craftsmanship and magic. Iron Golems are very resistant against magic, taking only 25% of the damage it should have been inflicted, and have incredible physical defence paired with powerful physical abilities, being able to tear a grown man in half with ease.

Oh, so I just summon creatures with abilities.

Yeah, no, this ain't for me.

I was about to dismiss it and probably forget about it, when another line of text flashed across my vision.

[Warning: Due to conflict with User's mindset, the following has been changed:
Familiars no longer summon entities from other worlds.
Familiars rolled now work as Install Cards to be gifted to Allies.]​



I blinked, surprised that the system would be so accommodating to change what looked like a core part of it just for my whims.

What? Scared that'll break something again?

{…}​

Heh.

Install Cards, like a card game?

Well, if it's being gifted to my allies, then I guess it would mean instead of summoning creatures, I could give their power to other people. That sounded useful and will be of great help in diplomacy, something I'm not ashamed to say I sucked balls at.

I'm not blind to my faults. It was sheer luck that Bitch had been the one to find me today, anyone else, and I'm relatively sure I'd be halfway through another fight right now.

As the window faded, a small swirl of light appeared before me, coalescing from a glowing silhouette of a statue into a sleek, metallic card no bigger than my palm. It hovered for a moment before sliding perfectly into my hand like it belonged there.

On its face was the stylised picture of a man wearing armor, looking entirely like an automaton.

"Neat," I said.

Then, instinctively, I went to pocket it before pausing.

Right. Still naked.

Uhm, where do I put this?

As if answering my question, the card flew from my hand and into my chest, sinking through it and storing itself within my soul.

Convenient.


I didn't find any clothes, unfortunately.

What I did find was a heavy curtain, which I tied around my waist like a makeshift skirt.

Felt a bit weird going all natural, but it was either that or full-frontal community service. Still, I felt mildly self-conscious at how Bitch would stare at me at the sound of my dick slapping against my thighs when I moved.

I caught Bitch glancing my way, a few quick looks she pretended weren't happening.

I'm sure its fine.

Moving on.

It didn't take long to get the dogs; a simple application of super strength broke the cellar lock.

The smell hit first, rusty and mouldy was all I could describe it as, and the occupants of the space weren't faring any better. They all looked to be in various stages of abuse, many missing limbs, scars across their bodies, fur peeling off from the stress of this place.

Sympathy wasn't something I was good at. It was difficult to show anything like that when it could be weaponised against you, and showing great care was a nice way to paint a target on yourself.

And by the time I was strong enough to be kind, I didn't have anyone left to give that kindness to.

But looking at those broken, trembling bodies, I felt something stir. A small, uncomfortable twist in my chest.

I don't know if she noticed or not, but Bitch broke me off this contemplation, putting me in charge of the more feral and aggressive dogs.

"You take them," She said, "They can't hurt you."

She was right. Their teeth barely dented my skin. She showed me how to hold them properly, a firm grip behind the shoulders, calm tone, and no sudden moves to not aggravate them further. The advice was less to help me handle them, and more so that they don't hurt themselves on my hold.

Bitch was very good at calming the dogs, she moved differently around them, an instinctual deliberation on her every move. A low growl when they got too riled, a small yip to get attention, it grabbed my attention. It was like watching someone speak a different language; you knew it was, in fact, a language from how articulated the words were, but you had no idea what it actually meant.

It wasn't long before Bitch had liberated the rest and whistled. Barking off a series of commands by calling out names.

Within seconds, more monstrous dogs appeared, not as big as the first one, as if by habit they picked up the smaller dogs within their mouths, careful not to make any sudden movement.

I was reminded of that documentary I once watched, of how crocodiles would carry their young within their jaws.

And I'm not gonna lie: riding on top of one of those monster dogs was awesome.

She had allowed me to ride on top of a 'Julia', who was just as big as the one Bitch was currently riding. We moved through deserted streets, ducking between alleys and over rooftops. She knew exactly where to go, every turn designed to avoid spotlights and patrol routes. Clearly not her first escape run.

And then, we reached a park, one that was empty thanks to the midnight hour. I was surprised that no hobos were mingling about. The sounds of the sirens had disappeared through our escape, becoming too distant to be heard.

Once they stopped Bitch easily jumped off her ride, and I followed suit.

"This is far enough," she said.

The dogs laid down their rescued cargo, and she immediately went to work. From behind a couple of overturned trash bins, she retrieved a hidden stash, collars, leashes, small bags of food. This seemed like a well-prepared drop point.

Seeing as the dogs became much more docile in my presence, I stepped forward, grabbing a handful of them and going out to the most restless ones. One hard look was enough to get them to lower their heads, a dominance falling over them.

Bitch gave me a long look while I went about, but decided not to say anything.

Once I had all of them collared, I gave the end of the leash to her.

She grunted in acknowledgement, her version of 'thanks.'

You wouldn't think so from how she acts, but Bitch is a surprisingly honest person. Sure, for others she would look like a quiet, angry girl seconds away from lounging at for a throat, but for me at least it's pretty easy to navigate in a conversation with her, since its easy to know where you stand with her.

When you grow up on the streets, you learn to read people like that. One twitch could mean a stab in the back; a slight twist of the neck makes their mark aware of their presence; the tightening of one's eyes was all the sign for a brutal gang fight.

In an environment like that, you learn to listen with your eyes.

So when she said "Thanks," with just a look, I understood, and answered back instinctively.

"Welcome," I replied simply.

That earned me another long stare, as if she hadn't expected me to catch it. She turned away before I could read more.

She had turned back to her monstrous companions, patting their muzzles while whispering something beneath her breath, and I watched as little by little their size shrunk back to that of normal dogs, spikes receding, and muscles no longer bulging.

"Where are you going now?" she asked.

I shrugged. "No clue. Don't have a place. I'll probably find some half-decent alley to crash in. I'm good at that."

She seemed to be thinking, I could almost hear the gears turning. I didn't mind the silence that followed, since my thoughts were also swarming towards where I would sleep for the night.

It's been a while since I had no place to stay, but I'm an old hand at crashing in an especially cozy alleyway.

"You can crash at my place."

[FEAT: Get invited to a girl's place on the first date. You dirty dog!

1x Random Bronze Ticket.]​

I stop, ignore the message. Slowly turning to the one who said it, I watch as Bitch held my confused gaze, before looking forward and marching with her small army of dogs.

…did I misunderstand her? I was under the impression that Bitch wasn't someone who trusted easily. A fact backed by the words scorched on my soul, I knew for a fact that she would never invite someone over to her place just from one meeting, especially a cape.

I walk to catch up, "Why?" I thought it was just their appearances, but did their personality also change?

"You're good with dogs." Never mind, personalities still the same, "I could use more help until I settle them." And I guess that makes sense.

Still.

I give her a blank stare.

She shrugs.

And that tells me a lot.

Bitch is allowing me into her territory, she's open about her decision as to why, but they aren't all of it, I'm sure. I just haven't cracked why she wants me around specifically.

Because I'm strong? So, having me in her territory would inadvertently mean I am thus also a protector of it? Shit, body language is one thing, but her mentality as a pack animal is harder to decipher than I expected.

But in the end, wasn't this a good opportunity?

Yeah, the more I think about it, the better the prospects are. Not only would I have a temporary place to stay, but I would also be in constant minor contact with the 'narrative' of this world, which would hopefully make my life more uninteresting.

"Okay." I nod in agreement. "Lead the way."

In an act that didn't surprise me at all, having seen this coming after her invitation, Bitch grabs her mask and takes it off.

And wow.

Spoiler: Rachel Lindt

The anime filter was definitely doing some heavy lifting here, because the words in my soul still insist on the fact that Bitch is supposedly unattractive, while the girl before me wouldn't look out of place in a B-lister model show.

"Rachel," she said simply. "If you're staying with me, you'd find out anyway."

"In that case." My voice shifted, once low and powerful, now more towards the normal end of what a human should do.

I felt the shift before it happened — the slow uncoiling of muscle, the dull ache of size receding. My greyish skin darkened, my body shrinking until I stood at a normal human height again.

"Nice to meet you, Rachel." The voice that came was younger than I expected, and I also realised that I was a tad smaller than I remembered being. My body felt different, but it made sense, as I had just come out of my Oni form after waiting for the wounds to heal up to a minimum.

There were still a few fresh gashes, but everything else had been taken care of by now, it seems.

Not that it matters much.

"My name," I added with a faint tugging of my lips, careful not to show teeth, "is Samuel."

Spoiler: Samuel


AN: When two feral children meet, it goes surprisingly civilized.
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, StrugglingMind, EvilSmirk and 1,412 others
PassingBy
Oct 29, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 4: CONTENT WARNING (Job Application)
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Nov 3, 2025
Add bookmark
#64
Habits are hard to break. Do something often enough, and eventually your hands, feet, and sleep cycle start doing it for you. Not doing it will throw you off badly enough to have a physical impact.

That's why I woke up at five am on the dot. The Oni body also helped, I guess regenerating wasn't only limited to wounds, it covers energy too. Just three hours of sleep, and I felt way too alive for what happened yesterday.

It was also why, as soon as I rolled off the couch I crashed on, I fell to the floor and started doing push-ups.

Exercise on the early morning is important; it wakes the body, sharpens most motor skills for the rest of the day, and lets me spend it without having to bother keeping my body at peak conditions.

The motions were so automatic that my head had room to wander. While my lungs emptied and filled, while blood hammered in my ears and my arms screamed through the fiftieth rep, I replayed last night in bite-sized loops.

Kicked out of the afterlife by Bob.

Crashed into Brockton Bay.

Offed a supervillain.

Met a major local player.

Rolled a bunch of stupid tickets that resulted in a bunch of stupid horny stuff.

Also, knowledge, I had the entire narrative of this world in my head, but everything was so fractured and lost that I couldn't call anything to the surface. I didn't really care, but it was annoying, since I knew it would pop up like an ad whenever I met something of relevance.

The time exercising also helped me realise something as I dropped after only fifty push-ups, arms burning in pain.

My body was weak.

Not my supernatural Oni body, obviously, but the baseline one. It was much weaker than what I was used to.

Looking at the mirror explained why.

The motherfucking cosmic bitch sent me back to when I was a fifteen-year-old skinny boy. Not exactly my prime of manhood.

There was fitness, no doubt about it. I had already joined the gang for three years by that point, and food became much more accessible; before that, it would have been generous to call me a skin rag. But that had been just the start of my climb, not the summit.

It wasn't until my eighteenth year that I became the prized hound of the Malucos, and that's when I received everything needed to become bigger and stronger.

I guess the reason why I could adapt so seamlessly to my partial Oni form is that it was closer to my original body than I realised.

Well, if anything, this time I'll have an easier time bulking up back to my peak, so that's a positive.

…wait a second, am I gonna have to go through puberty again?

Fuuuuck, I take it back, fuck you, Bob.

Murderous fantasies aside, I adjusted the routine to what this fifteen-year-old meat could handle and lost myself in the rhythm. Push-ups, squats, crunches, a shit ton of calisthenics exercises that I instinctively knew would help me prepare my body for the Eradication Fist. By the end, my body was on fire, sweat soaking the floorboards beneath me.

I finished with planks until my forearms threatened to give out, rolled onto my back, and stared at the ceiling. I'm gonna need to clean up the sweat stains.

"What are you doing?"

The voice wasn't a surprise. I'd been following her approach in the back of my mind while finishing another set. Another habit from my old life, always keep your ears open.

A brief glance at the sliding glass doors that connect to the yard, and noting the sunlight bleeding through compared to when I started, tells me that I have been at it for almost three hours.

"Exercising," I reply with a grunt. Rolling back into position and starting the last rep.

Rachel stood in the doorway, framed by the dim hall that connected the living room to the kitchen and stairs. Another open hallway led to a small kitchen that was also used as a laundry room.

The house wasn't large, cozy if you were generous, cramped if you weren't. Two floors, enough space for two people to live just barely comfortably. But the real prize was the backyard, big enough for the fifteen dogs currently living here, eight of which we'd rescued last night.

Spoiler: Rachel's house

Rachel didn't say anything right away. A brief glance told me she was still staring, and as I finish my rep and get up, I raise a brow at her, her eyes tracked the movement of my chest as I caught my breath, sweat running down my torso.

I'd ditched my shirt since I didn't want it to get dirty. Rachel's clothes fit me well enough, since she likes to wear baggy everything, so it's just a bit tighter on my frame but manageable. Still no underwear though, so I'm going commando for now.

"Can I use the shower?"

Rachel doesn't answer, her gaze intense as she looks at me.

Without the mask covering her face, it became increasingly easier to understand her. So, I very much catch the lust and desire shining brightly across her eyes, like flames that burn through her.

Honestly, I didn't blame her. I'm probably the first boy Rachel has seen in such state, considering her social circumstances. So, I'm relatively sure she's flustered and has no idea what to do.

Tilting my head, I raise a hand and snap my fingers in front of her face.

The sound made her flinch, snapping her out of whatever trance she'd fallen into.

Oi, why is she glaring at me?

"Shower's the first door upstairs," she muttered. "You smell."

Rachel was glowering for a reason that was beyond me, before she turned on her heel and stomped toward the back door, heading out to the yard.

I give my own huff. Whatever.


Showering was nice; it was an important part of the cooldown process as well.

Yesterday had been especially nice; the water was lukewarm at best, but after the gruesome fight, it felt heavenly. The steam eased the soreness out of my muscles, washing away blood, grime, and the last traces of Hookwolf.

After that, I decided to try my hand at cooking something.

I wasn't very good at it. It was just a few eggs, with some toast made in a pan from the rare ingredients that I found in the house.

Yeah, Rachel's house is missing a lot of human food; she has milk, meat, French fries, and a carton of eggs. That was literally all I found in her fridge. It was fucking tragic, and this was coming from a street rat,

I was surprised to see that she had bread in one of the pantries.

Understandable, since much of her life was probably funnelled into feeding and caring for the dogs. It left her very little to herself.

It reminded me of my early days in the gang, since this was similar to how I ate when I first joined the Malucos, eating whatever came cheap, and telling myself it was fine because it was better than starving.

I cracked another egg into the pan, listening to it sizzle.

Maybe I should actually learn how to cook.

Back then, it wasn't necessary. When I got big, the boss sent a few maids to keep my place clean and my stomach full. Before that, it was just rice, beans, and fried meat, fast and practical after all, sometimes I didn't even bother to use salt.

Well, not that I needed to do so. After I became big, the boss just gave me a few maids that would just cook and clean my house, so I never bothered with either shopping, or learning how to cook beyond the basics.

I haven't yet decided what I want to do with this life. My initial idea of living a quiet life died quickly with the curse of interesting times, but it will only last until the end of the story.

And by then, I want to learn how to cook.

[FEAT: Stray from your past habits of discarding everything for the path of strength,
1x Random Gacha Bronze Ticket.]​

Oh, yeah hello there, I almost forgot about you.

{…}​

Right, I still have the ticket from last night as well, don't I? With the eggs almost finished, I didn't really have anything else to do, so I'll get it over with.

[Musk]
|Uncommon Trait|
Your smell is really good, a bit arousing even. This trait is very effective for those with oversensitive senses, or who value particularly their sense of smell.​

I'm not even surprised anymore; Bob is just horny by the looks of it. A bit curious, I lift my shirt and inhale like some caveman, but I can't really smell anything differently, just my own scent.

Whatever, next up.

[Cardio]
|Common Trait|
You have great cardiovascular fitness, granting you slightly increased stamina and exhaustion recovery speeds. You've got a good set of lungs and heart on you. This also helps with acts of the bedroom, if you know what I mean.​

…

I ignore the notifications, scoping the eggs that are now ready onto the toast. It was an easy meal that I did when I first started to get more food.

After finished in setting the table, I walk over to the double doors, I pushing them open and stepped into the yard to find my landlady.

Spoiler: Backyard

She wasn't hard to spot. Rachel stood in the middle of the grass, a ring of dogs around her. She clicked her teeth, barked short commands, and the puppies responded like she was one of their own, the pack leader, a ripple of obedience moving through them.

Some of them already know what they're doing; those I notice weren't there last night. The newly rescued dogs, however, were new and clumsy.

Training the new dogs, huh, immediately integrating them with some activities to mingle with her already trained dogs.

Smart.

"Foods ready!" I give a quick shout.

She paused, blinked at me like I was speaking another language, then gave a quick command, and the dogs scattered to their bowls. It took a minute for her to cross the yard; by the time she reached the back door, her face had settled back into that perpetual scowl she always has.

Her resting bitch face truly was prodigious.

Without a word, I went back inside, and she followed silently.

Sitting down at the table, we both get to eating the mediocre meal I cooked up. Rachel doesn't complain, so I write it off as a win in my book.

Hmm, though I won't learn how to cook better without any ingredients, and I have no money to buy any. I'm already living off her roof, so I don't want to ask more out of Rachel since I'm not a leech. Putting myself in debt with another is just something I plain don't wanna do.

That meant getting a job.

Well, I'm back to the same problem I faced in Salvador. I got no fucking education or papers.

As in, not even basic schooling. I know how to read, not very well, but I learned it from some older kids, and then further when I joined the Malucos.

Surprisingly I was pretty good with numbers, a mixture of them being patterns that repeat themselves no matter how large they get.

I imagine it helped quite a bit that I used them very frequently in combat. So, I'd learned to see patterns as my life depended on it, and it made me quite the eager student.

Count the number of enemies, their bullets, the time it takes for reload, the time it takes me to reload, divide takedowns for each target, angle of shooting, bullet drop, and air resistance.

I was pretty good at the hard stuff of physics, though if someone were to academically test me, I would bomb it spectacularly.

But those two things were the only things I could do. Outside of that, I have no idea.

Oh, I can make meth and crack, so I guess chemistry is on the table.

I had a distinct feeling that it wouldn't help me get any legitimate jobs, however.

…Should I just bust some people up and take their money?

Hmm. Worth considering.

But no.

It's not fear holding me back. If it came to consequences, I could deal with them — I am strong enough.

I just don't want to hurt innocents.

It was the same back in Salvador. I didn't steal food and valuables to pawn off because I liked doing so, or because I wanted to see others miserable by losing what I took, I did it because I needed to survive.

Then the gang came along, and they were the only thing I had. With no goals or ambition of my own beyond survival, I saw no need to go against whatever they desired.

But here is different.

I still don't know what I want out of this new life, but I know I don't want to repeat the last one.

Yeah, I'm the strongest — so I'll do whatever the hell I want.

And I don't want to hurt people who don't deserve it. Simple as that.

So I'll just have to find another way to make money.

Thoughts settled, my gaze falls on my temporary landlord, and I blink at what I see.

Some of the egg had fallen out of her sandwich, and Rachel was trying to scop them up with a fork. The keyword here was trying, because she didn't seem to know what to do.

"Do you not know how to use a fork?" I ask.

The glare I receive is the answer. It's very obvious that she doesn't want me to point out.

That's a yes.

Meeting her stare evenly, I dip my head slightly, "I get it, I only learned how to use them when I was thirteen."

Seeing how unbothered I was, Rachel's glare doesn't fade, but she looks down, clearly embarrassed at the perceived vulnerability.

I finish my food, then reach over and gently take her hand. She stiffens - clearly not used to the contact - but doesn't pull away. I correct her grip on the fork, guiding her hand with slow, deliberate motions. Her confusion melts into quiet focus as she watches what I'm doing. She doesn't say anything, focused on just memorizing the movement.

I decided not to use any of the fancy ways the bosses liked to use when eating, just a simple one.

"That should be more comfortable," I mused, letting go.

Rachel was silent, but this time she successfully managed to gather food and bring it to her mouth without spilling.

She grunted to grab my attention, "Thanks."

I raise a brow at the actual word. Normally, she just grunts and hums, which I'm assuming is because of long periods of time in isolation with dogs as her only company.

She frowns and elaborates stiffly.

"Thanks for the food." Before I can respond, she stands, cheeks faintly red, and stalks out toward the yard, the door clicking shut behind her.

A strange warmth pulsed through my chest.

'As expected of you, Samuel.'

I frowned, hand instinctively hovering over it.

'What a magnificent killer you are, big guy'

What is this?

'You don't think, Hound. We think, you kill'

Why did it feel so good to have someone compliment such basic cooking skills?

'Finished already? Good, we have a new task for you.'

Why does a simple 'thanks' feel so… good?

Ah, now that I think about it-

Did anyone ever thank me back on my old life?

I didn't have to think hard to know the answer.

This feeling never passed through me; I wanted more of this warmth, at seeing people eat what I had done.

Cooking, I needed to learn how to cook.

[FEAT: The goal has evolved; no longer a passing thought, but a mark that reshapes who you were.
1x Random Gacha Silver Ticket]​

Fuck it, I'll check out the market and go from there. What's the worst that can happen?


"A-are you a cape?"

Around me, half a dozen men in cheap red and green jackets groaned on the pavement, clutching various parts of their bodies. Bruises everywhere, a few teeth missing — nothing permanent.

In front of me stood two teens. One looked wary, as they should be.

The other was staring at me like I'd just walked out of a comic book. Pure unadulterated awe.

I blame this on Bob.

You're probably wondering how I ended up here.


After telling Rachel I was going to "check out the sights of Brockton," her only reply being a low hum and directions to the centre of this shit pile, I made my way toward the Boardwalk.

An entire district dedicated to overpriced shopping, expensive food stalls, and an incredible view of the ocean with the Protectorate Headquarters.

It's just like tourism back home!

The only difference here is that there were security guards patrolling everywhere — not police, mind you, but privately hired muscle meant to keep out the "wrong kind of people."

That's me by the way, I'm talking about me.

Picture here

Yeah, I recognized a tourist trap when I saw one.

It reminded me of the rich cities the Malucos used to visit whenever our bosses had to meet their bosses. Every street corner had something to sell you, landmarks, merchandise, propaganda, whatever kept the cash flowing.

There isn't that much focus on landmarks outside of what their history was used by Heroes and Villains. Just like a lot of commercials and toys seemed to be marketing a great cast of various heroes.

Here on Earth-Bet's USA, Heroes are basically celebrities, corporate stars that are presented to the public as bigger-than-life figures. It was both propagating from the way capes act as heroes and villains, and profitable, thanks to their popularity.

I could respect the hustle.

Though I wonder just how great the heroes here actually were. I had no doubt that they were different from how the media portrayed them, but maybe some will live up to the hype? I hope it'll be as fun as Hookwolf.

What? I like a good scuffle and want to live a quiet life, never saw a hypocrite before?

Though speaking of parahumans, it made me curious about how the gangs operated here, because from what I understand, a gang without a parahuman is effectively no gang at all.

Back in the old world, gang power was synonymous with manpower; the more members you had, the bigger you were, the more you could do, and the stronger the gang was.

Here, a single parahuman capable of telekinesis can be considered the equivalent of at least fifty men.

That is a lot of manpower.

I can understand why gangs are built around their parahuman leaders. Without one, a single masked crusader can come and crash their little group without that much effort.

Though I do wonder how well guns go about to level the playing field. It wouldn't have done much to Hookwolf, but a random police officer with a pistol could probably ruin Rachel's day, for example.

Hmm, yeah, it does make it seem like the world of Masquerade would be easier for durable enhanced parahumans.

After checking the tourist traps, realising that I was about six years in the future, and coming to the conclusion that I had no frame of reference for a lot of prices around here, I decided to call it quits and just try and see if anyone is willing to take a kid without documentation.

There were always odd jobs back in Salvador, no papers required, cash under the table. I just kept losing them for "violent misconduct." Apparently, tossing a knife-wielding coworker into a dumpster wasn't "appropriate conflict resolution." Who knew?

I left the glitzy Boardwalk and headed into the Docks. Despite the name, most of it wasn't even near the water. Filled with small businesses, residential areas and cheap restaurants. It was basically a real working-class Boardwalk district, the place where the actual residents of this city came to buy.

Figured if anyone would hire a kid off the street, it'd be here.

…the results were-

"I never focused on cooking, but I'm willing to learn."

"How much experience do you have you with cooking?"

"I made eggs."

"Get out."

About what I expected.

"And what are your qualifications?"

"…I can count how many bullets-"

"Get out."

No, in fact it went exactly how I expected.

"I don't really know anything, but I'm strong, so I can deal with any troublemakers-"

"Get the hell out of my shop."

I sighed, wandering out of the building and collapsing onto a public bench. The old wood groaned under my weight.

Even after ten years, being sent to another world, and gaining cosmic power, I'm still not able to get any type of legitimate job. The more things change the more they stay the same.

[FEAT: Be rejected more than ten times for minimal end jobs, like, seriously, how did you mess this up so bad?
1x Skill Silver Gacha Ticket.]​

Fuck you.

Oh well, might as well, I also have the ticket from breakfast sitting in my metaphorical pocket. Maybe the Gacha would be merciful this time and stop feeding me horny nonsense.

Roll the random one first.

[Gambler]
|Elite Trait|
Let's go gambling! Ah dangit. Every time you would roll the ticket, you roll a D20 first, depending on the roll you get, {20}= Ticket Rank Up, {19 - 17}= Advantage, {16 - 13}= Change Ticket Type, {12 - 8}= Nothing happens, {7 - 2}= Ticket rank down, {1}= Ticket is destroyed. This trait can be rerolled or toggled.​

…more gambling? Are you kidding me? I literally have a lottery machine connected to the entire multiverse and the damn thing decided it needed an RNG layer on top of it all.

Fuck it.

Roll the damn dice.

15! = Change Ticket Type
[Ticket has changed from Skill to Trait]

[Sexual Calibration]
|Uncommon Trait|
All of the minor inconveniences sex once had are now gone, forget about STDs, hygiene precautions, or unwanted pregnancies because you can adjust how all of those interact with you. In addition, you are very talented in the tantric arts.​

…

The universe was laughing at me.

{I swear I'm not doing this on purpose}​

Uh huh.

Whatever, my day was officially ruined. Toggling the gambler trait off, cause it's the damn thing's fault I got another sex ability on top of all the others.

Lifting myself from the lazy way I had been lying, I draped myself backwards into the bench, thinking about how exactly I'm gonna make any dough, when sounds of a scuffle tugged at the corner of my hearing.

One eye opened, I gazed impassively at the scene before me., I watch as a pair of teenage girls are encircled and cornered around the mouth of an alleyway. Predictably, they rush into it to try and dodge their assailants, but I had no doubt that said assailants' friends were waiting at the other side like a net.

Classic cornering tactics.

Still, doing this in broad daylight? Brockton truly is even shitter then Salvador, how comical.

It didn't matter either way. I shouldn't get involved here, this ain't my problem. How many times did I see the same thing happening back in Salvador and didn't lift a finger to solve?

Too many to count. Going out of my way to save them isn't gonna change anything, in fact it would be detrimental to me since I want a quiet life.

…

…

Ah, fuck it. I need to blow some steam anyway from this awful day, if it happens to save the kids while I'm doing it, then who cares?

I justified it in my head with mental origami, stood up, stretched, and followed them into the alley.

Oh? Seems like the two girls managed to run for a bit before being corralled.

One of the thugs in red noticed me, his Asian features obvious. Face turning into an ugly mix of anger and disdain, he stomps his way towards me with the confidence of a much larger man.

The fuck you wan-" Full of openings.

A swift backhand to his temple has his lights out, he falls to his knees like a puppet with its strings cut, before tumbling forward on his face.

Eradication Fist is ridiculous. I knew the exact point of where to strike to knock him unconscious without damaging his brain. How is that even possible?

Whatever, if it works, it works.

For a beat, the alley froze — the thugs watching their mate crumple like someone had turned the lights off. I was half expecting them all to book for it, since that was exactly what many had done on their shoes.

I was surprised when they all decided to charge at me, ignoring the girls who were their original marks.

The first one came swinging wide, a simple step into his guard had me dodging the punch by ducking low, and a clear shot at his liver with an elbow strike. He groaned and fell, clutching his side and curling into a ball.

The second swung stupidly fast. I caught his fist at the wrist, twisted, and used the leverage to whip him around. One sharp knee into his back sent him skidding into the next guy like bowling pins.

One who was still standing, now disoriented, didn't see my knee coming until it struck them in the nose. He fell on his back, groaning in pain.

And still the rest didn't run.

…is, are you serious? Why wouldn't they run at this point? They are obviously outmatched here.

Three came at the same time, I dodged a grapple, holding onto his shirt to swing him around right into the wall, dodging to the side of a kick, grabbing the offending leg I simply pulled it up, causing the man to fall on his back, shouting in pain. My feet raised and I lashed out, striking at his throat.

He wouldn't be getting up for some time.

My eyes landed on a classic cheap-shot weapon, and my hands reached for a bottle lying in a gutter. The glass made an awful scream when I smashed it against his temple; it didn't cut deep, but it stunned him enough for me to use the momentum. I shoved the same arm forward into his chest — a straight, clean palm — and as his torso folded, I used that forward motion to pivot and kick another attacker who'd tried to flank me.

Another tried swinging at my head; I used the forearm block, caught his jaw with a palm strike, and let the motion carry me into a low sweep that took both his legs out from under him. He hit concrete in a tangle.

Breathing more deeply than before, I scan the area.

Without looking, I lift a leg and kick the guy who was trying to silently get back up into the floor, making sure to drag his face on the concrete.

How embarrassing, I really need to get my body up to par soon. Normally, he wouldn't have gotten up after I was done with him.

"A–are you a cape?"

And we're back to the question from the start. Nice recap, right?

I glance at the girl who'd managed to get her voice working again. She's trembling a little, but still trying to look composed. She had pretty dark hair tied in a twin tail, and a very attractive face, but that wasn't saying much considering the Anime bump up.

For some reason, she also had a boob window.

Spoiler: Leah Tress

She's looking at me expectantly.

"Nope." I lie, like a liar.

"Aaaaw, really?" She pouts so hard I can almost hear the sound effect. "I totally thought this would be my big moment — you know, 'saved by a real hero'!"

"But even if you're not a cape," she continues, smile returning full force, "you're still a hero!"

"Nope," I deadpan.

"Eeeeh?! Why not? You saved us, didn't you? That's literally what heroes do!"

"I didn't save anyone," I say completely serious, giving a brief kick to a guy that was trying to get up again, he groans on the pavement.

"Nu-uh! You totally saved us!" she insists, finger wagging like she's scolding me for denying reality.

Was this girl not scared of me?

"Sure," I roll my eyes. "Whatever you say."

"Yes! Now I can finally say that a hero saved me!" Was this girl right on the head? Given the exasperated glance from her friend, this didn't seem to be an unusual occurrence.

Yeah, no. I'm out. I can already feel the migraine building if I stay here another second.

Naturally, she follows me. And, like a hostage to her enthusiasm, so does the skeptical friend.

I ignore her, silently praying she's like a stray cat — give it no attention and maybe it'll wander off.

"Hey, hey, hero! What's your name?"

No response. Just walking. The pout in her voice grows audible. The airheaded girl seemed oblivious to the way her friend was trying to get her attention to leave me be.

"Are you ignoring me?"

I stop, which causes her to stumble before she stops as well to look at me. Slowly, I turn a blank stare straight at her, met by a wide, cheerful smile in response, as if happy I finally decided to acknowledge her.

I turn around and keep walking.

"C'mon, hero! Just one word! You know, like—'You're welcome for the save, random civilian, my name is—'"

"I didn't save you."

"Ah-ha! You did talk—wait, is that seriously the only thing you're gonna reply with?!"

Silence. But her pout deepens, so I consider that a win.

"Leah, he clearly doesn't want to talk to us. Let's just go," her friend says, finally stepping in. Unlike Miss Sunshine, she was black and had lengthy silky hair that streamed in a single ponytail. She also had hips for days, dangerous enough to cause traffic accidents.

Yeah, anime-world proportions are definitely not subtle.

Spoiler: Pritt

"But I wanna thank him for the help!"

"I didn't help you."

"Oh my god," Leah groans, dragging her hands down her face. "You're only going to respond to that, aren't you?"

I stay silent.

She groaned, putting her face in her hands. Her friend, on the other hand, seemed to be stifling her chuckles.

"Let's go Leah, your dad is probably wondering where we went." Her friend hooked an arm around her, trying to get her out of the perceived funk.

I don't really care, I' already walking away from this circus.

Leah groans. "Ugh! But it's so boring there! I know Dad's short-staffed, but he really shouldn't make his dear daughter slave away—"

She was cut off because I did a complete one-eighty and marched right back to them.

Leah looked at me in startled confusion, while her friend had the better reaction and tensed, ready to bolt at the drop of a hat.

"Your dad," I say flatly.

"Uh… what about him?"

"You said he needed help?"

She hesitates, then nods slowly.

I nod back.

"Take me to him."

I haven't been able to find a single place willing to hire me.

But will the man truly say no to his daughter's saviour?

Job: Acquired.


AN: I swear to god I am not messing with these rolls, the Gacha just truly wishes for a smut chapter to occur. Also, I did not know that Gambler was a thing, but at the same time, I am unsurprised that the biggest Chance game has another in-built chance system.
Last edited: Jun 5, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, StrugglingMind, EvilSmirk and 1,418 others
PassingBy
Nov 3, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 5: Job Acquired, Unemployed Status Lost
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Nov 13, 2025
Add bookmark
#79
The man before me looked nothing like his daughter.

Leah was small and petite, a cheerful ball of energy that was better left alone, a dumb puppy too happy for you to kick away.

This guy was a solid contender in the size and height department for my partial Oni form. Grey hair and beard shaved in style, arms thicker than trees, with a stature just as broad. A piercing gaze, face as if it was carved out of rock, from how intense it seemed, leaving no doubt about what his past profession was.

Definitely got into fights, enough to run a threat assessment on me the moment I walked in.

And right now, that man was glaring at me.

Not that I took it personally, he looked like someone who just glared at everything by default. Probably had a bad case of resting murder face, like Rachel.

"You the boy who saved my little girl?" he asked, voice deep.

"Daddy, I already told you he did!" Leah chimed in.

"And I'm asking him now." He spoke without looking at her.

"No," I replied flatly.

He stared. The way he held himself told me of military training. I had no doubt behind the counter, in arm's reach, was probably some kind of gun that he could whip out in a second before I took a step.

Good, I approve.

The bar was busy, too. By the time we reached here, the sun had gone down, and night had started. People were mingling about; various glasses were being knocked back after a day of living in this shitty world.

The bar was also located deeper into the seedier sides of the city, so I made sure to account for each person who came in. We were in the rougher end of Brockton, and it showed, everyone who walked in was strapped with either an arm or at least a small shiv. Not visible, but under my gaze, it wasn't difficult to find it.

I noted them all, then dismissed them. None was a threat.

"No?" Robert echoed my words.

"I didn't save them," I repeated, steady.

He looked at me, waiting for me to elaborate. But I had no idea what to elaborate on, so I just stayed silent and matched his stare. This silence stretched for some time.

"He doesn't talk much, Robert," Pritt said suddenly, tone dry as the desert. I only knew her name because Leah hadn't stopped talking since we left the alley.

The large man grunted, "You didn't save them, but you took care of them ABB thugs?"

"Yes."

"Can I ask why?" He looked puzzled.

I shrugged, "Needed to blow off some steam."

He considered my words, eyes closing as the mind worked. Then he nodded once, deliberate, satisfied enough from my answer.

"Where'd you learn to fight?"

"Self-taught."

"Any work experience?"

"None legitimate."

Robert looks me up and down and shows the instinct of someone who survived their fare share of skirmishes when he doesn't dismiss me as a threat.

I stay silent as he scrutinizes me since I'm doing the same.

"Whoa," Leah whispered. "This is so surreal."

"They do act alike, don't they?" Pritt murmured back, not even bothering to keep her voice down.

Robert and I both glare at them; unfortunately, all we got was amusement from them.

"We still need to talk about you girls walking alone." And their amusement died, both sharing winces at the reminder.

From the corner of the bar, one of the regulars — a burly guy halfway through his drink — chuckled. "Didn't think I'd live to see the day someone matched Bull Iron Robert."

His friend snorted. She had a half-shaved head with a nose piercing. "And by a kid, no less."

Both of them went pale the second Robert and I turned our synchronized death glares on them.

"Oh shit," one muttered, sinking into his chair. "There really are two of them."

Giving off a huff, the definitely retired soldier looked back at me, "You said you wanted a job."

"I did."

"Why should I give it to you?"

"Daddy!" Leah immediately jumped in, her hands flying to her hips like she was about to scold him. "You know he came here just because he heard you needed help!"

She said that proudly, as if I did something sweet instead of brutally assaulting six men, and any misplaced belief that I did this out of kindness needed to be crushed immediately.

"I came for the job," I say plainly. "I was planning on emotionally blackmailing your father into accepting me."

"Yeah, exactly, he came to help- huh?!" Leah gave me a betrayed look that did wonders to my soul. Her friend's shoulders shook as she tried to contain her laughter.

"Why would you need emotional blackmail?" Pritt managed to ask in between chuckles.

"I don't have any papers or experience. No one wanted to hire me." I pause, looking up to meet Robert's eyes, this damned teenage body making me to small for us to see eye to eye.

"Hmmm," The man closed his eyes.

When Robert opened them again, there was now an intensity to them, a sense of finality that made my muscles tense in readiness to spring into action. My senses narrowing and ignoring anything that would be a distraction in case a fight broke out.

"Why this job?" I heard the unasked question behind the simple words.

'Why a legitimate job?'

I already basically implied of doing criminal work, the fact that I'm also good enough to knock around six guys without a single scratch showed that I was proficient in what I did.

He clearly pegged me for what I was, someone who's seen blood, someone who doesn't flinch when things go from bad to worse.

If it were for money, there were easier, dirtier ways to gain it in this city.

Well, it doesn't matter anyway.

Because-

"I want to."

It was that simple.

I'm not doing this because I have to.

I'm doing it because I chose to.

That was all I needed.

Robert smiled, and the pressure building up for a fight melted away. That smile spoke of understanding, and I tried to ignore the weird feeling that coursed as he directed it to me.

"You're hired."

I couldn't help the smile that stretched across my face.

"Thank you for having me," I said, extending a hand. "Samuel."

"Robert Tress." He took my hand, shaking it firmly. His hand was calloused, the type I was familiar with, since my hands were the same.

Spoiler: Robert Tress

"Ah! So your name is Samuel!" Leah squealed, clapping her hands together. "That's such a beautiful name!"

Fuck, I forgot about her. I immediately regretted introducing myself.

"Oi! What's with that face?" Leah pouted, puffing her cheeks.

My feelings might have shone through, because Robert began to give a low chuckle, followed by Pritt who couldn't hold herself anymore, snickering as Leah whined.

How weird.

Why is it that seeing them laugh like this-

Makes everything feel so warm?

[FEAT: Acquire a legitimate job, even if through the power of emotional blackmail, which is incredible for a street rat who doesn't even know elementary subjects!

1x Silver Familiar Gacha Ticket]​


"Alright, given that you don't have any experience, pay close attention."

I stood behind the counter, holding the mug he'd handed me — apparently meant for a cappuccino — and watched carefully as he worked.

"When warming the milk, make sure to let it flow in a circle around the edge. It smooths out the foam and makes it easier to draw when making the coffee. Be careful not to touch the steam tube, it's piping hot, and you can easily hurt yourself."

As the milk began to froth and rise, he shifted aside, grabbing a mug that already had two shots of espresso waiting at the bottom.

"First, get rid of about a quarter of the milk, watch how I do it." He pours some of it into another smaller container. I notice how, by doing it slowly, the foam remains on the larger pitcher while the milk flows out cleanly into the smaller one.

"Now you don't have to worry about spilling anything by having too much milk while mixing the coffee." With a quick, practiced twist of his wrist, he poured the foam and drew a perfect white heart on top of the dark surface.

"…do it again."

Robert sighed, "Again?"

"C'mon, that's the third time you've said that!" Leah complained from her stool at the bar, legs swinging idly.

"The peanut gallery should stay silent."

"Hey!"

"She's got a point, you know," Pritt said without looking up from her phone, having gotten bored with this after my second request. "You're not gonna learn unless you actually try."

Yes, thank you, Pritt, for the obvious observation. I was just memorizing the fine details — the micro-adjustments of posture, the way his elbow moved with his wrist. Copying people was easier when you understood how they held themselves.

Also, a fun fact, phones apparently advanced a lot from what I remember. Of course, this world being five years in the future, I had expected some advancement on the technological front, but such a sudden spike of innovation was still difficult to wrap my head around.

"Fine," I finally said, nodding. "I should have enough."

Definitely not because of them egging me on.

Robert raised an eyebrow but handed me the tools. I poured out the excess milk and forced every muscle to move in perfect imitation — from the rotation of the wrist to the exact pressure on the cup.

You never realize how many tiny muscle groups you control until you try to move like a machine. It's hell.

Heat the milk. Smooth the foam. Wrist rotation. Arm movement. Draw.

The result: …less than impressive.

[FEAT: Prepare a mediocre cup of joe, good enough to drink but not enough to sell.

1x Bronze Random Gacha Ticket]​

I scowled at the wobbling excuse for a heart.

"Huh," Robert mused from behind me, "not bad for a first attempt."

"Not bad?!" Leah leaned over the counter, eyes wide. "How the heck did you even do that? I've been working here almost a year and I still can't do that!"

"Skill issue," I said flatly.

Her pout deepened instantly.

Pritt gave her a consoling pat on the shoulder, then tilted her head toward me. "She's right though. You sure you've never done this before?"

I shook my head.

She gave a low whistle. "Huh. When we tried it, we ended up spilling milk everywhere."

"Skill issue."

Pritt raised her phone like a weapon. "I will throw this at you."

I sniffed. "You'd miss."

Robert cleared his throat before the two could escalate, arms crossed as he studied me again. "You copied me," he said — not really a question.

"Yes."

"Is that why you asked me to do it three times?" Maybe I went a bit overboard, but I wanted my first attempt to be better than was expected. Give a bit of oomph in case Robert changed his mind about hiring me by proving how quickly I can learn.

"Yes," I said simply. "I needed to see how you moved — all of it. Legs, hips, shoulders, hands, fingers. Every detail."

Still bad however, the foam was off, the drawing was already dissolving, and the heart had been too fat to be proper.

Still, it was a start, even if it annoyed me a bit by how bad it looked.

"That's creepy, Sammy." Leah shuddered.

"The peanut gallery should stay silent," I said.

"Stop calling me that!"

"Don't call me nicknames."

"But mine are cute and yours aren't, so quit it!"

No, no, I don't think I will.

"Well, at least you know the basics of being a barista," Robert said. "Now you need to learn to prep the small menu items, know the drink names, and — most importantly…" He paused, looked me dead in the eye. "Take out the trash."

Classic. The more things change, the more they stay the same.

"Eh? Hey Dad, why'd you put that much emphasis on trash?" Leah asked, genuinely puzzled. I shouldn't have expected anything more from this ditz.

"Because it obviously isn't about trash, Leah." Pritt sighed at her friend.

"What? Then why did he say that?" She blinked.

I ignore the airhead and her friend, giving Robert a look that expresses my thoughts on the matter, just to make sure we're on the same page about what constitutes as 'trash'. I had already been kicked out once when I thought I understood what my boss wanted, but was very deeply wrong.

He nodded once, "Don't kill anyone."

Directives given. Mission parameters set.

"Kill? Hold up, wha-" Leah started.

"How much will I be paid?" I cut off the peanut gallery, ignoring the pitiful glare she sends my way.

Taking a napkin off the counter, he grabs a pen from his apron pocket and writes down a number.

"By doing all those services, about this much per month. That good?"

I look at what he wrote.

Were four zeros a lot per month? I curse my former self for never giving a shit about money, and as such, never giving me a frame of reference. A problem gained from having none as a kid, so it didn't matter, to having the gang take care of all my needs, so I never looked at the price of anything to get whatever I wanted.

I'd never learned what 'enough' actually looked like.

Still, given the choked gasp of Leah and Pritt, who were both looking over my shoulder, I guess it was pretty good.

I nod in agreement.

"When do I start?" I ask.

He opened his mouth to answer — and a sharp crash cut him off. The distinct sound of glass being shattered rang across the suddenly much livelier bar.

Two men, large and clearly intoxicated, were brawling, one was holding the remnants of a cup he used to smash into the other's face. They were shouting something at each other, but it was drowned by the sudden voices of the crowd, the mood shifting from subdued conversations to active entertainment.

But I ignored it all as my newest boss's words reached me.

"Right now."

That was all I needed to hear.

"Uhm, dude, what are you-?" Pritt tries to speak, managing to tear her gaze away from the sudden instance of violence, while Leah was still staring, even if she didn't seem surprised by the development.

I moved through the thinning crowd. People had already cleared from the area, having taken notice of the buildup before fists went flying, and were now just watching it play out. Some cheered on, others seemed indifferent.

It painted a picture of the bar, how this was frequent enough that nobody looked surprised. This kind of thing was apparently part of the evening's programming.

Whatever, my job is to throw away the trash, and that's what I'll do-

Oh, wait, Boss said I gotta open this up with diplomacy first.

I stepped between the two fighters and raised my hands, using the ornate politeness I'd picked up being shoved into social roles by the gang bosses. "Esteemed customers, please stop fighting and leave the premises."

I didn't understand half of the fancy words they used, but some could be picked up from the context.

The bar quieted down, all eyes now on me.

"The hell? What's a kid doing here?" One of the guys swayed as he spoke, face flushed from drinking, a hand bleeding from holding the broken glass.

The other snorted, "Get the fuck out of here, kid! Go back to sucking on yo momma's tits."

"I'll make you taste her tits!" And they were back to fighting, the one who took a cup to the face managing to tackle the other to the ground.

Some of the patrons cheered them on. The bar settled into an excited lull.

Very well.

In a second, they were separated.

"The hell?" one of them managed, blinking up at me.

I held them both by the scruff of their collars, firm enough that they couldn't pull free.

"Diplomacy has failed," I announced to the suddenly silent bar.

Then promptly turned around, walking to the front door and dragging the two troublemakers with me, their legs scrapping against the floor as I drag them towards the door.

"Hey, hey kid get off-" I pull him up and for a few seconds, his knees leave the floor, before I slam his face against the ground. He stopped moving.

"What the fuc—?!" the other started, and I didn't bother waiting. I drove my elbow into the top of his head hard enough to ragdoll him; his lights went out in a sick little clatter.

Eradication Fist truly was incredible, because in no reality, an elbow blow strong enough to knock someone out didn't mean heavy internal brain damage.

I opened the front door and threw them into the street. Close to the bar, someone would drag them home or at least make sure they didn't immediately get killed by something worse.

Wiping my hand like some proud janitor, I walked back into the still-stunned bar. Everyone watched with varying degrees of shock.

"Anyone else?" I asked.

Ah look at that, they're all back to normal.

People shuffled, then resumed their drinks and conversations as if nothing had happened.

[FEAT: Incite mass fear in a crowd of veterans without using any special abilities!
1x Random Gold Gacha Ticket]​

Ignoring the loitering masses, I make my way to my newest boss.

"Good job." Was his simple reply. Robert was also good at hiding his surprise, but I was even better at reading people, so it was noticeable.

Guess my threat level went up a few notches in his mind.

"Woooah! You were like, 'Leave now.'" I do not sound like that, Leah's light voice too different from my own, even as she deepened it.

Her voice was a high, dramatic commentary, all flailing hands and glittering eyes.

"And then they were like 'no way!'" Was she going to narrate the whole thing?

"And then you said, 'Diplomacy has failed.'" Again, I did not sound like.

On the other hand, while Leah was clearly hyped up by what I did, her friend was watching me with a weird gaze. Both of us ignored the continuation of her rendition of what happened.

"Hey, are you really self-taught?" Her scepticism was obvious, but at least it was good to know someone around here had basic common sense about what they see.

While I was pretty good at fighting before I died, it was secondary to my skill in killing. But after the upgrade of Eradication Fist, my fighting skill rose beyond comprehension.

Well, it's not a lie anyway, since I did technically learn it by myself, rolling the Gacha.

"Fighting with your life on the line teaches you fast," I said. "Make too many mistakes and you die. So, you learn not to repeat them."

Leah stopped talking, both looking at me like I'm crazy.

Did I say something wrong? I thought such logic was obvious to everyone else. At least Robert nodded along with my words, seemingly already having a similar sentiment to that.

I don't know why Pritt reacted like that, however.

After all, she's the most dangerous person here.


"I'm home."

My voice echoed faintly through the apartment as I closed the door behind me, the words foreign, but they felt like they should be used in this situation.

The soft click of the door felt loud in the quiet. Only a few lights were on, one from the dining room, another faint glow bleeding in from the kitchen. The rest of the place was swallowed by shadows.

"You're late."

Rachel's voice came from the dining table. She was sitting there, elbows on the surface, chin resting on her hand. A single lamp above her cast long shadows across her face, leaving half of it in darkness. How long was she waiting for me there?

A brief glance at the clock hanging on the wall tells me it's almost one in the morning.

"I never told you when I'd be back," I pointed out, slipping off my shoes.

"It's very late."

"Sorry," I said simply, heading for the kitchen. "Next time I'll tell you."

The faucet creaked as I filled a glass of water. The sound of running water filled the silence for a moment. When I turned back, she wasn't glaring anymore, her expression had softened slightly, which I could generously call happy. A grunt escaped her, low and wordless, but I could read the pleased tone it contained.

"I got a job," I said, breaking the quiet.

She gave a short hum, which I interpret as questioning.

"Yeah, at a bar. I'll get paid by the end of the week, so I'll cover the rent then, if that's alright."

Her brows furrowed. "I didn't ask for it."

"I'm giving it anyway."

She blinked, visibly thrown off by that. "Why?"

I took a sip of water before answering. "Because I like you?"

I meant it in the way one might appreciate a quiet moment. She was blunt, didn't talk too much, and didn't pry, which I liked quite a bit. Apparently, that wasn't how she heard it.

Rachel froze. Then, slowly, color crept up her neck.

"…you're a fucking idiot," she muttered, turning away.

"You'll be a bigger idiot if you don't take it," I replied, deadpan.

Her eye twitched.

"Wanna go, fucker?" she snapped, stepping forward and grabbing me by the shirt. She pulled me closer, her grip firm enough to wrinkle the fabric.

I leaned forward until we were almost nose to nose. Her breath hitched, but she didn't back off. Her gaze dipped — just briefly — to my lips before darting back up.

"No," I said simply. "That's why I'm paying. To stay here."

We stayed like that for a moment, caught in some strange middle ground between tension and the fact that I didn't want to move and damage my shirt; she had a very tight grip.

Then she shoved me back, muttering curses under her breath.

"Fine, whatever! Go shower again, you stink!" My, what harsh words.

Still, I frowned slightly. I was fairly sure my Musk ability was supposed to make my scent appealing; apparently, it just made me smell stronger. Wonderful.

Rachel paused in the middle of the hallway, still red in the face.

"And leave the clothes out!" she called back. "I'm washing later."

Spoiler: Blushing Rachel

"Sure," I said.

Her door slammed shut a moment later. The lamp flickered once before going out, leaving the dining room dim again.

I finished my water in silence, staring into the empty glass.

[FEAT: Be a dense anime protagonist. I truly did not believe it was possible.
1x Random Gold Gacha Ticket]​

Your funny words have no meaning to me, cosmic man. All I know is that I'm acting like Goku since he is anime, and as such, should strive to continue on such a path.

{…you're a fucking idiot.}​

Roll my tickets bitch.

Bronze first.

[Hellhound]
|Uncommon Familiar|
A large vicious hound hailing from the underworld, they are around the size of humans with maws filled with fire that they can breathe out; they are also strong enough to tear a grown man in half with ease. By default, they are female and can reproduce. Install Card Modification: Ally with the card can now turn into the Hellhound​

Huh, I guess I already know who is getting this.

Wonder how Rachel's power synergises with this? If normal dogs grow to the size of cars, then what would a Hellhound look like after getting roided up by her power? Would it work on herself if she were a canine?

Thoughts for later.

Silver familiar ticket now.

[Potato GLaDOS]
|Uncommon Familiar|
Portal - Glados is a highly advanced AI that contains an immense amount of data from Aperture Labs and is capable of interfacing with any system and mainframe she is put into. She is capable of building technology too but... she is stuck in a potato. So you will have to find a way to supply her with the technology first. Install Card Modification: Ally with the card is now capable of GLaDOS interfacing capabilities.​

Cool, if I ever find someone who wants to be a hacker, I'll give it to them. This is probably the holy grail of getting information in this age of technology, so it'll also be a pretty good bargaining chip.

Let's see how my gold one does it then.

[Junimo]
|Common Familiar|
Stardew Valley - Junimos are lesser forest spirits and are called the keepers of the forest. They are supernaturally good at maintaining forests, wildlands, and farms, as well as farming effectively, but lack any offensive abilities. You get 50 Junimos, and that number increases as you get stronger. Install Card modification: The Card can be gifted to up to 50 other people; they all gain the abilities of Junimos.​

…well, if I ever need to start a farm, I'll be sure to use this then.

Also, apparently, I can still get common things from a gold ticket. Dammit, my luck truly is horrendous.

…Gambler, help me out.

19!
[Ticket Advantage!]​

Holy shit, that worked?

[Fireball]
|Uncommon Ability|
Allows you to form and launch balls from your hands or other appendages, the potency and size of the fireballs are dependent on the amount of energy expended.

Or

[Waterbending]
|Elite Skill|
Avatar - You are an apprentice Waterbender, being able to use your internal energy to interact with the water in the world around you, using movements to bend to your will. The more experienced and trained you are, the stronger your bending.​



Fireball is just a more limited Flamethrower. So Waterbending it is.

I lie down on my couch, already dozing off even as a surge of knowledge makes itself home within my mind.

Best of all, no sexual rolls.

Today was a good day.


AN: Gambler coming in clutch, cause my luck is fucking horrendous. And finally, there were no horny rolls! I used to pray for days like this
Last edited: Nov 13, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, StrugglingMind, EvilSmirk and 1,495 others
PassingBy
Nov 13, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 6 - Gang War? Not my business
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Nov 28, 2025
Add bookmark
#105
"Sit."

"Woof."

"Paw."

"Woof?"

"…bang."

The little puppy immediately flopped onto his side, legs sticking out like a fallen soldier.

I take this as an absolute win.

A second later, he sprang back up, tail wagging furiously as he ran circles around my legs, occasionally tugging at the hem of my pants as if demanding more attention, more praise, more whatever-it-is that made his tiny dog brain happy.

How did I get roped into this?

Excellent question.

The answer: Rachel asked if I wanted to walk the dogs with her, and I said yes.

Three days had passed since I moved in with her. Friday morning rolled in cold and misty, sea fog hugging the ground the way only a harbor town like Brockton Bay could manage. The streets were damp, the air smelled faintly of salt and diesel, and the leash in my hand was already wet from the dog's enthusiasm.

In that time, I'd fallen into a routine.

Wake up early.

Train this weaker teenage body back into something respectable.

Handle small errands that I only now realized existed, apparently, humans need things like detergent, toilet paper, and dish sponges. Leah had been unexpectedly helpful with that list. I would never tell her that.

Then I'd head to work from noon until night, learning the subtleties of being a barista while also making sure nobody got any funny ideas while I was on the clock. As per the words of my newest boss, I am to crack down on any type of aggressive behaviour with extreme prejudice.

Surprisingly, there had been no pushback from the ABB so far. I half-expected them to come looking for me, but according to Robert, the guys I beat up probably didn't tell a soul. Shame does wonders to people's ability to keep their mouths shut.

On the second day, I also received this:

[FEAT: Became a known strong entity in the eyes of the powers of Brockton Bay
1x Random advantage Gold Gacha Ticket]​

Which meant the authorities had finally taken note of Ura-doji.

If Brockton Bay worked anything like Salvador, every gang had someone sitting comfortably inside the PRT, leaking whatever intel came through the official channels. So if the PRT knew, the gangs knew.

Well, except the Empire. They were very likely the ones who spread the information in the first place.

But honestly? I couldn't care less about their little information circles. My attention was on my new job. It bothered me at first that I wasn't paid per fight — I mean per job — but then I remembered this was a normal job. You work a set number of hours, on set days, and get paid based on total hours. A strange concept for someone who previously got paid the moment he dragged a problem out of a building by the throat.

Annoyingly, this also meant I couldn't give Rachel the rent money for another four days.

Normally I would be browsing the markets right now, searching for ingredients to improve my cooking. But when Rachel asked me to join her for the morning dog walk — both for company and to help wrangle any overly aggressive strays — I agreed. Those were the terms for me staying at her place, after all. She seemed pleased. I've learned quickly that Rachel values people who follow through their word.

Fortunately, the dogs were being agreeable today. No fights, no sudden lunges at birds, no escaping into traffic. Miraculous, really.

Which left me here: standing in the middle of a foggy sidewalk, staring down at a three-legged puppy gazing up at me with the biggest, most cosmic eyes I'd ever seen.

I had been trying to teach him tricks for the past two hours.

There had been zero success.

"Still trying?"

"Don't make fun of me," I mutter.

"I will."

"Fuck you."

Rachel snorted, the corner of her mouth twitching upward for half a second before her expression fell back to her usual glower. The fog curled around us as we stood there, watching the dogs roughhouse in the wet grass.

"Are you going to save more?" I ask.

"Yes," she said seriously. Her face was neutral, but her shoulders were set in that stubborn, immovable way of hers.

"You won't be able to save all of them," I said.

The effect was immediate. Her jaw tightened, mad that I brought it up, but didn't seem to direct the anger at me specifically, just angry at the words.

"I know," she snapped. "But that shit doesn't matter. I'll save as many as I can."

"And then what?" I pressed. "Where will you put them? You need somewhere. You won't be able to take care of every dog you save by just putting them on your backyard."

"Shut up!" This time the glare did aim directly at me, in both anger and beneath it a layer of hurt, as if I was putting down her goal of trying to get as many as possible.

"Okay," I said simply. "Then I'll think of something."

She blinked. "…Huh?"

"You need somewhere to put everyone," I said, nodding at the pack currently tackling each other in the mud. They were brighter now, more alive than the starved, trembling creatures I'd seen in that basement. "So, I'll think of something. Maybe buy a dog shelter."

That would take a ridiculous amount of money. But the Gacha had already spat out stranger miracles. And if it didn't give me what I needed, then I'll find another way.

No," Rachel said immediately, the word spat with the kind of disgust people reserve for rotten meat. "Shelters are shit."

I can understand her having problems with dog shelters, since most charities barely receive any money or resources needed for their stated goal; most of the time, the parties in charge of the charity keep the largest part.

I'm guessing that Rachel met a few shelters that didn't really care about the dogs they were advertising as caring. While I don't think all of them are the same, I'm confident enough to say that most are just from seeing the state of the city.

"What if you're the one in charge?" I asked. Her head snapped toward me, the interest in it was obvious, as much as it was the hope trying and failing to disguise itself within her eyes.

"You know how to take care of dogs," I continued. "You'd run it the right way, and people could bring dogs to you. You'd have a place to keep them. On top of everything, you'll have an actual government-supported business, so it should all be legal."


The more I said it, the more the idea took shape. Of course, we'd need licenses, paperwork saying we're qualified, money for food, medicine, space, repairs…

But it wasn't impossible.

Rachel stayed quiet, staring at the dogs but clearly thinking, brow slightly furrowed. Her anger had cooled into contemplation.

Some might question why I'm going so far for a girl that I've only known for all of three days. And I would normally agree with them, if it weren't for the fact that I am now conceptually bound to find myself in the narrative of the world.

For you see, if I do indeed give Rachel a dog shelter, that would have long-standing consequences that would create waves, disrupting the normal path that this world would take, right?

As such, it would constantly feed into my Curse of Interesting Times, right?

Man, I'm so smart that sometimes I scare myself.

I let Rachel mull over the conversation in silence and turn my attention back to the furry menace chewing on my ankle.

"Hand."

"Woof!"

The puppy licked me.

"No, hand."

Another lick. Slobberier.

"You're doing this on purpose, aren't you?" The little puppy looks into my eyes with wide pupils, tongue flopping out as it rags for breath.

While I'm debating how far I could reasonably throw this tiny gremlin, I catch movement beside me.

"You're not doing it right." Rachel, who was watching in amusement, decided to step in, plopping herself down next to me on the cold grass of the park.

"He doesn't understand what you want from him," she says, nodding at the puppy struggling with his own back legs. "And you're not giving him a reason to care."

I stare at the dumb puppy, idly noting that he was a boy by her words, "How do I do it, then?"

She paused, scowl returning as she thought, "Rumble when you speak," she said, demonstrating it with a soft growl at the back of her throat that sent her voice into a low pitch.

It was strange, but the puppy's reaction was immediate, his attention snapping toward her like she had just flipped a switch.

"Also, stiffen up," she adds. "Being loose like that isn't helping anything."

I make myself become rigid. I don't like it. Every part of me wants to stay loose and coiled, ready in case something happens, but I force the springiness out of my shoulders anyway. It feels unnatural, like I'm locking the safety pin of a gun.

"Be firm about it," she finishes. Then she turns to the puppy, gives a sharp, low command, "Roll!" and flicks her wrist in a clean sweeping motion.

The puppy watches her hand. I can physically feel the cogs in that empty box work to make a connection, then awkwardly rolls once and pops up again, looking ridiculously proud of himself.

"You're amazing," I say before I think about it. Was it even possible for a human being to understand dogs at such a level that they would follow your commands? For a second, I wondered if it had to do with her power, but the words of the book rejected the notion, stating firmly that it was a skill earned from years of living with them and understanding them in ways normal people don't bother learning.

Rachel seemed thrown off by my statement, frowning harder my way, even as a dust of red showed that she was flustered by the compliment.

"Tsk. You try it," she mutters, yanking her attention toward the other dogs. She tries to look focused on them, though I can feel her sneaking glances at me when I go back to focusing on her words.

I look down at the puppy again.

Alright. Strong voice. Clear intent. And a motion that actually matches what I want. I try to put everything she said into the way I stand, the way I breathe. A set of languages spoken through our bodies to achieve a means of nonverbal communication, with a small help from commands.

There's a strange sensation in my chest, almost like something instinctive unfurling, settling into place.

My inner Oni stirs.

"Hand."

Something warm presses against my palm.

Not the puppy's paw.

I blink and slowly raise my eyes. Rachel is staring right back at me, equally wide-eyed, her hand resting on mine like she didn't even think before doing it.

We hold there for a second.

Then she snatches her hand away so fast she nearly trips over herself, face flaring bright red. She bares her teeth in something that looks like a threat but feels more like panic, then spins on her heel and marches off without a word.

I look down at the puppy.

"You got any idea what that was?"

"Woof."

[FEAT: The first steps have been taken to dealing with an unruly bitch!
1x Random Silver Gacha Ticket]


[FEAT: Continue to be a dense ass Protagonist, like seriously, how do you keep doing it?
1x Random Gold Gacha Ticket]​

"Huh, I thought you were a boy?"

"…woof." [Translation: You're a fucking idiot.]


I have made a grave mistake with this job, by the way.

Never before has my confidence trembled so violently. Never before have I understood so clearly that I had doomed myself with my own choices.

"Hey, Sammy! Milk coffee for Bryce, please!" Leah chirps the order as she drops a receipt in front of me, bouncing on the balls of her feet. She's in her "uniform, which meant she was just wearing an apron on top of her other clothes.

The mistake is this: Leah, Robert's relentlessly cheerful daughter, mentioned she only worked here part-time to help her dad. I, in my infinite optimism, assumed my hiring meant she'd scale back.

I was wrong. Horribly wrong.

The bar is busy every evening, apparently we're one of the only decent, non gang-affiliated places within walking distance, so she's here almost as much as I am. My shifts start at two or four, depending on the day; hers start the second she sprints here after school and continue until close.

In other words, I now interact with her constantly.

Please, send help.

This is not a joke; the worst part isn't even dealing with her personality. No, the real problem is –

"A—aaagh!" Leah squeals as the tray in her hands starts wobbling. She takes one step backward, another sideways, tangles her own legs, and down she goes—again—catapulting three scalding drinks into the air.

The fourth time this week.

Leah is a catastrophic klutz.

But get this! Only when she's working!

What the fuck?

I stare at the rain of ruined beverages with the defeated resignation of a soldier watching his battalion fall.

"Oh man," she groans from the floor, already scrambling up. "I was so sure I had it this time."

"I wasn't," I say flatly.

"That was pretty close though!" She ignores my words.

"It wasn't." I'm already remaking the drinks out of sheer survival instinct. Behind us, Pritt pauses mid-text, gives off a sigh, and silently goes to fetch the mop and broom she now keeps positioned permanently near the register.

Leah spins toward me, determination reigniting in her eyes like she was reborn from the ashes of her own incompetence.

"Okay! Give me another shot in the field, coach!" She holds her hands out dramatically.

My stare has reached peak levels of frigidness.

"No."

"Eeeeeh?" She deflated, "C'mon, Sammy! I almost got it. I'm sure next time I'll even do a trick with it!"

I pause mid-pour just to look at her properly. She can barely walk in a straight line by herself; the hell is she talking about doing a trick?

"How have you not been fired yet?"

"My dad is the boss." She flashes a peace sign.

"Nepotism at its finest."

It felt good to see the words hit her like a physical blow. Anime world truly made people more expressive, since I doubt someone would react like this in my old world.

"Y-you tried to blackmail my dad!" Was the reply of a coward who has been backed into a corner, so she decides to throw all his cards on the table.

Unfortunately, I flipped the table, since I don't give a damn.

"Skill issue." She sinks again, on her knees, soul leaving her body.

Maybe I should ask Pritt for more slang. She watches bizarre things on her phone, but the vocabulary is surprisingly effective for neutralizing teenagers.

Speaking of her—

I turn toward the only person here I can count on not to catastrophically collapse if left unsupervised. Pritt is leaning against the back counter, completely absorbed in her screen, having forgotten what she grabbed the mop for.

"Oi, slacker. Take this to table seven and come back for the rest—table twelve." I set a latte macchiato on the tray and slide the other drinks a little farther back so she won't confuse them. Again.

"Aye, aye captain." At least look at me when you're talking, brat. At this point, I almost miss the days when Pritt watched me with suspicion from behind the counter; now that she's comfortable, her phone might as well be surgically attached to her. And when she's not on that thing, she's talking to Leah, which is somehow worse.

I load another coffee into the machine and, while it runs, grab the mop and get to work on cleaning off the results of the crash, grabbing everything from the floor where the despair driven Leah is blankly looking at the ground, hands dangling at her side.

I pretend not to see her.

The place is packed tonight, the Friday rush, which means I can hear snippets of nearly every conversation. The bar hums with life at the sound of customers talking and laughing, the murmur of overlapping conversations making listening to anything difficult, but I manage.

Most of it is harmless nonsense, chatter that I don't care about-

"Jack you fucking dog-"

"Have you heard what happened to Levy? That poor girl..."

"Is it just me or is the beer getting worse?"

"Get my mother's name, out your fucking-"

I cut a glance across the room.

The man in mid-scream shuts up instantly and drops back into his seat like someone hit his power switch.

Reputation has its perks.

A reputation that was earned from breaking off multiple fights with extreme prejudice. There was a surprisingly high amount of them, enough to have me thinking it was because of the world having been a webcomic turned anime, making people much more expressive.

With the fight stopped before it could start, I nod lightly and go back, wiping off the cocktail of coffee that was made from the crash.

One of the patrons—someone I've never seen before—leans toward his friend while trying (and failing) to be subtle.

"Hey, what's the deal with the new kid? Everyone looks scared to death of him."

"You haven't heard? That's 'Flatline' Sam."

[FEAT: On top of having a cape name, gain another alias to your civilian identity!
1x Random Silver Gacha Ticket]​

I hate that stupid nickname.

The other guy squints at me. "Wait, that's Flatline? Huh. I thought he'd be… bigger." Thank you for reminding me of what I lost. Truly.

"Don't say that to his face unless you want to go flatline yourself," his friend mutters.

"Damn… that's rough. I mean, he looks young. How does a kid get a name like that?" His buddy keeps stealing glances at me, and since they are not subtle at all, its actually difficult eavesdropping on them while cleaning up Leah's mess.

"Well, they say his face never changes. Blank as a corpse. And if you annoy him enough, he'll make you match it." What kind of stories are circulating out there? I've only killed Hookwolf. A single neo-Nazi dogman.

His buddy shoots me another nervous glance, this time much more wary.

Good, it makes my job easier if people are too afraid of starting a fight in here, keeps the peace.

And peace is exactly what this bar lives off. I've learned a lot since I first started: the Night's Rest is neutral ground. No matter the grudges, gang wars, or ongoing feuds outside, when you step inside these doors, you leave that behind. Robert enforces this neutrality aggressively to send a message. Which is why the place stays packed; everyone likes a breather from chaos.

Finally done with the clean-up, I dump the broken glasses in the bin out back. We have an absurd supply of extras stacked on the shelves. Considering Leah, it's actually a miracle we aren't running low.

When I return to the main room, the first thing I see is Leah.

Still standing over the battlefield of her own making.

Still staring at it like it betrayed her.

I send her a long, exhausted glare.

Pritt finally looks up from her phone, noticing her emotionally ruined friend, and sighs like she's the one who had to deal with that.

"Sam," she calls, walking over with her hands tucked into her apron pockets, "stop bullying Leah. She's bad enough at the job without you kicking her while she's down."

Leah lets out a broken little whine at the same moment, shoulders folding inward as if Pritt's words physically struck her. She crumples further into the ground.

"First, don't call me Sam," I cross my arms. "Second, some people don't just fail to add to the workload; they go into the negatives. She's one of them."

Leah immediately bursts into deep-seated despair. "Whyyyyy—!?" She latches onto my sleeve like a drowning sailor clinging to driftwood. "I swear I tried so hard this time! I even concentrated! Sammy—Sammy, listen to me!"

She starts shaking me, trying her best to get my attention as I look away from her. I don't acknowledge her at first, she's practically harmless to me, I dealt with a lot more dangerous things than a high school girl with noodle arms.

But then she shakes me harder, throwing her weight with it.

My hand slips on the coffee I'm holding, the cup lurching.

That gets my attention.

I don't care if a building falls on me, but dropping a coffee I just made? That's unacceptable. That's a line.

I can't neutralise Leah, she's the daughter of my boss and as such someone of equal standing to a VIP. If I can't move her, then I need to move the coffee.

With the reflexes of someone who refuses to redo a drink, I twist, slide the cup onto the counter in a single motion, and immediately lose my footing as Leah tugs too far.

We both go down.

Hard.

But I don't focus on the pain of hitting the floor with my back, because Leah lands on top of me, and her face slides directly into my dick as she skids forward.

Damn you, Lucky Pervert.

[FEAT: Have a girl grind her face on your penis!
1x Advantage Random Silver Gacha Ticket]​

I close my eyes. I hate this fucking thing.

Leah freezes against me. For a moment, she goes very still, and then—

She inhales.

Deeply.

Her eyes widen, pupils dilating in real-time. "Wh… what—what is that smell…?"

Right. Musk. This just keeps getting better and better.

"Get off me," I say flatly.

She scrambles away so fast she nearly trips again, hands flying to her burning face. She points at me like I'm some kind of war crime. "W–why the flip do you smell so good?!"

I blink. "Flip?"

Pritt snorts. "That's your first instinct? Not 'sorry for headbutting his crotch'? Pervert." She coughs delicately into her fist.

"I'm NOT!" Leah squeaks, face now the exact shade of a supernova.

Gacha, this is all your fault. Fix this shit.

Rolling for my silver tickets.

[Schrodinger's cat]
|Common Familiar|
A regular-looking cat, but in reality it is the Schrodinger's cat, being able to teleport freely as long as it is not being observed and being immortal as it comes back to whenever its corpse is not observed. Install Card Modification: Ally now has Schrodinger's cat power-set.​

Wow, I can now give someone functional immortality? You know, I feel like the ability to make someone immortal should be much rarer than just Silver, but what do I know?

[Literacy]
|Uncommon Skill|
You know how to read effectively, you'd be shocked at how little people possess this skill. You know all common languages and mundane languages of the world you are in, and are very skilled at reading books and grimoires, allowing you to read them much faster and digest the information inside of them better.​

…I, is, is this the first roll where I am genuinely thankful for the Gacha?

I was never able to read properly, in fact I needed help from Robert to sign my documents since I can barely write anything, much less my name.

I can now read any language, I can now write anything I want with the most comprehensive words that would leave people shocked.

…okay, maybe this Gacha thing isn't so bad.

Ugh, almost threw up in my mouth. I just can't thank Bob even when he does nice things.

Use my silver advantage now.

[Efficient Physique]
|Uncommon Trait|
Your body is incredibly efficient, you are naturally able to digest and gain more energy from breathing, eating and sleeping. In addition, abilities consume slightly less energy to use.

Or

[Glock]
|Trash Item|
A gun, the old reliable Glock 19, simple, easy to use, easy to handle, and will work for most situations where you will simply need a basic handgun. You get a magazine for it every 24 hours.​


Without a second thought, I pick the Glock and feel it settle within my chest, ready to be called at a moment's notice

{…}​

What? I haven't gotten my hands on a piece for almost a full week now; I'm going through withdrawal. In my old life, I almost never walked around without some type of gun, and while it was kind of redundant to carry one around when I could turn into a Calamity, I just liked guns.

Stop judging me and roll the gold one.

[Gathering Swarm]
|Uncommon Familiar|
Hollow Knight - A swarm of bugs made of light that are incredible at gathering things, you simply need to think of what you need gathered and the Swarm will do it with great efficiency, picking up all loose change in a city block, picking up someone's wallet from their pocket, picking out all trash from an area, picking apart someone's corpse and much more. They individually do not have much strength, but are capable of lifting 5kg individually. The more concentration you have, the more bugs the Swarm makes. The more energy you have, the more bugs you can have out at once. Install Cards Modification: Ally can now call upon the Swarm at will.
​
For some reason, something in my soul is telling me to never give this to a certain neglected, bullied girl, cause I will surely start the apocalypse if I do so.

Weird.

Last one, give me something good.

…I now understand gamblers.

[Bell Gargoyles]
|Uncommon Familiar|
Darksouls - A pair of powerful gargoyles that tower over the average man, wielding supernaturally sturdy weapons. One is capable of breathing out fire, and the other, lightning; they have superhuman physiques strong enough to shatter walls with their blows. As your energy levels increase, you can summon more gargoyles to serve under your command. Install Card Modification: Allies will not change, but will have the power-set of the Bell Gargoyles, can currently gift this card up to 2 people. Increases number with use.



Or

[Bloodless]
|Uncommon Trait|
Bloodloss who? You don't bleed like they do, even if your body is drained of most of its blood, as long as there is a cupful left you won't feel its effect. If you are a vampire with this trait, you won't suffer the need for blood.​

Bloodless is kind of useless in my hands. With my Oni transformation, I will die from wounds before I die from blood loss, and if I am in a spot where I'm dying from blood loss, then having this ability won't help the situation I would be in.

Bell Gargoyles it is.

…I'm getting an awful lot of Familiars to give to people, but I have yet to find anything to do with them. Should I just start handing them out?

Hmm, I'll think about it later.

Deciding I'm done with that thought process, and ignoring the still bickering girls, I grab the saved coffee, straighten my apron, and turn toward the tables when something catches my attention.

In the corner, the small old television behind the bar flickers from a sports recap to breaking news. The volume is low, but the captions and anchors make the tone clear:


Violence between the Empire and the ABB has sharply increased. Several clashes in the last twenty-four hours. The PRT and Protectorate have yet to issue a formal statement. Investigation ongoing.

Ah, so the PRT have yet to make Hookwolf's death public knowledge. I'm guessing that most of people already know, just from the fact that the Empire won't shut up about it.

[FEAT: Incite a gang war while leaving scot free!
1x Random Silver Gacha Ticket]​

…How is a girl accidentally grinding her face into my crotch worth the same reward as making two gangs try to kill each other?

Right. Bob is horny. Never mind.

The news cycle had been chewing on Ura-Doji nonstop. Which was incredible since they didn't have anything on me, not even a photo. The only reason they even knew was thanks to a few members of the Empire leaking the encounter, and now people are asking if the ABB got a new member, because obviously the Japanese mythically inspired cape is in cahoots with the Asian gang of the Chinese Dragon.

The Empire, being the Empire, publicly blamed the ABB for Hookwolf's death. The ABB didn't deny it, taking the credit.

Behind me, Leah and Pritt have moved from shouting to actual physical combat. I'm not sure who escalated first, but both currently have hands tangled in each other's hair like gremlins fighting over a shiny object.

"You're just mad because you act like a brat on purpose!" Leah accuses, voice cracking with righteous fury. "You WANT someone to dominate you!"

Pritt sputters so hard she almost chokes on her own outrage. "I—WHAT—no I don't! Don't say weird things while customers can hear you!"

Several customers are, in fact, blatantly watching.

I look away before either can accuse me of something.

Instead, I turn to Robert, who's watching the chaos with an expression that could be carved out of marble. I now understand why they call him Iron. It was hard to picture anything that could shock the man.

"Should we be on the lookout for ABB retaliation?" I ask quietly. "I did stomp a little dirt on their name."

Robert doesn't even pause in his counting. "Like I said, kid, probably not. No gang member wants to admit they got their ass kicked by a kid." He tilts his head slightly toward me. "They'll try to handle it themselves, so be on the lookout for them; they'll be gunning for you."

I grunt in agreement.

A yelp draws my attention back to the employees' corner, where Leah now has both arms wrapped around Pritt's waist, trying to drag her down, while Pritt is half-standing, half-kicking, muttering threats about ripping Leah's extensions out (which Leah does not have, but details are irrelevant to war).

"Should we do something?" I ask.

Robert finally looks up at me.

"…Do I look like an idiot?"

Fair enough.

I return to making coffee while the two girls reenact a nature documentary on territorial disputes. A couple of customers cheer them on. One man records on his phone. Another quietly places a tip in the jar as if bribing me not to intervene.

I take it.

What? Money is money.




AN: This is just a slice of life chapter, showing Samuel living calmly; it should start to pick up the pace soon. Mostly because, little by little, he will become the unofficial leader of the Neutral Zone

Thank you for reading, hope you like it!
Last edited: Apr 26, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, EvilSmirk, Dwooly and 1,494 others
PassingBy
Nov 28, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 7 - Shopping trip, except the curse got bored and added chaos
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Dec 7, 2025
Add bookmark
#137
The house was quiet in that way it only got at night, when the pups were too tired to cause trouble, and the city outside stopped growling. I set the pan back on the stove, the smell of chicken and garlic rising with the heat. Fried rice wasn't complicated, but I'd gotten better at it—enough that the colors looked right and the pieces sat in the pan exactly how I wanted them. Going from not knowing how to boil water to this felt like a huge leap, even if in the grand scheme, it wasn't much.

One of the pups nosed against my ankle, sniffing for fallen scraps. I nudged him away with a foot before he could test his luck. Rachel loved them, but even she didn't want them sick from eating onions or anything else in here.

The back door creaked. Rachel stepped in from the yard, boots muddy, shoulders squared like she'd been arguing with the world again. She stopped the moment she saw me standing at the stove.

"I thought you worked until midnight," she said. Her voice wasn't accusing, just surprised, thought Rachel was also sharing the tone he now knew as 'caught with your hand on the cookie jar.'

"Boss let me off early," I answered, tapping the pan to keep the rice from sticking. "Dinner'll be ready soon."

Nothing else came from her. Just quiet, which of itself wasn't strange. It was strange, however, how I could hear her fidgeting in place.

When the silence stretched long enough for the chicken to finish browning, I finally turned. She stood halfway between the door and the kitchen table, jaw tight, hands at her sides. It was the look of someone bracing for impact.

"Rachel?"

She exhaled once, sharply. "We won't be able to eat together tonight." The way she said it felt like she didn't know why it bothered her. "Job came up. Don't know when I'll be back."

I held her gaze. "Will you be in danger?"

That made her bristle, chin lifting the way it always did when pride jabbed at her ribs. "I can take care of myself."

"I know you can," I said evenly. "But that isn't what I asked."

Her shoulders twitched. I could see the anger she was fighting against to answer me properly, and I felt happy to see she would restrain herself just to answer me. "Yes," she muttered.

Maybe I should sound commanding more often? Rachel seemed to follow my words if I did, even If she turned red in anger.

I closed my eyes for a breath, weighing the words that came next, then opened them again. "You're strong. You'll come back."

She answered with a quiet noise that wasn't quite agreement but wasn't disagreement either, then turned away with quick steps, obviously creating distance, believing the conversation to be over.

I watched her disappear upstairs before turning back to the stove. The pups followed her halfway, yipping for attention that was given in the form of quick scritches, then circled back to me, hoping something had fallen while they weren't looking. I shifted them away again with my leg, finished seasoning the rice, and packed part of it into a container before it cooled too much.

Rachel's footsteps returned, heavier now with the gear she'd strapped on. She came down in her costume, face unreadable until she noticed the bag on the counter. Inside lay the container—rice in one section, chicken in another, and vegetables in a third.

She stared like it was about to grow teeth and jump her.

"What's that?" she asked.

"It's for you."

"For me?" The confusion in her tone tugged at something old in my memory, someone handing me food when I had nothing, asking the same question because I couldn't imagine receiving something without debt attached.

Granted, it had been attached at the time, tying me further into the gang, but I wouldn't learn that for years to come.

I nudged the bag toward her. "Hunger is the enemy. Eat to fight it, and grow strong from it."

Rachel didn't look at me, not directly. Her fingers brushed the handle of the bag like she wasn't sure she was allowed to touch it.

It was quite funny. Bitch was a wanted criminal, with murders under her activities, a feral, rough-edged girl who commanded monsters, and here she was, unsure of how to react to a gesture she didn't know how to process.

"…Why?" she finally asked.

I didn't answer right away. My gaze dropped to her hands, scarred knuckles, dirt under the nails from playing and training with her dogs, yet her hands were steadier than most men I'd fought. Rachel was a girl who spent all of her money on her dogs, almost reaching the point of neglecting herself for them.

Rachel was a girl who knew hunger.

Hunger had played a large part in my childhood. Hunger for food drove me to steal, hunger for safety drove me to strength, and hunger for challenge drove me through more battles than I can count.

Hunger was an old ghost. Most people didn't understand what it meant to grow up counting the days between meals and pretending the ache was normal. I didn't realize until I was older that it wasn't something you were supposed to live with, that you could simply eat until the pain stopped.

I walked towards Rachel, ignoring her question.

So, at least –

"And this," Within his hands, a card appeared, beautifully silvered, within it the picture of a great wolf, fur dark as night, flames seeping through its maws, "is a gift."

There was no need to think about which card I wished to give her, after all, it's almost as if the card itself was pulsating with happiness at the thought of connecting with Rachel.

…are Install Cards sentient?

Bah, who cares?

The air rippled. A thin glow rose from my palm, gathering into form. Metal solidified out of nothing, silvered edges, a polished face, and an illustration of a wolf bigger then the trees surrounding it, bigger than any real creature had the right to be. Its fur was pitch-dark, flames licking out from between its teeth.

Rachel seemed mesmerized by it. I could see in her eyes as they brightened. The light around the card matched such brightness, then burst into a soft scatter of sparks. Dozens—maybe hundreds—of small motes circled her in slow orbits. They brushed against her skin, sank through her clothes, and vanished into her like she was drinking them in.

She inhaled sharply, hands flexing at her sides.

When the last ember faded, she looked down at herself, then at me. "What was that?"

"My power," I said. "It's more than what you've seen so far. I guess you can say I can also transform other people into monsters if they wish," I leaned back against the counter, watching her reaction, "If you're ever in danger, call the name of the card. It'll answer you, allowing you to tap the power contained within it."

Rachel blinked. Once. Twice. She looked stunned in a way I hadn't seen before, thrown completely off-balance.

"Why?" she whispered.

I opened my mouth, ready to give her an easy line—some half-truth. "…Well, you gave me a place to—"

"Bullshit." Her voice cracked like a whip. She stepped closer, eyes sharp, breathing just a little too fast. "Letting you crash here isn't the same as—this." She jabbed a finger toward the container of food. "Or cooking for me." Another jab. "Or walking with the dogs and me." A third jab, right to my chest. "Or giving me… whatever the hell that was!"

Her face flushed with frustration, but her pupils were blown wide with something else. Heat. Confusion. Want. She didn't even seem to realize it, and I could barely understand the surge of emotion fluttering through her eyes.

"Tell me why you're doing all of this," she demanded.

I didn't answer right away. Her question punched deeper than it should have. She wasn't wrong. Everything she listed was true. I didn't have to do any of it; hell I started doing this in hopes of using her exposure to feed my Curse.

It wasn't like me to get entangled, to open doors that didn't need opening.

So why her?

Why this girl I'd known for less than two weeks?

I searched inside for logic, but found myself running into a great lack of it. So I reached a new conclusion, one I couldn't help but internally scoff at even as it presented itself to be the only choice.

"…We are the same," I said at last.

Rachel's breath caught.

"We both had shitty lives," I continued. "We both clawed our way out. Got stronger because of it." My gaze drifted to the knife on the cutting board, still slick with the sheen of chicken fat. It reminded me of the blades I'd used for far worse things.

"And somewhere along the way… I guess I started thinking of you as a friend."

Heat crawled up my neck. I didn't blush often, but the admission felt like saying something dangerous out loud, like naming a weakness.

Maybe I'd been using the Curse of Interesting Times as an excuse—pretending my choices weren't choices. Pretending this wasn't something I wanted.

To care is to risk loss.

To love anything is to open a wound.

But even knowing that, I'd stepped closer anyway to her. Am I that starved for any kind of relationship?

{…}​

…that's rhetorical, don't answer that.

Risking a glance at my landlady, I witness as Rachel stared like she wanted to lunge at me, Something flashing through her face that I didn't know how to read, I wrote it off as embarrassment and looked away to give her space.

She cleared her throat, voice lower than before. "What's it named?"

It took me a second to understand. "The card?"

She nodded once.

A small smile tugged at my mouth. The name was fitting, almost obvious; it was thus perfect for her.

"Hellhound."

Rachel snorted.

[FEAT: Gain your very own first friend, someone you can count on in thick or thin of places!
1x Random Gold Gacha Ticket]​


The mall was louder than I expected. There was bright light filtering through high glass panels, overlapping conversations bouncing off each other, creating a static of sound, and the sheer amount of people going about their days, creating a veritable flood of people. It was very different than Salvador; people moved with tension in their shoulders and knives hidden in their pockets, always staying wary of anyone who came too close. Here, despite Brockton Bay having parahumans who could level buildings, people walked casually, drifting from storefront to storefront like they had forgotten what real danger tasted like.

Or maybe Brocktonites were just good at ignoring dangers.

This analysis was brought to me from old habits, such as scanning any area I find myself in.

A man sitting in a public bench tapping his phone, broad shoulders and calloused fingers, it spoke of hard labour, if he were to lunge, the safest angle to break his knee would be from his right side. An older woman walking past with a stroller, no obvious threat, but I made sure to catalogue in case an explosive was strapped to it. A teenager with a backpack that looked stuffed to the brim, a few papers peeked out, schoolbooks then, if he swung that at me I'd catch the strap and pull him into an elbow drop.

This all came automatically, the act so natural it might as well be breathing.

Hmm, is this it?

A quick glance at the paper slip in my hand to check if I was right. Thanks to Linguistic Skill, I could now read it without any difficulty and compare it to the clothing store before me.

I tugged a bit at the collar of my shirt, still one of Rachel's. Her clothes were good, but wearing them was starting to feel worse since my body was beginning to show signs of development, finally getting a bit more muscle in my frame.

A group of teenage boys walked past, fastest way to neutralize is through the one in the outer circle-

Today was my day off, Sunday, and also the day I got paid.

Fuck yeah.

Time to blow all my savings on basic needs now, ugh.

After some training on how to make an English breakfast for both Rachel and I – more like an English breakfast for me, and then putting everything away for her when she finally woke up, she had a very late night yesterday - I decided that it was time to get some clothes.

The mall itself wasn't bad. Customers at the bar had recommended this place, especially Bryce, since the guy wouldn't look out of place in a homeless shelter. Even Jennifer – his girlfriend who has him by the balls – backed up his recommendation. It was a bit weird to have a man know where to buy fashion, and not his woman, but what do I know? My senses are five years out of date, and the only woman I regularly interacted with in my old life was prostitutes or rival gang members trying the classic honeypot angle.

A woman came closer, she was clutching her purse tightly, a weapon? In that case, slap away the limb before closing in, grapple and-

In Salvador, it was rare to see a woman in a gang, sexism was rampant, and it was obvious that women were at the lower end of the totem pole in terms of manpower to outfit the gangs with.

I also understand why. I almost died several times in my past life, more than I can count. On the other hand, I can count how many times I almost died from women, and that number is seven. Most of the time, it was through either poisoning or trying to shiv me in the back after a night together.

Here, though, with superpowers in the mix, the divide felt infinitely smaller. Superpowers obviously did not care about gender or muscle mass. A tiny girl could rip a car in half, just like a teenage boy could melt concrete. It made this world strangely progressive, even if it gained a lot of bigger problems in the process.

A girls walked out of the store, for some reason she kept glancing at me, planning to strike? Then-

Huh, halfway through observing everything, I realised something else: I was finally used to having two eyes again. Depth perception no longer felt like guessing. My steps landed exactly where I intended. My hands moved with precision I hadn't felt in years. It was comforting to reacquire a weapon you thought you'd lost forever.

If there is one thing I'm grateful for when returning to the age of fifteen, it is gaining my left eye back. It had been a bitch and a half to learn how to live with only one and double the trouble to compensate for it in the field.

Enough thinking. Clothes first.

Fashion, unfortunately, was a subject I had less experience with than quantum physics. I stared at mannequins wearing combinations of fabric that I didn't understand. Why the hell would I wear a black sweater over a white shirt? And there were so many styles highlighted by the boards to indicate where each article could be found.

…did anyone actually know what any of this meant?

Whatever, I did what any sensible man would in my situation: grabbed whatever seemed durable and cheap, not caring for style, or if the colors matched up. If it fit, it worked.

"Damn, you buying for a catalogue?"

I shifted the pile enough to see the source: a blonde woman leaning on a nearby rack, arms tucked casually under her chest. She seemed like she could be older than me by a few years, but something about her disposition knocked a few numbers down, and had the confidence that came from knowing you could draw eyes simply by existing.

As she should, because I don't think I have seen someone as beautiful as her before. Full lips, gleaming blue eyes, a beautiful cascading river of gold for hair, with hips and legs for days, while also sporting a bosom to make wives cry in envy.

Back in Salvador, she would definitely be regarded as a prostitute walking around with that little clothing.

Something else drew my attention, however. She was trained, defined legs, and toned arms hidden beneath her clothing. There was a confident air around her, born from one's strength, and seeing no reason to hide it.

Hmmm, the words within my soul seemed to grasp at threads of recognition, but they didn't have enough information to work with; that was all I needed to know that the girl before me was too trouble for what she was worth.

And then it clicked.

I hate this fucking curse; can I not go out a single time without bumping into bullshit?

[FEAT: Meet the NAMED CHARACTER [Victoria Dallon]
1x Random Bronze Gacha Ticket]​

Spoiler: Victoria Dallon

With the verification from the Gacha, the words finally locked on what they needed. A major character of the original story, who later became the protagonist of the sequel? That part seems muddled, so the words instead tell me how she is a hero.

Glory Girl, the poster child for New Wave, a movement turned hero team that is all maskless. A confident girl with an impulsive streak, intelligent yet unable to completely curb her habit of following through without thinking.

But I honestly ignored everything that the words tried to shove in my head and focused on the important bits.

How do I kill her?

Force Field Generator, invisible and extends a few millimetres over skin and clothes. It can block almost anything within the setting. Strength is primarily generated through the forcefield, capable of deadlifting fourteen tons. Flight not based on forcefield, speed of 80mph. Aura is radiated from her person, inducing emotion of awe and admiration for those who do not fear her, and raw intimidation for those who do. Maximum Aura range of 100 feet.

Hoo? Interesting, so she was completely invincible and strong enough to throw trucks?

An actually invincible foe, Parahumans truly were ridiculous.

Yet I could feel my blood boiling in excitement, the deep laughter of the Oni threatening to burst out of my chest at the chance of engaging with such a strong opponent.

An invincible enemy, I repeat to myself, glee barely contained from leaking into my face at the thought of battling such a thing, plans already being created and discarded within my mind on how I would win, how this fight would go.

Dammit, now I really wanted to figh-

Forcefield requires a recharge for 1 to 2 seconds after receiving a heavy impact. Even a strong enough punch can be enough to trigger recharge.

My inner excitement dies down immediately.

I only need to hit her twice to finish the fight, then. Never mind, damn you, Narrative, getting me so hyped up for bloody nothing.
​
Also, question: why had meeting Rachel or Hookwolf not triggered this same feat earlier?

{…}

[FEAT: Meet the NAMED CHARACTER [Rachel Lindt]
1x Random Bronze Gacha Ticket]

[FEAT: Meet the NAMED CHARACTER [Brad Meadows]
1x Random Bronze Gacha Ticket]
​

Cosmic man actually forgot.

Embarrassing.

I returned my attention to the blonde woman whose threat ranking had fallen from 'YES' merely to a 'I could have taken her without powers.'

"These are for me," I said flatly.

She blinked. "…like, you're gonna do something with them?"

"Yes. Wear them."

Her gaze slid from me to the pile of clothing—half of which the cashier was scanning with dead eyes—then back to me. "Why buy so much?"

"I have no clothes."

"And why are they all so ugly?"

"I don't care about fashion."

Her nose wrinkled. "Wow."

I rolled my eyes and shifted the pile again. While it was taking a while to get everything, the line behind me wasn't long, just a couple of people scrolling on their phones. Instead, I matched the cashier's stare as she scanned another hoodie, both of us staring blankly at each other.

"You're new in town?" the blonde pressed.

Why was she still talking? Can't she see that I am in an incredible battle of focus against the cashier?

I made a vague sound. "Who knows?"

She leaned closer, smirking. "'Cause you don't recognize me."

Realising that she won't go away, I mentally sigh.

Looking her directly in the eyes, I let my gaze travel from her hair to her shoes in one slow, unimpressed sweep, and asked, "Should I?"

Her expression tightened at the kick in the pride, lots of pride this one has.

Given who she was, I understood why. Being arguably the most famous member of their movement turned superhero team, she was used to being recognised. If only because of the movement that her family represented, to convince heroes and villains to be held accountable for their actions and go maskless. It had great momentum until one of their own was shot home.

After that, the doctrine collapsed. It was difficult to preach about the movement when the scariest thing people were afraid would happen, did indeed happen.

Now, New Wave was the only major team that stuck to it, and she was unmistakably the emblem of that stubborn idealism.

Also, judging from the conversations I managed to glimpse at the bar, half the city was jerking off to her while the other wanted her autograph.

"I'm kind of a big deal around here," she said, voice edged with strain.

"Cool."

Her jaw dropped a millimeter.

"Cool?" she repeated.

"Yep." I checked the cashier's progress. Two shirts left.

She stared at me like I was an exotic insect. "You seriously don't know me."

Well, I did, but that was thanks to the Narrative, and thanks to the regulars back in the bar who are part of her fan club. But I would shot myself first before I fanned her flames at all.

"You already said that."

"That's—wow. Do you live under a rock? Do you not watch the news?"

"No."

"Social media?"

"No."

"…You at least have a phone."

"No."

Victoria looked actually offended. "How do you survive without a phone?!"

"Easily."

"That's not an answer!"

"It's accurate, though."

She let out a disbelieving laugh. "Okay, then how do you keep in contact with friends?"

"I don't have friends." Oh wait, can he change his answer? Rachel was his newest friend, he accidentally answered no by default.

The blonde blinked. "Right… okay. Fine. What about a girlfriend?"

"No."

"Family?"

I met her gaze with my usual blank expression, making sure to stretch the silence as the answer became obvious.

Victoria's smile wilted, and she winced back, clearly apologetic.

"Ah. Uh—sorry."

"It's fine." I snort. While clearly uncomfortable at her misstep, she rallies herself to put on a confident mask.

The cashier handed me the bagged clothes with a shaky "Have a nice day." I nodded, stepped aside, making my way towards the exit, and Victoria followed me for some god forsaken reason only she would know.

"So, you're… just buying a whole wardrobe at once?"

"It's efficient."

"That's not what efficient means."

"It is to me."

She groaned into her hand. "Are you always like this?"

"Yes."

Victoria groaned again, and yet for some reason, I could tell she didn't intend to step away, as if her presence was unquestionable.

…it reminded me of Leah, and that was not a flattering comparison.

What is it with me and attracting these sorts of people?

[FEAT: Garner the minor interest of Victoria Dallon, without even meaning to!
1x Random Bronze Gacha Ticket]​

Fuck you, Bob.

"Why are you following me?" I grouch out, not slowing down or otherwise acknowledging the girl by my side. The mall was busy enough that I had to keep a running count of who drifted in and out of my peripheral vision. Two teenagers by the pretzel stand, weak posture, no weapons bulges. A man lingering by the escalator rail, dominant hand free, watching the crowd too intently. That one I'd break by taking the throat first.

And next to me: the blonde headache.

"Cause I'm thinking." Was her candid reply, still looking at me with thoughtful glances.

"Careful," I said, "you'll hurt yourself."

"Haar-haar." She spoke drily, unimpressed. "Blondes are stupid. Wow. Never heard that one before."

"What does being blonde have to do with you being stupid?" I asked honestly.

She stopped walking for half a step, confusion flickering across her face before blooming into outrage. "Wait, if it's not a blonde joke, you think I just look dumb naturally!?"

"Are you a mind reader?"

"You didn't even deny it?!" Her voice jumped half an octave. She threw me a glare that was sharp enough to bounce off steel, crossed her arms, and let out a theatrical huff. She still kept walking beside me anyway.

Once again, she reminds me of Leah. I should make sure those two never meet.

"You're trying to annoy me into leaving," she accused. Give her a round of applause, everyone. She does understand I'm uninterested.

"How perceptive."

"You're an asshole. You know that?"

"Weren't you busy thinking? Go back to doing that. Quietly."

"Ass," she muttered, rolling her eyes before shooting me a smirk like she'd just won something. "Anyway, I already decided."

Her tone set my instincts buzzing. Nothing good ever follows that tone. Women using that tone in my old life usually meant someone was about to end up stabbed or drugged.

"This generous young lady here," she declared, lifting a hand to her chest like she was presenting herself on a stage, "has decided to help you buy stylish clothes."

I stared at her. Stylish? My only criteria were 'cheap' and 'doesn't rip when someone tackles me.'

"Your help is both unwanted and unnecessary." My expression could make seasoned brawlers at the bar rethink their life choices.

"Oh yeah, I haven't introduced myself, have I?" Victoria breezes past it without hesitation.

"Oi, don't ignore me."

"I'm Victoria Dallon. It's not very nice to meet you." She smiles genially, holding out a hand with the self-assured cockiness of someone who always gets her way through things.

I very deliberately look down at her hand in thinly veiled disgust, take a large step to the side, and continue uninterrupted towards the exit of the mall.

The girl stays frozen for a few seconds there, shocked into inactivity that I rejected the notion of not wanting to be around her. People brushed past her on the walkway, giving confused looks. Then she snapped out of it and hurried to catch up with me, sputtering in the process.

"R-really? Just like that? Not even a single word, god, how much of an asshole can you be?" She shakes her head in exasperation,

"You keep asking that. Maybe you should take the hint."

She groaned loudly enough that two passing shoppers turned. "Look, you know the polite thing to do when someone offers help is to accept it."

"I don't need your help."

For some reason my words make Victoria wince, and the following concerned look she gives me is weird. Why would she look at me like that?

For some reason, the superheroine sighs, voice dropping, "You know… you kind of remind me of-"

She didn't get to finish, because someone stepped before us, cutting my exit.

Victoria slowed, blinking in surprise at the girl who had cut us off. She wasn't running anymore, but her breathing still came in shallow pulls as if she'd been searching every corner of the mall for us. My body shifted automatically, weight on the balls of my feet, center lowered, just enough to react if she produced a weapon. Her posture didn't scream 'combatant,' but surprise encounters had a way of turning bloody before anyone decided what they actually wanted.

She stood about half a head smaller then Victoria. Her hair curled in tight brown waves around her face, a constellation of freckles dusting her cheeks. A simple band around her wrist looked harmless, but I kept it in my peripheral vision anyway; poison rings came in stranger designs.

The other thing that I noticed was that the girl was stacked. Large breasts the same size as Rachel's, while also having wide hips comparable to Pritt. Big on a normal person, but when put on her short stack body, it seemed to make the curves even more obscene.

She was built like someone sculpted by a bored deity during a slow afternoon, all curves and soft lines that would guarantee she'd be cast in certain very specific films back home.

But then again, most girls in this world would, so that wasn't saying much. What it entailed is that I don't think I have ever met someone as curvy as her.

Her unimpressed glare, though, belonged to a completely ordinary woman fed up with someone.

Victoria paled on sight.

"Remind you of who, Vicky?" the brunette asked, voice coated with a sweet frustration that barely hid the annoyance underneath. "Maybe the person you left behind in that store without a single text?"

"A-ah," Victoria's laugh came out thin and guilty, eyes running around for escape routes. "Hey, Ames."

The words in my soul stirred at that, but they seemed shocked for some reason, just like when I met Rachel for the first time. Like they were trying to find the matching data in the servers, and it was coming up blank.

'Ames' huffed and finally let her attention settle on me. Whatever irritation she felt toward Victoria transferred over in an instant; her gaze swept me up and down, and I recognized the shift.

Ah, god dammit, I knew that look.

"And you are?" she asked in a tone meant to sound neutral, but her eyes gave away the simmering edge.

Absolutely not. I was not getting dragged into whatever relationship fallout this was.

"Leave me out of this lover spat," I said flatly, already priming myself to disengage before she dragged me deeper.

Same-sex relationships weren't exactly a thing in my old world; if they existed, no one talked about them. Still strange to me on an instinctual level, but not worth caring about. If people wanted to kiss whoever, fine. Didn't affect how fast they could bleed out.

Still weird though.

And I knew that she was Victoria's lover from the light in her eyes; it was an easy thing to see if you read enough people, the affection they held, the adoration, the lust was all unmistakable.

So was the anger of someone who felt ignored.

Such anger was easy to see in the girl's face.

However, unexpectedly, 'Ames' just freezes. Color drained from her face so quickly, I wondered for a moment if she was about to faint. Victoria, beside me, sputtered hard enough to choke.

"Eww—what the fuck, man?" Victoria barked. "That's my sister!"

[FEAT: Meet the NAMED CHARACTER [Amelia Dallon]
1x Random Bronze Gacha Ticket]​

Spoiler: Amelia Dallon

Victoria kept talking—something about boundaries and assumptions—but none of it registered.

Because the moment that name slotted into place, the cosmic archive inside me clicked on like an ancient engine finally catching a spark. Information surged through my head so forcefully that I had to steady myself.

Amelia Dallon.

Panacea.

And I can only look at the still paralysed Amelia, who continues to stare at me with true fear in her gaze.

The healer who could rebuild a body with a thought. The girl who dedicated every spare hour to saving strangers in a hospital that drained her more than it filled her. The daughter trapped between a mother who barely tolerated her and a father she could heal but didn't dare to. The only light in her life in the form of her sister.

And even that affection fuels the loathing towards herself, feeling nothing but disgust because she believes even that connection was tainted by the fact that she is in love with her sister.

The Red Queen, the greatest Calamity of Earth-Bet.

And I had, entirely by accident, blurted her deepest secret directly in front of the very person she worshiped.

Amelia stood there, staring at me with raw, unfiltered terror.

The first real threat to my continued survival since arriving in this dimension.

Bob, I know this is somehow your fucking fault.

Fix this shit!


AN: I didn't quite know how to handle the talk between Samuel and Rachel, but I think it turned out okay. Also tell me if you guys think if Vicky seems too out of character, bothering some random stranger like that. I just went along with the fact that the Shards are subtly pushing their users to spend more time around Samuel when they catch any sniff of him, it's nothing major like making Parahumans become obsessed with him, but just a little push that if there was any natural interest at the start, then it will be enough to get the ball rolling.

Also, a surprisingly great amount of Bronze tickets this chapter. Samuel doesn't really care enough at the moment to start rolling, though.

Thanks for reading, hope you all enjoyed it, I'ma go crash now (Its 4 am, what the fuck)
Last edited: Dec 25, 2025
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, EvilSmirk, Reishin Amara and 1,390 others
PassingBy
Dec 7, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 8 - Two roses in my hands, the thorns are bloody painful
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Dec 14, 2025
Add bookmark
#188
[FEAT: Start the process of the End of the World.
If I were you, I'd probably fix the mistakes I made so far quickly.
1x Random Gold Gacha Ticket]

​
This is what hell looks like.

"It's horrible to just assume things about people!"

"Uh-huh."

A torturous experience, trapped between an angry loudspeaker and something far more dangerous, a ready-to-erupt volcano of cataclysmic proportions.

"I have a boyfriend, you know!"

"Uh-huh."

Victoria paced in front of me as she talked; behind her, Amy was very still. The more Amy looked at me while her sister scolded me, the redder her face became, her pupils shaking and wobbling, her body trembling with fear-

…is she drooling?

No. That has to be my imagination. This loudspeaker is probably frying my brain, causing me to see things that aren't there.

"How would you like it if I just assumed you were dating someone?" Victoria snapped.

"Uh-huh."

"You're not even listening to me, are you?"

"Uh-huh."

"Oi," she growled, stepping into my space, "I'm talking to you, fucker."

I blinked, my attention snapping back as I focused on the furious blonde now glaring up at me thanks to our height differences.

"Is it my turn with the talking stick?" I asked flatly.

Her eye twitched. She inhaled sharply, then jerked her hand in a sharp go on gesture, arms crossing over her chest as she waited.

"First," I said, keeping my tone slow and deliberate for her slow mind, "I don't know you." I paused just long enough to make sure it landed. "Second, you and your sister don't look alike. At all."

The effect was immediate.

Amy sucked in a sharp breath like she'd just come up from underwater, her shoulders sagging as if some invisible weight had been lifted.

Ignorant of her sister, the blonde glanced sideways at Amy, then back at me, brows knitting together as she processed what I'd said. Her gaze flicked down toward her own chest, and she frowned faintly, lips pursed.

"…Fair," she admitted after a moment, sounding almost begrudging. Then she puffed out her cheeks, clearly unhappy. "Still. It's bad to assume things."

[FEAT: Make Victoria Dallon mildly self-conscious about herself!
1x Random Bronze Gacha Ticket]

​
The system was enjoying this far too much, and my patience was thinning by the second.

Looking at the now recovering Amelia, still giving me a weird look, my annoyance shines through, probably from the fact that she is the reason this pain in the ass situation is happening.

"I'll be sure to remember that."

Why is she even redder now?

Seriously. Go be angry somewhere else, you walking biohazard.

[FEAT: Get rid of a world-ending issue through… other means?
Wow, you lucked out there.
1x Random Advantage Gold Gacha Ticket]

​
The fuck do you mean by that?

"Right!" Victoria clapped her hands together suddenly, breaking the moment with her usual explosive energy. "Since you clearly don't know us, let me introduce you to my sister!"

"Please don't," I said immediately.

"Ignoring you," she replied cheerfully, already pivoting. "This is Amelia Dallon. Or Panacea."

"H-hey," Amy said quietly, lifting one hand in a hesitant wave. She couldn't quite meet my eyes, her gaze darting away every time it lingered too long.

"And Ames," Victoria continued, turning back to me, "this is—" She paused, blinking. A sheepish look crossed her face. "Actually… what did you say your name was?"

That was it.

This girl was already annoying by herself, but a melting reactor of her sister is the recipe for disaster that I don't want to be bothered around for when it goes off.

I took a step back, already turning away. "I'm done here."

"Weird name—huh?" Victoria started, clearly not processing what I'd said fast enough.

I walked past them without looking back, pointedly ignoring how the curvy brunette stiffened as I passed.

Nope.

Fuck that.

"C'mon, man, don't be like that!" Victoria called after me, her voice carrying that familiar mix of frustration and challenge.

I didn't slow down.

By the system's own words, I had already dealt with the so-called world-ending problem of her sister having a catastrophic mental break, which meant there was absolutely no reason for me to stay even a second longer. Every instinct I had told me that continued interaction with either of them would spiral into something ugly, so cutting it off now was the smartest option.

Nip it in the bud and walk away.

I stepped forward—and slammed face-first into nothing.

My body bounced back as if I'd hit solid concrete, the impact snapping the breath from my lungs even though there was nothing there. I staggered back a step, blinking, one hand instinctively reaching out to feel the space in front of me.

Nothing.

I frowned, pushing my palm forward again, and felt resistance, smooth and unyielding, like pressing against invisible glass.

[Warning! User cannot leave Active Plot Area]

​
…Of course.

This was the first time this particular aspect of the curse had made itself known, probably because I hadn't actually tried to leave Brockton Bay yet. I had a feeling the same message would've popped up if I'd attempted that, but why now? Why here, of all times, and not during any of the other nonsense I'd been dragged into over the past week?

I considered it, piecing things together as I stood there with my hand braced against empty air, ignoring the weird looks passengers were giving me.

Nothing significant had happened during that week unless you counted Rachel, and I interacted with her often enough that I likely stayed within whatever arbitrary boundary counted as the Active Plot Area. Every other time I'd been pulled into something 'interesting,' I stayed put until the situation naturally resolved, which meant I'd never tested what happened if I tried to leave mid-scene.

So, this was the rule, then.

Stay until the plot decides it's done with you.

That raised a deeply unpleasant question about whether I could be dragged somewhere else entirely without warning if something important kicked off across the city, and an even worse one about what actually constituted the end of an Active Plot Scene. Did everyone need to walk away? Did a conversation need to wrap up? Or was I at the mercy of some unseen narrative satisfaction meter?

Maybe it was simpler.

They were named characters, which apparently made them more important than everyone else I met so far in my stay in Brockton.

Does that mean that the situation with Pritt and Leah was not Plot Narrative, but just my bad luck? I didn't receive any rewards from meeting them, so they obviously weren't characters of Narrative, which would theoretically mean that I could have left any time I wanted.

Except my gut was telling me that wasn't the case.

…Sometimes I really wish I'd read more books. A little genre awareness would've gone a long way right about now.

I exhaled slowly, letting my shoulders drop, then turned around with all the enthusiasm of someone heading for the gallows.

As I approached, Victoria's surprise lasted about half a second before it morphed into a smug, triumphant grin from the fact she'd just won something without quite knowing how.

"Don't," I said flatly, raising a hand before she could open her mouth. "Not a word."

Her smugness continued, and it pissed me off.

"I'll hear you out," I continued, already regretting it, "about the clothes."

Her eyes lit up instantly, and the girl actually started shaking, clearly delighted for some fucking reason.

Amelia, on the other hand, tensed again, her arms drawing closer to herself as she watched me with the kind of wary attention one gives to animals that could be feral at any instant.

I didn't like that look.

I didn't like any of this.

…Fucking Bob.


I reiterate—fucking Bob.

Amelia and I ended up standing side by side against a wall in the open space near the mall's central walkway, the kind of spot where foot traffic naturally bends around you, waiting for Victoria to finish whatever she was doing in the bathrooms.

She'd vanished toward the bathrooms the second we started moving, given the fact that Victoria didn't strike me as someone stupid, I believe this is her way of trying to make the two of us talk without her presence in the way.

Amelia did her best to pretend I wasn't there, acting like I didn't exist while I returned the favor by letting my attention drift outward, mapping exits, watching the flow of people, and running idle calculations on how many I could put down barehanded, without powers, before the mass of bodies became too much to manage. With the layout of the food court and the open railings above, I settled somewhere between forty-two and sixty-eight, depending on how many were willing to throw their grandparents at me to put me down.

It was a calming exercise.

The relative quiet between us finally broke when Amelia cleared her throat, a small, tentative sound meant to draw attention without actually demanding it.

I ignored it.

She tried again, a little louder this time, while a kid nearby started crying about ice cream, what a baby, just take it if you want kid.

Her third attempt had an edge to it.

"Go see a doctor," I said without looking at her.

There was a pause, then an incredulous huff. "Ah, so you can hear me."

"Unfortunately."

"Fucking ass."

The words came easier than before, the fear she'd been radiating earlier dulled down into irritation, and it took her a second to realize she'd said it without freezing up. When she did, her shoulders drew in slightly, like she was bracing for a reaction that didn't come.

I finally turned my head toward her, just enough to acknowledge her presence, and she frowned back, trying for annoyed but still carrying that lingering tension in her eyes.

"Why did you think we were lovers?" she asked, the question sharper than necessary, her mouth twisting like the idea bothered her more than it should.

"You look nothing alike."

She blinked. "I… yeah, that's true, but—you didn't recognize us at all?"

"No."

"Huh." She studied me for a moment

"You really are sisters."

Her brow furrowed. "What does that mean?"

"Goldilocks had the same response."

That earned a brief silence, during which she stared at the tiled floor, clearly wrestling with thoughts she didn't want to finish having. I didn't rush her; silence was comfortable, and I was enjoying the break from her sister's constant noise.

"Was that really all?" she asked finally, glancing back up at me, voice quieter.

I sighed. "You reminded me of some wives who came into the bar I work at," I explained, keeping it factual. "They would storm in and have the same look."

"That's-!" She sputtered, clearly unsure which part to object to.

"I never had siblings," I added, mostly to steer things away from wherever her thoughts were going and avoid another world-ending event. "So, I guess family can have the same look." Please buy it, that is the maximum amount of bullshit I'm willing to throw at this.

She hesitated, then nodded slowly. "Yeah. Family… cares for each other, I guess."

"You guess?" I glanced at her. "Aren't you part of one?"

"Hah. No, I was born without one," She rolls her eyes, sarcasm dripping off her mouth.

"What a poor little orphan," I said flatly.

"Bitch, I'm adopted," she shot back, a smile tugging at her lips that she didn't seem to realize was there.

A snort escaped me before I could stop it.

"That explains the difference," I said. "What poor family picked you up off the street?"

She puffed up slightly at that, pride slipping through the cracks even as she tried to go for an indifference. "The name's New Wave. You might've heard of it."

I looked at her, expression unmoved.

"Who?"

Her shoulders slumped. "Ass."

She bumped her shoulder into mine in retaliation, clearly expecting at least some movement, but I barely felt it, my trained enhanced body not something Amelia could move so easily, which only made it look like she'd leaned into me on purpose.

Like a fucking couple.

We both freeze at the contact, and it takes me a second too long to remember that I'm supposed to be wary of her, that she's supposed to be terrified of me, and that none of this casual back-and-forth should be happening in the first place. Somewhere along the way, the tension shifted into something almost comfortable, and I have no idea when that happened or how we got here so fast.

[FEAT: Coach, do something! He's not even aware that he's rizzing a lesbian!
1x Random Silver Gacha Ticket]​
Bob, go drown yourself in a toilet.

We separate, another pause settling between us as I gather my thoughts and Amelia stares at the floor, her face unreadable behind her wavy hair.

I focus on my thoughts, because how the hell did I fall into such easy banter?

Maybe knowing about her situation through the Narrative softened my edge without me realizing it, because I know for a fact that in my old life, I wouldn't have let things drift like this, wouldn't have joked, wouldn't have stood this close to anyone without an angle or an exit already planned.

I guess I really have changed since death.

"You must be from pretty far away," she says after a moment, voice steadier now, clearly choosing to move past whatever happened.

Same.

"Salvador, Brazil," I answer without thinking.

She stiffens, eyes widening as she looks at me again, like she's seeing something entirely new. "Wait, you're from South America?"

I raise an eyebrow at the disbelief in her tone, and she flushes, realizing how that sounded. "I mean—yeah, that's… really far. No wonder you've never heard of us."

South America has a reputation in this world, then, judging by her reaction.

Of course, that's when the narrative helpfully fills in the gaps, scorching words telling me that roughly three-quarters of the capes in South America are villains backed by cartels and criminal syndicates, with the government either complicit or directly involved, extremely corrupt, while the remaining heroes are treated like rogue elements fighting a losing battle.

Amazing, Brazil continues to be a shit pile, news at eleven.

Yeah, that look makes more sense now.

"Moving to Brockton Bay wasn't my choice," I shrug, watching a pair of teenagers argue over pretzels nearby, "but I'm here now."

"Hm," Amelia hums, more to herself than to me. "It's weird, meeting someone who doesn't know me."

"How narcissistic."

She snaps her glare up at me. "You want me to make a pimple appear on your nose?"

"Your power is to create pimples?" I ask, amused.

Amelia freezes for a split second, something sharp flickering across her face before she catches the joke and glares again, annoyed that I got to her. "No. I can heal people."

"Just healing?"

"What, that's not good enough?" The irritation in her voice sharpens, and I recognize it too late for what it is—a reminder that she's not like the rest of her family, that her role is different.

"On the contrary," I say, meaning it. "That's incredible."

The words surprise both of us. I've spent so long thinking about power only in terms of damage, angles, and efficiency that the idea of using it to save instead of destroy barely crosses my mind, and when it does, it feels foreign enough that I dismiss it just as quickly.

Her expression shifts, eyes searching my face like she's looking for a catch, before she scoffs and looks away, a thin layer of defensiveness coating her tone. "Yeah. I guess it is."

"You don't sound like you like it."

She exhales, tipping her head back to stare at the mall ceiling, bright lights reflecting in her eyes. "I know it matters. I know I should be grateful. I help so many people, and that's important, it's just—" She stops herself, shoulders slumping slightly. "Ugh. Why am I even saying this to you? We literally just met."

"Probably because I don't give a shit," I offer.

She stares at me flatly. "Ah. Yes. Thank you. Very comforting."

I don't give her time to respond before continuing, words rolling out as flat as ever. "We just met, and as soon as Goldilocks loses interest, I'm out of here. We'll probably never see each other again."

That sends Amelia into a thoughtful space, She glances toward where her sister vanished earlier, then back at me, studying my face like she's weighing whether I'm worth the risk of a conversation she definitely shouldn't have with me of all people.

"Can you keep a secret?"

"Depends."

Amy rolls her eyes, "How reliable."

"Just tell me what you want, Raccoon."

Her head snaps up. "Ugh— I wanted your opinion on— Did you just call me a raccoon?!"

"And deaf too? My, what combinations."

She bristles, eye twitching in anger. "Give me one more reason, and I'll paralyze you."

I don't move, don't flinch, just look at her like she's talking about the weather. "Didn't you need my opinion about something?"

Her jaw tightens, cheeks flushing as she throws her hands up. "Forget it!"

"What a pain," I mutter.

"That's it, come here, I'll fucking kick your-"

"Sorry for the wait! Let's get going!" Victoria reappears between us suddenly, and while her sister is surprised, I'm not. It was easy to keep her in the corner of my eye while she edged towards us.

She was clearly waiting for us to finish this conversation and then jumped in the moment she felt like things would take a south turn.
I hate people persons; their social intuition is something I can't map reliably.

Still, though, a scowl is now present on my face, "You have way too much energy."

Amelia doesn't hesitate. "God, yes."

"Oh no, there are two of them now."


I stare down at the clothing in my hands with open disgust.

This isn't an outfit. In fact, this is barely a suggestion.

"C'mon, Sam, we don't have all day," Victoria calls from the other side of the changing booth, her voice echoing faintly through the thin divider.

And yes, after what felt like an eternity of relentless pestering, I did eventually give her my name. And yes, I do consider that a tactical error.

"What the hell did you give me, Goldi?" I say flatly. "This belongs in a stripper club." Seriously, what is up with modern fashion being 'Less is more'. I'd already seen at least three girls barely my age walking around with shorts that barely covered anything.

I knew the future would be different, but I really wasn't ready for cultural shocks like these.

"Ooooh," Victoria sings, clearly pleased. "Been to stripper clubs, have you?"

"Ugh." I pinch the bridge of my nose. "Oi. Raccoon. Reign in your sister."

"I don't know," Amy replies from somewhere nearby, her voice far too amused. "From over here, it looks funny."

I can hear the smug. It's palpable.

"I'm changing this," I basically spat out. I am not wearing this type of stuff; it would be less shameless to walk around in the nude.

Before anyone can argue, I yank the curtain aside and toss the offending clothes straight at Victoria.

"Woah—!" Blondie gapes at me, her face a mixture of shock and a flush of red from my sudden appearance. Aha! So, she does get embarrassed easily, let's see her try something like this!

Seeing the frozen biokinetic holding the alternative outfit as I asked for, I ignored how she stood completely still like a statue, face somehow even redder than Victoria's

"…Thanks," I grunt, taking it from her without much thought and stepping back into the booth.

Neither of them says a word.

That's new.

Weird, I don't mind it and grab my shit, just taking it to the booth so I can change again.

I assume they've finally realized I'm serious about not dressing like a discount pole dancer. That life path was one I very deliberately rejected back in Salvador.

Bad memories there.

I exhale, sorting through the different clothing and trying to remember what Victoria said about styles and how colors have adjacent tones or whatever.

Still, with how much they were teasing me, you would think they wouldn't be so easily embarrassed by just the sight of my strip clothing, what a bunch of hypo-

…oh.

I look down.

No shirt.

There was still silence outside the booth.

[FEAT: Leave two beautiful ladies stunned from checking your bod, you worked for it!
1x Skill Silver Gacha Ticket]

​
…damn you, Lucky Pervert, I know it was you, but I can't prove it.

Bob, fix this shit.

I have a lot of Bronze Tickets, so I pile that up on Gambler.

5! = Ticket Rank Goes Down

[Ticket Rank Cannot Go Down, Ticket has been Destroyed]

​
…

Fuck it, again.

6! = Ticket Rank Goes Down

[Ticket Rank Cannot Go Down, Ticket has been Destroyed]

​
I might actually burst out laughing.

Again.

1! = Ticket Is Destroyed

[Ticket has been Destroyed]

​
Bob, are you fucking with me somehow?

{What the hell is your luck?}

​
Guess not.

At this point, curiosity gets the better of me. How far does this go?

10! = Ticket Rank Goes Down

[Nothing Happens]

​
Oh, I'm actually disappointed. It would be hilarious if the streak continued.

[Great Ass]

|Common Trait|

You have a great ass, with incredible cushioning abilities, you can sit upon practically any surface without discomfort. It also looks and feels very good.

​
…

I'm ignoring that.

4! = Ticket Rank Goes Down

[Ticket Rank Cannot Go Down, Ticket has been Destroyed]

​
Oh? Looks like we're back on track. I'm shoving that last roll into the darkest corner of my mind and pretending it never happened.

Last Bronze Ticket.

20! = Ticket Rank Goes Up

[Ticket Rank has changed from Bronze to Silver]

​
Is this a pity system?

{What the fu-}

​
Guess not.

[Rodrigues]

|Uncommon Trait|

You are a Brazillian, but not only that, you are a descendant of the legendary Jetstream Sam. Not only do you have the Brazillian ability to double jump but you are also talented in swordsmanship and swordsmithing.

!Warning!

Trait assimilated into User; synchronization exceeds limit parameters.

The fuck is happen-

"Ok, let's dance!"

​
I don't remember deciding to say that.

Ever had an out-of-body moment? Where you're still aware, still thinking, but you're no longer the one steering? I hadn't, not until now. In my memories, my body moved the sword with confidence it didn't earn, memory flooding in where none should exist. Bladed forms I never learned snapped into place, instincts carving paths through the air, friction bending beneath my feet as if gravity itself had agreed to cooperate.

Everything felt wrong. Familiar, but not mine.

Except for one thing.

Death.

Blood and violence were the common language between us, and that familiarity was enough to wrench control back. I sucked in a breath and forced myself to sit, lowering into the small booth carefully, quietly, making sure I didn't draw attention.

Bob. What the fuck was that?

{Seems like you were a bit too compatible with that perk, you ended up chugging more than what you should have, both your soul in the immaterial and your body in the material weren't ready for the shock. I'm surprised you're conscious at all.}


{I guess you do deserve an apology,

1x Random Gold Gacha Ticket}

​
Everything you said was just words—and since when did you talk this much?

{…}

​
Ah, much better.

Okay, fuck, now I'm losing the mood to roll for my other shit.

Ah, fuck it, if another soul tries to invade my body, I'll just beat the shit out of it this time. All Eradication Fist should theoretically allow it, right?

Nodding to myself, I roll for the Silver Tickets next.

…also, disable Gambler, cause the one time it works, my body gets hijacked.

[Novice Conceptualization]

|Common Skill|

Conceptualization is your ability to understand what shouldn't be, in essence, it is your ability to comprehend the mystical, magical and eldrich. You have an easier time comprehending, understanding and learning mystical and exotic effects but so much above the average person.

​

Cool, right now it isn't much, but I can already feel how much easier a part of Eradication Fist is opened to me.

The ability to manipulate phenomena and energy, I didn't really touch on it because it would be overkill for most things, and because I had no expertise on the area.

It also helps a bit with Waterbending, even if I never even touched the ability, because I saw no need to.

Random Silver now.

[Fairy Dust]

|Common Item|

Peter Pan - Some Fairy Dust, freshly shaken down from Tinker Bell. This pouch has enough powder to make 5 grown men float for 1 hour, or one grown man for 5 hours. Restock Timer: 24 Hours

​
…okay, the fuck is Fairy Dust for? Is it literally just dust?

The pouch settles within my chest, ready to be called forth, but I have no idea what it could do.

I mean, it's literally just dust from fairies, right?

What a weird reward.

Hmm, surprisingly, I have three Gold Tickets, but it kind of puts me in an apprehensive mood, because I had this many as well when all this shit started.

[Goth Magnet]

|Uncommon Trait|

Goths and emos are drawn to you for some reason, making it easier for you to garner affection and favor from goths or those with daddy/mommy issues. In addition, people turn a blind eye to your less-than-favorable actions more easily, just like how those fathers turned a blind eye to their daughters.

​
No. Seriously. Do you want me to hook up with someone?

I feel the urge to deliberately act against whatever Bob expects, but that would mean letting him influence me, so fuck that. Still, the pattern is becoming annoyingly obvious.

Another horny perk and I flip, I don't give a fuck.

[Unbreakable Blade]

|Rare Item|

A simple sharp steel longsword that is completely unbreakable and undamagable.

​
Now this is what I'm talking about. It's straight to the point, is very simple, and most important of all, it's not horny!

Still, an unbreakable anything is impressive, guess we'll see those claims when I meet something that should be able to destroy anything.

…That was foreshadowing, by the way.

[Netoranger]

|Uncommon Trait|

You are a Netoranger; no relationship is sacred to you. It is easier to get people to betray their loved ones for you, and people in relationships find themselves more attracted to you.

​
I give up.

{You give up? I GIVE UP!}

​
This thing is connected to the multiverse, right? The weird space that I travelled in between to reach this world, so big and vast I couldn't even comprehend where it ended and where it finished, if it even did that to begin with.

Tell me why the fuck! – Am I getting so many lewd perks?

…

Bob?

…

Damn, guess he did give up for now.

Hopefully with him gone the last thing will be somewhat normal.

With him gone, surely the last one will be normal. It's an Advantage Gold Ticket. There's no way this goes wrong.

[Eternal Bleed]

|Elite Trait|

Your body holds a virtually limitless amount of blood and you regenerate blood 100 times faster, you can feed a whole clan of vampires for the rest of their lives or be the ultimate bank for a Hemokinetic.


Or


[Swiftness]

|Uncommon Ability|

You are able to amplify your movements with energy, making you move faster, but this does not affect your natural agility or senses. The faster you go, the more the energy cost increases.

​
Fuck, thank whatever God that is greater than Bob, non horny options!

Look at this amazing option, I am virtually incapable of bleeding out. What an amazing trait! And would you look at that, it doesn't make the one drinking aroused, obsessed, or attract vampires?!

You see this, Bob? You seeing this?

{*Cries in Cosmic Tentacles*}​

Little bitch.



AN: I SWEAR, WHY AM I ROLLING SO MANY HORNY PERKS! I knew what I was getting into with those starting rolls, but its like the Gacha itself wants the smut to happen right here and now

Also, tell me if you guys feel like Amy is not very in character, I didn't realize it until I was halfway writting it that it just felt right to have Amy and Samuel being carcastic little shits to each other. Also, if you guys didn't notice, Samuel is very much an unreliable narrator when it comes to seeing people want him, because in his old life that never happened. (He was the big bad, and that kind of scared the bitches)

So yes, Amy was super scared, like scared enough to have a panic sttack, thankfully the panic attacked was stopped by Scarousing putting in work and doing overtime.

Throughout this chapter, Amy is just trying to grapple with the fact that she might be into Blackmail. As in a large, strong man blackmailing her.

Guess she's in the road for self discovery.

Next chapter is gonna start from Amy point of view, and then progress to Rachels

And yes, its gonna be the good stuff~
Last edited: Apr 30, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, StrugglingMind, EvilSmirk and 1,429 others
PassingBy
Dec 14, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Interlude 1: The Tired White Mage
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Dec 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#251
Amelia Dallon POV:

Panacea should be in the hospital right now.

The thought doesn't arrive suddenly; it never does. It settles in the back of Amy's mind the moment she stops moving, the moment her hands aren't working, and someone isn't thanking her with watery eyes and shaking hands. It presses down gently at first, then harder, until it becomes a weight she carries with her everywhere.

Every second she stands here is another second someone else is suffering. Every laugh, every breath taken without the sterile smell of antiseptic in her nose, feels borrowed from someone who needs it more. Someone dying quietly in a room she isn't in.

She watches people drift past the storefronts, arms full of shopping bags, friends tugging one another toward sales and displays, laughing over clothes they'll wear once or twice.

None of them look like they're counting seconds the way Amy always does.

It makes her chest tighten with envy.

The guilt of using free time reaches the familiar spiral, one that she is familiar with: why am I even in school? Sitting through lectures she'll never use, memorizing things that have nothing to do with the only thing she's actually good for. Healing isn't a career path so much as a sentence, and every attempt to imagine herself doing anything else ends the same way, with guilt crushing her lungs until breathing feels optional.

If she ever tried to hold a normal job, really tried, Amy is certain it would destroy her. She wouldn't last a week without feeling like she was murdering someone by clocking in.

It's Sunday. Normally, she would already be in the ER by now, handling the weekend casualties, the drunk drivers, the fights, the accidents that pile up whenever people decide rules don't apply to them for two days. If not that, then the medical ward, where the beds never seem to empty no matter how many she clears.

She would stay until the staff decided to kick her out.

The pressure swells again, nausea curling low in her stomach, cold sweat prickling along her spine. Her body knows exactly where she should be, and it hates her for not being there.

Amy forces herself to breathe slowly, quietly, anchoring herself to the moment. Focusing in the sound of the people milling around the shop the ventilation running.

Push down the guilt, so she can actually live in the moment.

Normally, no one could pull her away from the hospital like this. Anyone else would've been brushed off, ignored, or guilted into leaving her alone.

Except Victoria.

Her sister had dragged her here with a grin and a promise of 'just an hour' – which had been almost three hours ago at this point, her aching feet reminded her - and Amy hadn't had the strength to say no. She never does, not to Vicky. The nausea shifts, turning inward now, aimed squarely at herself.

She's disgusting.

The guilt of not healing is quieter when she's with her sister, softened by the excuse that this is time spent with the one person she's allowed to prioritize. And that relief only feeds the deeper rot twisting in her chest, because Amy knows exactly why it works.

If she closes her eyes for even a second, it almost feels like they're—

"He's hot."

Amy blinks hard, her thoughts slamming to a stop as if someone yanked the cord out of her head.

"What?"

Vicky's leaning casually against the wall near the changing booths, arms crossed, eyes very obviously fixed on the curtain Samuel disappeared behind. The mall lights catch in her blonde hair, making her look effortlessly put together in that way that has Amy mesmerized.

"C'mon," Vicky says, smirking, "don't give me that. You were looking too."

Amy feels heat rush to her face before she can stop it, sharp and unwelcome.

"No, I wasn't."

Her sister snorts. "Girl, you were practically drooling."

Amy huffs and rolls her eyes, crossing her arms even as she reflexively glances toward the booth. She absolutely had not been staring. That would be ridiculous.

"He's not that good-looking," she insists, the words coming out faster than she intends.

Vicky looks delighted by this. "Really? You're telling me you wouldn't want to feel how strong those muscles are?"

She punctuates it with an exaggerated eyebrow wiggle, clearly enjoying herself far too much.

She scrambles for a distraction. "Aren't you back with Dean?"

Vicky waves it off without even looking away from the booth. "It's okay to look at the menu if you eat at home."

Amy stares at her.

Deadpan.

Vicky catches the look, and laughs, her voice beautiful.

"I can still hear you!"

Amy sputters as Samuel's voice carries easily out of the changing booth, casual and unbothered, as if he isn't currently broadcasting to half the store.

"Good!" Vicky shoots back unbothered, "then maybe you'll tell us who your favourite dancer is."

Amy becomes acutely aware of the way heads turn, curiosity prickling at her skin. A few people pause a little too long, eyes flicking between her and Victoria with that particular sharpness that comes from recognition. Being out of costume helps, and the carefully chosen accessories do their job well enough, but the second-hand embarrassment still hits her like a wave.

God, this better not find itself in PHO.

"Well," Samuel continues, "she was blonde, had blue eyes, and called herself Glory Girl."

"Bitch, you wanna go?" Vicky snaps instantly.

"No thanks," he replies, deadpan. "Already have a 'dancer' for that."

Amy winces, half from the attention and half from the sheer audacity of it.

Normally—normally—someone talking to her sister like that would make her bristle on instinct. She's spent years watching people orbit Victoria with awe, fear, or thinly veiled worship, and she's learned to be protective in the quiet ways Vicky never notices.

But coming from Samuel, it just… doesn't land that way.

Instead of anger, Amy feels a reluctant flicker of amusement. Samuel doesn't soften his tone, and he certainly doesn't defer. He treats Victoria like a person, and that alone puts him in a category most people never reach.

People love Glory Girl, loved the symbol of Glory Girl. Amy understands why—she's bright with her smile and carries an air of unshakable confidence that makes her impossible to ignore. But that love comes with distance, and it means that very few people ever push back against Vicky's wishes. Watching Samuel do it so effortlessly makes something twist in Amy's chest.

Jealousy, she realizes faintly.

Vicky looks almost happy as they bicker, energized in a way Amy doesn't see often. It's new for her, someone who doesn't immediately fold or fawn, and Amy can tell she's enjoying the novelty.

Her thoughts drift as the argument continues, half-listening, half spiraling. She remembers how she'd first clocked Samuel as a problem—another fan, maybe, someone who'd latched onto her sister through sheer persistence. It wouldn't be the first time. Years of public attention have trained them to be cautious, but it was still difficult to sort genuine people from those chasing proximity to fame.

She had been sure he was the latter.

Sure, that he was manipulating the situation, intruding on what was supposed to be a rare, normal day with her sister, that he'd walked off with Vicky, casual as anything, leaving Amy behind.

The spike of anger she'd felt then still burns when she remembers it, sharp and sudden—and how quickly it had slipped through her fingers the moment he spoke. The way he'd looked at her, said lover's spat like it was obvious.

Nothing has ever terrified her more.

One glance. That's all it took.

Samuel had taken one look at her and seen it. As if her thoughts were written on her face for his eyes to see.

The realization had frozen her in place, dread swelling until it pressed against her ribs. The fear wasn't just that he knew—it was that he could say something. That he could turn to Vicky, casual and blunt, and tear Amy's life open with a sentence.

The thought still makes her stomach lurch.

And then—

Amy swallows hard, pushing down the flush.

Apparently, there are no depths to her depravity.

Because tangled up with that fear is something else. A heat unlike anything she ever felt, the way her body stiffened and trembled with need. How the thought of him holding that secret over her, of pushing her, of forcing himself at her…

He walked pass her, giving her a piercing glance and-

Well, let's just say that there was a reason why Amy also bought a new pair of panties.

This never happened before! Amy was one hundred percent sure that she's gay. She's always been gay. There isn't a single memory she can point to that contradicts that.

Except that maybe she just had a very specific type? One that apparently Samuel hit all the check list for.

And of course, those weird feelings that cropped up in response to Samuel looking at her too long, whenever he spoke directly, or at that piercing gaze of his.

Amy will be the first to say that her search history wasn't the purest, but up until now the wildest things she searched up was some light bondage.

Who knew that she had a thing for blackmailing?

Not her, that's for fucking sure!

Still… there's a quiet, relief buried underneath the panic. The knowledge that, for once, her feelings aren't circling back to the one person they're not allowed to touch.

Unfortunately, Amy would like to never again see Samuel in her life, just like he said he would disappear after Vicky was done with him. Not only had he been scary sharp at seeing through her feelings, but these heart spikes also weren't good for her health.

She's just thankful he doesn't have a phone, since it meant Vicky wouldn't be able to drag a means of communication.

That was a load off her mind, even as traitorous as it is, a small part of that same mind echoes Vicky's earlier sentiment.

He is annoyingly hot.

"Man," Vicky mutters, arms crossed now, watching the curtain like it personally offended her, "this guy has no manners. No idea how to treat a lady."

Her voice pulls Amy back into the present. The bickering has stopped.

"It feels weird," Amy admitted at last, breaking the lull while Samuel remained hidden behind the thin curtain of the changing booth.

"Right?!" Vicky snapped her fingers in immediate agreement, clearly relieved she wasn't the only one thinking it. "Even if he didn't know who we were, you'd think he'd at least be a little excited about meeting capes. But he didn't even blink." She tilted her head toward the booth, lowering her voice only slightly. "It's like it didn't matter for him."

Amy followed her sister's gaze and found herself nodding despite herself. Vicky wasn't wrong. Even after learning they were part of New Wave, a group of superheroes established in Brockton Bay, and just the fact that they were parahumans, Samuel hadn't reacted beyond an interested hum.

He just held that same unreadable, flat expression that was annoyingly attractive.

No, not attractive at all! In fact, Amy couldn't wait to see what lay beyond that piece of wood he called a face.

Then again, Amy had known him for maybe half an hour, and she was already convinced very little made that blank face crack.

Still…

"Do you think he's met capes before?" Amy asked quietly. It would explain it, a few of their regulars in fan meetings are much more relaxed than newcomers.

"Do—" Vicky cut herself off mid-sentence, licking her lips as her eyes flicked back toward the booth. She leaned closer, voice dropping into a conspiratorial whisper. "Do you think it has something to do with his scars?"

Amy found her face falling into a worried frown.

Yeah. That.

It wasn't just his fit body that had caught their attention earlier. It was the scars, dozens of them, of various sizes and uneven, crossing his skin in ways that spoke of violence. Some were old enough to have faded into pale lines, others still angry and newer, months at most if Amy's numbers were right.

Working in the ER as Panacea had trained her eye whether she liked it or not. She knew the difference between accidents and intent, between survival and damage endured. And while she hated judging people by appearances—especially when, beneath her hands, everyone became the same fragile collection of tissue and blood—it would be a lie to say her first thought upon seeing Samuel hadn't been thug.

This guy looked like someone who got into fights- No, more like someone who expected them. Tall and coiled, posture strong in a way that dared anyone to try something, chin lifted, implying he was already confident about how it would end. Like he knew he'd be the one walking away.

Which was—

Fucking Hot.

Not the point!

Amy cleared her throat and firmly shoved that thought back where it belonged.

For a moment, she'd even wondered if he was part of a gang, but the idea lost traction quickly.

…yes, because he's black, and that truly was a reversal of roles, wasn't it? He obviously couldn't be Empire, and just as obviously couldn't be ABB. Granted, Samuel could still be from some of the small-time gangs- she heard of a new one without parahumans, called the Merchants, but a criminal without a cape backing wouldn't be so unafraid of a cape.

"He's from Brazil," Amy said, mostly to fill the silence, partly to keep the conversation going. "He said he arrived in Brockton not too long ago."

"Eeh?" Vicky's brows shot up, intrigue lighting her face. "Then you don't think—"

She was getting loud again.

"Shhh," Amy hissed, grabbing her sleeve and tugging her closer. The proximity made something warm bloom in her chest, a strange, unwelcome flutter as they leaned in together to whisper. "Look, he obviously didn't have a great life, but that doesn't mean we should treat him differently." She paused, then fixed Vicky with a pointed look. "And we definitely shouldn't ask insensitive questions."

Brazil.

The word alone carried weight in Amy's mind, heavy with context she couldn't ignore. The largest country in South America, and statistically the one with the highest concentration of villainous capes in the Americas, second only to China worldwide.

The comparison with the United States was always stark. Here, the PRT and Protectorate had managed, more or less, to fold capes into a structured system of authority, turning superpowers into a regulated branch of government.

South America hadn't been so lucky. Power there had fractured into something closer to feudalism, with the strongest ruling from the top while gangs carved cities into territories, governments left standing mostly as decorative shells to preserve the illusion of order.

Corruption wasn't a flaw in the system; it was the system.

And Samuel had lived there.

From what little she'd seen, he hadn't just survived it, he'd been worn down and hardened in equal measure. The scars across his body told a story Amy didn't need words for, one of repeated violence and endurance, of damage taken and lived through rather than avoided.

She realized, distantly, that she hadn't been wrong to be afraid of him. Not because he might be a gang member, not because he was hostile or cruel, but because anyone who could live through that environment and come out the other side marked like that was, by definition, dangerous. Even without intent, even without malice, experience like that left an imprint.

Just existing in a world that could hurt you that deeply was enough to make someone sharp around the edges.

There was something wrong with her, Amy realised.

Looking away from her sister, she once again tried to calm her thudding heart, and desperately wondered when they could go home so she can change into a new pair of panties.

Was she really so damn thirsty?!

Dammit, maybe letting off a bit of steam at home wouldn't be so bad?

No, no!

Ugh, this was all his fault.

Still, for all of that Samuel seemed intent on setting her into a heart attack; he'd been cooperative, even patient in his own blunt way. His tongue was sharp, yes, but there was no real hostility there, no cruelty hiding behind the barbs. Amy found she didn't feel the need to brace herself around him anymore, didn't feel the instinctive pull toward animosity that usually followed fear.

How strange, she's known him for such a short time, and she already felt comfortable in his presence.

"I don't—" Vicky started, then paused, visibly reconsidering before shrugging. "Okay. Point taken."

Amy let out a quiet breath she hadn't realized she'd been holding.

Despite what a lot of people assumed, Victoria wasn't stupid, or shallow, or careless. Nearly two years as a heroine had put her in constant contact with lawyers, PRT handlers, and long, exhausting meetings about optics and consequences. She was socially adept, frighteningly so when she wanted to be, and on top of that she was taking advanced parahuman studies at Arcadia. Amy genuinely doubted anyone else in their grade could keep up with her sister academically.

The problem was never intelligence. It was impulse.

Vicky tended to leap first and trust her strength, charm, and sheer momentum to carry her safely to the other side, and more often than not, it worked. That success only reinforced the habit.

The changing booth curtain suddenly slid open, drawing both of their attention at once.

Samuel stepped out, clearly unhappy with what he was wearing.

"I look ridiculous," he said, deadpan.

Spoiler: Samuel (Vicky Style)

He looked crazy delicious, her mind helpfully supplied.

Amy told her mind to go fuck itself, which caused a short-circuit for a solid second.

The black shirt clung to Samuel in a way that felt frankly unfair, outlining muscle without looking like he was trying, and the half-kilt jacket somehow worked on him in a way it absolutely should not have. Even the new earrings and rings—simple fake cheap accessories—added to the look instead of distracting from it.

She noticed that Vicky was just as stunned as she was.

Amy swallowed, the thought slipping by her horny brain uninvited, and very much unwelcome, of simply: Yup, I'm bisexual now.

"Damn," Vicky said at last, breaking the silence with a satisfied nod. "I do good work."

Samuel grunted, crossing his arms over his chest. "I dislike agreeing with you."

Amy's eyes immediately betrayed her, tracking the movement before she could stop herself, and she had to look away before her face gave her away completely.

How would those arms feel wrapped around her? Pulling her closer, or even better, wrapped around her neck-

No, wait, the fuck is she thinking about?!

"Was that a compliment?" Vicky teased, smirking.

"You know better," he replied flatly.

Vicky laughed and began circling him, hands on her hips as she inspected her handiwork. "You're not my usual model for this kind of style," she said thoughtfully, "but honestly, that makes it better. I can tailor things to you instead of forcing a look."

Samuel tilted his head, and Amy couldn't help but comparing the adorable action to a dog. "Do heroes usually know this much about fashion?"

"They do when they don't have a government-funded PR department picking their outfits like the Wards or the Protectorate," Amy answered, finding her voice as Vicky continued her slow lap. She shrugged. "After enough costume redesigns, you pick things up. Well—Vicky does. I handed mine over to her and never looked back. Thankfully it went pretty well."

"Huh." Samuel looked genuinely thoughtful for a moment, then nodded once. "I owe you an apology."

Vicky stopped short, blinking. "Oh? For what?"

"You're not as stupid as you seem."

"I might be a hero," Vicky said with forceful cheer, "but I'm not above punching you."

He snorts, ignoring her completely and turned to Amy instead, catching her off guard as she was still trying to suppress the shudders from his piercing eyes. "What do you think?"

Amy froze for half a heartbeat, then gave a fake hum. "Do a twirl."

He scowled. "No."

She raised an eyebrow with false bravado, unimpressed. "Yes."

After a moment of silent resistance, Samuel sighed and turned in a slow, full circle.

Holy shit, look at that ass. The jacket shifted with the motion, the fit doing him no favors in the be subtle about this department, it climbed up as he stiffly moved, and it was enough to see the jeans tighly hugging his posterior, showing a piece of art that had previously been hidden from the world.

Amy stared, then immediately hated herself for staring.

Get it together.

She flicked a glance at Vicky and found her sister just as focused, which—strangely—made the moment less awkward and more understanding. S-should she try and see it from her sister's eyes, to try and dial back her own thirstiness?

Okay, think, how would Victoria Dallon react if her boyfriend had an ass like that?

She wants to desperately motorboat that ass.

Woah, where did that come from?!

…Amy really needed to let off some steam after this, because she felt like she was gonna explode.

"Well?" Samuel asked, deadpan.

Amy forced herself to look back up at his face. "You might actually get someone's attention now."

Unspoken by her was the fact that she was very much the girl paying attention.

"An incredible endorsement," he said without missing a beat.

Vicky laughed. "The clothes help, but you'll need an attitude adjustment. Maybe lose the death stare, smile more, stop looking like you're about to—"

"I got the message," he cut in.

Amy bit back a smile.

"If you do," Vicky sing-songed, nudging the moment along with a grin, "you might even get a girl. Who knows? Maybe she'll be as great as me."

She shot Amy a knowing look that immediately made the brunette scowl, irritation flaring at the familiar attempt to set her up with someone—again.

Its been a while since her sister tried to pull that card, so Amy mistakenly believed she had given up on that avenue, but that seemed to be wrong. The amount of time she had to go out with some jack to dumb to hold a proper conversation, or a guy who just wanted her for the fame was more then she cares to remember.

Except this time, annoyingly, the traitorous little part of her mind whispered that she wouldn't mind getting to know Samuel better.

"Like you?" Samuel scoffed. "That would be a pain."

"What—!" Vicky sputtered, hand flying to her chest. "I'll have you know I'm a prize."

He tilted his head, again sending a pulse of cuteness through her heart at the image of a dog, eyes sliding to Amy with perfect seriousness.

"Is a return possible?"

Vicky gasped loudly, scandalized.

"Non-refundable," Amy said dryly, shooting him a sardonic smile before she could think better of it.

"A pity," he snorted.

Vicky laughed despite herself, and Amy found herself laughing too, before her attention snagged on something stupid, his teeth, fleeting as it was seeing them, revealing canines that looked just a little sharper than normal.

Why did I even notice that?

Cause maybe you want to feel them on your neck.

Okay, she needs to get out of here before she explodes.

"Whatever," Vicky said, breaking her out of the dangerous thought process, waving a hand. "Back in the booth, hot stuff. You've still got more outfits."

Samuel rolled his eyes and headed back inside with the next set of clothes, not even pretending to argue. Amy watched him go, noting how little he seemed to care about Vicky's opinion—and yet how he still went along with it anyway.

That felt telling.

If he'd actually been annoyed, he would've walked away already. Instead, he stayed, endured the teasing, tolerated the comments of two girls he barely knew. Somewhere behind that wall of indifference, Amy suspected there was someone who didn't entirely mind their company.

The thought left a strange warmth in her chest; one she immediately tried not to examine.

Thankfully, Vicky leaned in close, offering a distraction.

"I didn't want to say anything," she whispered conspiratorially, "but did you see how good his ass looked in that? How is that even legal? There was an entire ass jacked up under that jacket."

"Maybe it's fake?" Amy offered weakly, even as she knew deep in her bones that it wasn't. She knew what fake butts looked like, and that piece of art had not been one.

"Please," Vicky hissed. "You saw how it moved. Damn."

For once, Amy didn't feel a spike of jealousy—just a resigned, slightly horrified agreement. She nodded before realizing she was doing it.

"I kind of want to feel it," she murmured.

The words left her mouth before her brain caught up.

Vicky looked surprised, then slowly turned to her with a radiant, dangerous smile.

"No," Amy said immediately. "Vicky, no."

Her sister squealed at a volume that somehow still counted as a whisper, grabbing Amy by the shoulders as her face went nuclear.

"I didn't mean it like that!"

Vicky was practically vibrating. "Really?" she whisper-shouted, eyes shining. "My little sister finally has a crush!"

"I do not," Amy insisted, even as she mentally scrambled for an alternative explanation and came up painfully empty.

"You have good taste as well, that body? Tell me you don't want a chocolate banana." Her sister crudely joked, yet watched her intently for her reaction.

A reaction that she gave when her body flushed at the imagination fired off by her sister's words.

Damn you, brain, you can hallucinate an entire horny scenario without missing a beat, but can't even help making a lame excuse?!

Also, what the hell Vicky! You're dating someone, why are you showing this much interest as well?!

"This is incredible," The blonde breathed, awe creeping into her voice at the sight of Amy's red face.

"If, and this is a big if, if I had a crush, you're making it bigger than it is," Amy groaned.

"I'm really not," Vicky shot back. "This is you we're talking about. The girl who has never dated anyone in the history of ever."

"Okay, fuck you," Amy muttered. "And I've known him for less than an hour!"

"So?" Vicky shrugged easily, her grin softening into something fond. "Having a crush doesn't mean you start planning a wedding, Amy. It just means there's attraction—something that could turn into more if you let it."

Amy opened her mouth to argue, then stalled, because nothing that her sister said was wrong.

She was making a mistake here, Amy realised. Putting the same emotional weight behind her taboo crush on Vicky into this weird sense of attraction that she felt towards Samuel, when in reality, there should be none.

"…Ugh," she groaned. "You're sickeningly sweet."

Vicky laughed. "C'mon. What's the harm in trying?"

That was the problem—the harm that might come from trying, her mind immediately lined up all the reasons why she shouldn't even be considering it in the first place. Dating meant time, and time meant hours away from the hospital, away from patients who didn't get to choose whether they were hurt or sick or dying. It meant prioritizing someone else when she already struggled to justify prioritizing herself at all, and that alone made her chest feel tight with guilt.

It wouldn't be fair to anyone, not when she knew she would always choose the hospital first, not when she wouldn't compromise, couldn't compromise, without hating herself for it. And worse than that was the thought of rejection, of opening herself up and being told no, of feeling small and unwanted when she already carried so much self-loathing it felt like a second skin.

There was another fear she never said out loud, even to herself: the quiet terror that if she ever got into a real emotional fight with someone she cared about, something might snap, that her power might slip in a moment of hurt or anger and she'd do something she could never take back.

But she couldn't say that.

So, she latched onto a lamer excuse instead.

"There is no trying," Amy said, crossing her arms and scowling. "That guy is a huge pain to be around. A rock would be more interesting."

It came out weaker than she wanted.

Vicky looked at her for a long moment, then her expression softened in a way that made Amy uncomfortable, because it felt undeserved. Amy knew that her sister came to the wrong conclusions, clearly thinking that this was just the plain, ordinary fear of rejection.

Amy didn't say anything to deny that motion.

"It's kind of funny to tease him, though," Vicky said lightly as they waited.

"It's hilarious," Amy admitted without thinking.

Vicky's grin turned triumphant immediately.

Amy realized what she'd said and groaned, squeezing her eyes shut as her sister giggled.

"Oi!" Samuel's voice cut in from the changing booth. "How do I tie this shit?"

Vicky's smile sharpened into something downright evil, and Amy instantly regretted existing.

"Don't worry, Sam," Vicky said sweetly. "Amy will be more than happy to help."

"No," Amy said as soon as the evil smile turned to her.

Too late.

Vicky grabbed her by the shoulders, shoved her toward the booth, and snapped the curtain shut behind her before Amy could protest.

She froze at seeing the boy's rich chocolate skin as he stopped midway through taking off a shirt to acknowledge her.

"What?" Samuel asked flatly.

Amy flushed, turning away immediately. "Vicky is a pain," she muttered.

"Tell me about it," he said, then glanced down at what he was wearing. "Do you actually know how to tie this?"

"Yes," she answered automatically.

There was a pause.

"…Why are you still looking away?"

"Oh, you already dressed—?" Amy turned despite herself and immediately cut herself off.

He wasn't wearing a shirt.

Her brain betrayed her, cataloging everything at once: the definition of muscle, the way his posture made him look relaxed and dangerous all at the same time, and how his skin tone had her mind flying towards melted chocolate that she wanted to desperately lick.

Those horny thoughts were put in the back burner as—more clinically, more painfully—the scars filtered through her mind. Some were old, pale lines she recognized as long-healed trauma, but others were newer, only weeks past scabbing, their edges still faintly angry.

She turned around so fast she nearly hit the curtain.

"Why the hell aren't you wearing anything?!" she snapped.

"I'm wearing pants," Samuel said, genuine confusion in his voice.

"That's not what I—" Amy stopped herself, inhaled slowly, forcing her thoughts back into order. Different cultures, she reminded herself, Brazil wasn't the U.S., maybe this wasn't a thing there. "…Put a shirt on," she insisted.

He huffed. "Virgin."

"Am not!"

He didn't respond, but she could feel the sceptical eyebrow he didn't bother verbalizing, and it made her seethe as she waited through the silence while he pulled the shirt on.

When she turned back around, her eyes betrayed her again, tracing one of the scars along his neck before she could stop herself.

"All those scars…" she said quietly.

"Yes?" He sounded unbothered, which somehow made it easier to continue.

"You got them in Salvador?"

"It was not a good place," Samuel replied simply.

That was it.

The finality in his tone made it clear the subject was closed, and Amy nodded, swallowing the rest of her questions as the weight of it settled in her chest.

There was a brief stretch of silence before Samuel broke it.

"Tie?" he asked, lifting the offending piece of clothing.

"Oh—yeah," Amy said, stepping closer before she really processed it. "You do it like this."

She reached up, fingers moving automatically as she looped the fabric around his neck, tying it the way she'd seen Vicky do a hundred times to Dean, a hated memory that ironically was used for this weird moment of her life.

Only then did she realize how close she was, how intently he was watching her hands, his gaze steady and unblinking in a way that made her skin prickle.

The awareness hit her all at once, heat rushing to her face.

"Tch," she muttered, defaulting to irritation to cover the embarrassment, "How do you not know how to do this?"

"Nobody ever taught me," he replied easily.

She froze.

The words landed heavier than she expected, and suddenly Vicky's earlier comment about him not having a family resurfaced, the memory becoming sharp and uncomfortable. Amy felt like she'd stepped on something fragile without realizing it, and guilt twisted in her chest.

No family. She knew what it meant to have a less-than-stellar one, but she couldn't help but feel pity towards the boy before her, someone who had probably lost his family to the brutality of Brazil, and was now all alone.

"…Sorry," she said quietly.

Samuel shrugged. "Doesn't matter. You're teaching me now."

That somehow made it worse.

Her face warmed further, and she had the alarming thought that she might actually be crushing on a guy she'd known for barely two hours, which was ridiculous and dangerous and absolutely not something she had time for.

"There," she said, stepping back. "That should—"

Her heel clipped the edge of the chair behind her, and she pitched backward with a startled gasp.

She never hit the ground.

Samuel caught her easily, one arm firm around her back as he pulled her upright again, and for a second their chests grinded together that had her sensitive peaks sent a course of lightning through her back, his other arm circling her just long enough to steady her. Amy inhaled without meaning to, registering the clean, warm scent of him, the solid press of muscle that made her acutely aware of how small she felt by comparison.

Her brain short-circuited.

"Pervert," he said flatly.

"What—?" Oh, she was still holding him. And with that realisation, Amy shoved him back, flustered and red-faced. "Who the hell are you calling a pervert?!"

She didn't wait for an answer, stomping out of the booth before her thoughts could get any more traitorous.

She was angry, embarrassed, and painfully aware of how fast her heart was still racing, but as she leaned against the wall outside, one truth refused to be ignored.

For just a second, standing there with Samuel, she hadn't been thinking about the hospital, or her responsibilities, or the weight of everything she carried.

She'd felt lighter.

And that terrified her as much as it thrilled her.

It took a whole other hour for them to be done, and for Vicky to be satisfied in having a new male model.

Amy thought she was having too much of a good time. If she were the one dating Vicky, she probably would have felt apprehension at seeing how much she liked Samuel, a guy she met just this morning.

She wasn't, though, so fuck Dean.

They finished up paying for the new clothes, with Vicky taking it out of her own wallet, since Samuel refused to pay a single penny for it.

Considering he had been pushed by Vicky to begin with, Amy thought it was fair, even as a small part of her shouted how being around her sister should already have been good enough recompense.

Vicky, of course, was practically orbiting the boy, barely managing not to fly around him like a fussy bird.

"It's too bad you don't have a phone to exchange numbers with," Her sister pouted, disappointment coloring her voice.

"Maybe there is a God." Samuel mused.

"Fuck you," Vicky replied with a snort.

Amy smashed the part of her that was just as disappointed at not getting his phone number.

"Still," Vicky pressed on, undeterred. "It was nice. Y'know, meeting you. Even if you are a caustic asshole. If you see us around, you should totally come say hi."

Samuel's face was a perfect mask of blank incredulity. "No."

She couldn't help it. A sharp, barking laugh escaped Amy. Vicky shot her a look, lower lip jutting out in a pout. "Amy! Don't laugh at him. And don't be so rude, Sam."

"He's not being rude, he's being honest," Amy managed, wiping a tear from the corner of her eye.

Vicky huffed, but the moment was broken, a brief silence came over them as they all walked towards the exit of the mall, Samuel's new plastic bags rustled, the mundane sound standing out to her for some reason.

They reached the exit, and Amy didn't know what to do.

Still, her sister was watching, gaze bright, and expectant pinning Amy in place, waiting for her to do a move or something.

In panic, Amy raised a hand and felt herself die a bit when her sister rolled her eyes.

This was stupid. A handshake. A stupid, pointless gesture of finality for an afternoon that had felt both endless and far too short. Still, seeing the adorable head tilt, Amy kept her hand held out, stiffly waiting for him to accept it.

"I guess… this is bye." She lamely stated.

"Try not to faint from exhaustion, Shortie," Samuel said, his voice a low rumble that seemed to vibrate directly up my spine.

"Oh, I'm Shortie now?" Amy couldn't help but quip.

"Raccoons are short." He shrugs at his own impeccable logic.

"Go die in a hole," She retorted in amusement, voice surprisingly steady. Rolling her eyes for effect, and took his hand into hers.

And the world dissolved.

The background hum of her power, the constant, low-grade chatter of living biology she'd learned to tune out after a year of healing whenever she made skin contact with anyone, vanished.

There was only Samuel.

The Parahuman, because he couldn't possibly be anything else.

Her power didn't just see; it understood things on a genetic level, and it was because it understood that it was screaming at her as she witnessed something that she could only compare to a theoretically perfected Case 53.

Amy's perception, normally a clean, clinical overlay of anatomical systems, buckled. There was a second layer to him, a schematic drawn in impossible colors and humming with a force she couldn't begin to describe. Organs that didn't correspond to any known biological function pulsed with a cold, fiery energy. She followed the flow, mind an unwilling passenger, and watched as where a digestive tract should continue, there was… nothing. A rent in the fabric of his being, a perfect, silent void that connected to a plane of existence her power couldn't begin to fathom. It was a gateway, a doorway to a place of screaming red and black chaos, and it was siphoning power directly from it.

It didn't exist. Not physically. But it was there. A nexus point where matter and energy were converted into something else.

Where gastric acids should have been, there was a roiling, amorphous liquid that seemed to laugh as her perception grazed it. It wasn't a chemical reaction waiting to happen; somewhere in the back of her brain, she instinctively understood what it was; it was a concept of pure, untethered violence, given liquid form.

He was fundamentally different, down to his flesh and bones. Utterly, horrifyingly perfected. Amy saw the cellular structure of his muscles, denser than any Olympic athlete's, woven with fibers that didn't just contract—they violated the laws of motion, capable of shortening with an impossible speed. She saw the lattice of his bones, infused with a material that shimmered between carbon and something harder. His tongue wasn't just a muscle; it was longer, thicker, lined with a different texture of papillae, designed for… dexterity. Prehensile strength.

Her core heated up, but her power wasn't done.

Amy's gaze, detached and analytical, swept downward. It was routine. She always did a full-body scan. A check of the liver, kidneys, and the lymphatic system. The reproductive organs were just another system, another set of data points. She's told herself this even as a strange, liquid heat began to pool in her abdomen, a slow, insidious burn that had nothing to do with scientific curiosity and everything to do with the sight that met her inner eye.

His cock.

It was… a masterpiece of function. And she hated her power for showing it to her, how her power seemed to come alive at the further it scanned it, making Amy understand its every detail with an intimacy that was more profound than a touch. There was a treacherous throb between her legs.

Amy tried to pull back, to sever the connection, but it was impossible. The analysis continued, unbidden.

The shape was wrong, in a way that was terrifyingly, exquisitely right. The shaft wasn't merely cylindrical; it possessed a subtle, asymmetric curvature, and its surface was mapped with a delicate network of raised, almost cartilaginous ridges. They weren't random. Her power screamed their purpose with delight. Each ridge was positioned to maximize friction against specific, highly sensitive internal structures of a woman's interior. The coronal ridge was pronounced, a flared, blunt spearhead designed to hook and stimulate on every withdrawal. The girth was extreme, but her power showed her how the vascular system surrounding it was uniquely adapted to become engorged with a special, oxygen-rich blood that maintained rigidity without sacrificing a subtle, yielding flexibility.

And then she saw the glands. Microscopic structures, clustered along the frenulum and the underside of the shaft, weren't for lubrication in any conventional sense. The fluid they were primed to secrete was something else entirely. Her power analyzed its chemical makeup, and a wave of dizziness washed over Amy. It wasn't just a lubricant. It was a potent, localized neuromodulator. An agent designed to dull pain receptors while simultaneously amplifying pleasure signals, essentially hijacking the nervous system of any partner. It would prepare the body, allowing for a stretching that would otherwise be agony, turning it into a cascade of overwhelming sensation.

It was a tool. A biological weapon of pleasure, engineered to bypass consent, to shatter rational thought, to reduce a woman to a quivering, receptive vessel for its own purpose. The sheer, predatory efficiency of it was staggering.

Something designed to break a mind with pleasure.

The heat in her belly was no longer a pool; it was a forge.

A part of her felt horror at the clearly changed body made for the sole purpose of pleasurable sex. Another, deeper part that she didn't even know existed until this morning, was captivated, enthralled.

The treacherous throb between her legs became a deep, aching pulse.

Amy felt like she was about to climax right then and there.

A whimper, high and thin, escaped her lips. Her fingers, still locked in his, spasmed. The world outside her mind—the rustle of bags, the distant pop music, Vicky's concerned face starting to turn toward her—was a distant, underwater dream. The only reality was the biological blueprint in her head, the screaming perfection of a sexual cataclysm, and the horrifying, undeniable fact that her body was crying out for it.

Amy felt her legs shake-

"Oi, Shortie."

The voice was a physical blow, shattering the trance. Her eyes flew open.

The connection was still there, a screaming torrent of information, but Amy was now aware of herself again, of her body's clammy sweat, of the ragged gasps for air she was taking.

"You gonna let go?"

His words were flat. Annoyed. He had no idea; her power confirmed it. He was just a boy, annoyed at a girl who wouldn't let go of his hand. The mundane reality of it was so absurd that it was almost funny.

Samuel was completely unaware of what she had just done, or if he was, he was completely unaware of what his own body had been turned into.

What a joke.

Amy couldn't find it funny when her legs wouldn't stand straight, unable to meet his dark eyes that narrowed in confusion, and a tinge of concern.

"Y-y-you—" She stammered, the word catching in her throat.

"Huh?" He grunted, his expression shifting from annoyance to genuine bewilderment.

The accusation erupted from her, a volcanic explosion of shame, horror, and aching, twisted desire.

"Pervert!" Amy screamed, the word tearing from her lungs.

"Haaaaaaah?"

[FEAT: Acquire the Undivided Attention of the Uber Lesbian
1x Random Gold Gacha Ticket]


[FEAT: Acquire the UNDIVIDED ATTENTION of the Shaper
1x Random Platinum Gacha Ticket]


{Acquire the fucking what-?!}​


AN: Hello, my dear readers, I hope you enjoyed Amy's Interlude here. I originally wanted to do a chapter consisting of both Amy and Rachel, but honestly ended up having a bit too much content of just Amy, and I couldn't stop myself from teasing this girl too much.

I tried to make their banter feel organic, with the attraction both feel towards Samuel easing Vicky and Amy, and making them feel more comfortable with each other, so they seem more familiar.

Also, sorry if I went a bit too rambly over the last part where Amy goes gaga over Samuel's body, but I kind of wanted to emphasise how both Amy and the Shaper are drawn towards the unique biological system of the Living Cataclysm that is an Oni.

His body being so sexually charged, however, is a combination of both Oni (A creature of Depravity, main Body Changes here), Expert Kama Sutra (Doing slight body changes that would normally come with "experience"), and Sexual Calibration (More body changes).

Also, yes, by virtue of extreme compatibility, Samuel's body has been slightly modified to match Samuel's body (Jetstream Sam), that's why even his base form is in the realm of Comic Peak Human strength.

If you guys have any issues, please comment I'll be happy to talk it out. If you guys want to glaze me, please do, I'm a whore for them.

I do apologise for not having a lewd, but the next chapter is Rachel's POV, so it's definitely happening there.

You know, at this point I'm genuinely scared for any girl that sleeps with Samuel, she is not gonna be ready for literal mind-bending sex pleasure.
Last edited: Jan 13, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, StrugglingMind, EvilSmirk and 1,479 others
PassingBy
Dec 25, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Interlude 2: The Vicious Hound (Not really)
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Jan 3, 2026
Add bookmark
#308
Samuel Rodriguez POV:

The sun is already sinking low by the time I make it back home; the sky is washed in orange and dull purple as the streetlights flicker on one by one.

I got back home early today, but that was because I also started work much earlier today.

Hmm, the house is still dark, with every light still off, so Rachel hasn't come back from her work yet. She warned me she'd be late today, vague as always and without giving a time, but I can't exactly complain about that when I'm hardly the model of punctuality myself.

I pulled out my key, the sight of the copy Rachel had made for me brought a smile to my face, and let myself inside.

Two weeks is apparently enough time for habits to form, because I move through the house without thinking now, shutting the door, heading straight for the living room where the old couch I used to crash on has been replaced with a fold-out bed.

I toss my shopping on top of kitchen table as I walk past in a loose fashion, already deciding I'll deal with that later, and move on before the thought can linger.

Out back, the moment I open the door, I'm nearly bowled over by a small army of dogs surging forward, nails clicking on the floor, bodies pressing in from every direction, and I brace myself just in time to fend off the worst of it. It's about when they're usually fed, and Rachel had been very clear about the routine, so I make my way to the shed, grab the approved food, and distribute it under the watchful, imaginary eye of the Queen of Dogs herself.

Alright, once the chaos finally settled with the dogs happily occupied, it's time to get started with my own meal.

I shrug off my coat and set it aside on my bed, humming softly as I consider my options, letting the quiet of the house wrap around me while I think.

Hmm? A piece of paper slips free from my jacket pocket, drifting down to the floor.

Ugh, I grimace.

Victoria's face twisting in surprise as her sister suddenly explodes, Amy's voice cracking as she shouted over her shoulder while sprinting away, already bright red and getting further by the second.

"Hey, Amy—!"

Too late. She was already gone.

"I'm sorry!"

The words had echoed after her, drawing far too many eyes, and both of us had stood there watching her disappear into the distance while the rest of the mall stared.

"That girl, what's gotten into her this time?" Victoria shook her head, before flashing me a smile, a folded piece of paper suddenly in her hands, being thrust into mine.

"What is this?" I asked with a raised brow.

"For when you get a phone silly," Victoria stuck her tongue out at me, already turning away before an objection left my mouth, "Give us a call, okay?"

[FEAT: Get a girl's number, the first and also hardest step

1x Random Silver Gacha Ticket]

​
Its been a whole day and the paper stubbornly refuses to combust to ash still, no matter how hard I glare at it. With a sigh, I fold it once again and put it in the inside pocket of my jacket, to make sure it won't fall out this time.

Oh, why didn't I just throw it away?

Well…

The day had been loud, annoying, invasive, and I'd definitely gotten far more attention from a biokinetic than was comfortable thanks to the realities of my body.

…but it hadn't been bad.

Annoyingly enough, I'd even had fun.

Ugh. Victoria must never find out about that.

And as for Amelia, the realization had come to me far too late, only after Bob's incessant messages started buzzing in, that she could analyse organic bodies, which meant the moment she'd grabbed my hands I'd essentially handed her a mystery wrapped in red flags.

Its annoying, because Amelia was probably convinced I was a parahuman, and there was no universe where she wouldn't tell her sister.

What a fucking headache.

I shake the thoughts away and turn toward the kitchen, deciding that if I'm going to fixate on something, it might as well be the one thing that's been consistently good lately.

Cooking.

And the best part of today—my mouth threatens to split into a grin no matter how hard I try to keep it in check as I reach for the single best thing that's happened since I crashed into Brockton Bay.

A gift.

From my first friend.

"Here." Rachel's voice had been as blunt as ever, but there was something off about it, a hesitation tucked into the edges that made me pause halfway through the doorway as I was getting ready to leave.

"Hmm?" I'd turned back, one foot already out the door.

She'd been dressed neatly, which usually meant she was heading out soon, and she stood there with one hand hooked into her jacket and the other extended toward me, holding out a book as if she might drop it at any second. Her face was red, unmistakably so, and she absolutely refused to meet my eyes.


"You seem to like to cook." It took me a second to process it, staring at the cover, and thanks to my Literacy skill the title resolved cleanly in my mind the moment I focused.

A cookbook.

Slowly, almost carefully, I'd reached out and taken it from her

"This…" I'd started, then stopped, not knowing what to say.

No, that wasn't true. I knew exactly what I was supposed to say.

Smiling was usually difficult for me; I had no practice in it, and rarely a reason to do it, but this time it came easily,

"Thank you, Rachel. It's great."

She'd gone even redder at that, clearly just as unaccustomed to being thanked as I was to saying it, and responded with a grunt that passed for acknowledgment before brushing past me.

"You'd better cook something good," she'd muttered, and then it was closed behind her.

The book had been solid in my hands, hard paperback and heavier than I expected, yet somehow it felt warm.

I had stood there for quite some time, staring down at the book in my hands and wondering if this was what it felt like to have friends.

If it was, then fine, I'd admit it just this once.

Thanks, Bob. For giving me another lease in life, and to allow me to meet Rachel.

That was it, the one and only time.

Gratefulness over. Fuck you, Bob.

{…}

​

Ah. Yeah.

All is well in the world.

Alright then.

I crack the book open and flip through the pages, already thinking about Rachel coming home tired and irritable and hungry, and how the right kind of meal might actually earn me a grunt of approval, which at this point I recognize as high praise.

My eyes stop on a casserole dish; meatballs layered with cheese ravioli and drowned in sauce.

That sounds right.

Hopefully she'll be back while it's still warm.


The Vicious Hellhound

Late.

Too damn late.

It was new, this irritation gnawing at her chest, this constant awareness of time passing, and Rachel didn't like it one bit. Worrying about something as small as the hour on the clock wasn't how things worked for her, not before few weeks ago, not when the only deadlines that mattered were feeding schedules, fence locks, and when the shop close to her house would close.

Before, being late only mattered if Brian or Lisa called her in for a job, or if she cut it too close getting dogs out of Empire hands before things turned ugly. Those were real concerns, the kind that demanded attention.

This wasn't supposed to be one of them.

And yet, everything was different now, in ways she couldn't ignore no matter how much she tried. Harder, yes, because change always was, but also… better, in a way that made her feel weird. Rachel wasn't stupid; she knew exactly what had shifted, and it had everything to do with the man waiting back at her house, the one who had slid into her life so easily and somehow rearranged it just by being there.



One of those changes meant that instead of ignoring the time entirely, she kept checking it as the Undersiders made their way back from the job, irritation spiking every time she confirmed the same thing.

Almost two in the morning.

Rachel scowled behind her mask, shoulders tense as they moved through the darkened streets. Tattletale had said it would be quick, and it had been, if you only counted the actual heist. Twenty minutes, in and out, smash-and-grab with her dogs leading the charge while they stripped a jewellery store bare and vanished before anyone could blink.

What Lisa hadn't mentioned, or maybe hadn't thought worth emphasizing, were the seven hours of planning beforehand, walking routes, rehearsing contingencies, arguing over hypotheticals, and making sure everyone knew their part well enough to repeat it back without problems. Rachel hated that part, all the talking and circling and talking again, even if she understood that it was needed, especially with how hot things currently were.

They'd dodged the PRT cleanly enough, no sirens, no calls coming in hot, but the Empire had been another story. Too close, and only Tattletale's power had kept them from running headlong into a mess they wouldn't have walked away from easily. The capes had been hunting them, clear as day, pissed at them for stealing in their territories, and it only reinforced what Rachel already knew.

And through all of it, every close call and sharp turn and shouted warning, Rachel's thoughts kept circling back to the same thing.

When would this be over so she could go home?

She ground her teeth at the thought. Why did they even need her there for half of that mess? Coordinating this, listening to that, standing around while plans got revised for the fourth time. Just tell her where to go and what to break, and she'd handle the rest.



Still, she didn't complain. Packs had structure, and everyone had a role, even if she didn't understand why the others needed things done the way they did. Hers were simple. Violence, when it was called for, because that's where her power excels.

Tattletale was the brain, the one who kept things from going sideways. Grue was the leader, the anchor, the one she followed without questioning much. Regent was annoying, but useful, tripping up anyone stupid enough to chase them.

Grue was the strongest among them, and Rachel followed strength, always had, but lately she'd started to wonder if that would still be true if things ever came to blows. Samuel's gift sat heavy against her chest, the shiny card tucked close, thrumming with something she hadn't tested yet.

She hadn't called the name like he told her to, hadn't unleashed whatever waited inside it, but she could feel it all the same. Power, coiled and eager, familiar like a puppy wishing for attention, more than happy to do any tricks its owner wished for. The yips were there too, faint but unmistakable, the presence of a hound rubbing against her leg, panting.

Samuel had said his power was about turning himself and others into monsters.

Bitch wondered, not for the first time, if he'd chosen this card specifically for her.

Her heart did that stupid, uncomfortable thing again, twisting tight in her chest for no good reason.

She ignored it, set her jaw, and kept moving forward, because whatever was happening inside her didn't change one simple fact.

She wanted to go home.

By the time they finally reached one of their safe areas, Rachel let out a slow breath and eased off her power, the massive bone-and-muscle constructs collapsing inward until they were just dogs again, panting and shaking themselves off as if nothing unusual had happened. The alley was quiet, the night air cool against her skin, and the familiar weight of exhaustion settled into her bones as the danger slipped behind them.

Like clockwork, the others followed suit, stripping off masks and pieces of costume, digging into backpacks for normal clothes so they could scatter without drawing attention. Rachel barely paid them any mind, already calculating the fastest route home and how much time she had left before it got too late.

If she went straight back, no detours, no stopping, she might catch him before he went to sleep.

Rachel didn't know why that mattered, only that it did. She'd asked around the past few days, and the answer she's gotten was weird, but since she had no knowledge on the field, she didn't have any other options. Apparently man liked being hugged as goodnight? It showed care and affection, and the though lingered in her head until she shoved it down.

…Rachel wanted to tell Samuel goodnight.

That realization annoyed her almost as much as the sound of Lisa's voice cutting in.

"You're more impatient than usual," Lisa said lightly as they stepped into the safehouse, eyes flicking over Rachel with that infuriating sharpness that made it feel like she was being peeled open. "You're practically vibrating."

"So?" Rachel grunted, tugging off her gloves and shoving them into her bag.

"Well," Lisa drawled, leaning back against the wall, "normally you'd crash here if it's this late, not sprint for the door like your house is on fire."

"Not your business," Rachel shot back, shooting her a glare that would have made most people back off.

Lisa just hummed, clearly pleased. "Mm. Does this have anything to do with your… unusually good mood this past week?"

Rachel's fingers curled in irritation; she really fucking hates how Tattletale can gleam so much from so little. It was a useful power to have on your side, but the girl also loved using it on them to have the one-up hand in any interaction, even on them.

Most of the time, it had Rachel feeling dumber, so she disliked it when it happened.

"Lisa, leave her alone." Brian's voice cut in, calm but firm, as he dropped onto the couch and scrubbed a hand through his hair now that the mask was off.

Lisa shrugged and turned away, already halfway to her room. "Sure, sure," she said, sing-song, before sticking her head back out. "But this isn't me being nosy, Bitch. This is me being responsible."

Oh that bitch.

Brian glanced up at Rachel at the blonde's words, expression serious. "Will it affect the team?"

"No," Rachel answered immediately, the word solid and certain as it left her mouth. Whatever was going on with Samuel, whatever this weird tightness in her chest was, she couldn't see how it would touch the Undersiders. That part of her life stayed separate.

"Ahem," Lisa added, still hovering in the doorway, "when he asks that, he doesn't mean emotionally. He means whether it'll affect how you perform."

Rachel hesitated, the confidence faltering just enough to annoy her. The team had unspoken rules about not digging into each other's personal lives, and it was one of the reason why the Undersiders worked. As long as it didn't bleed into cape work, no one cared what you did when the mask came off.

"…It shouldn't," she said finally, the words slower this time as her thoughts churned. She didn't even know what this was yet, didn't know what it might turn into, or whether it could come back to bite her later.

Rachel didn't know what it meant that the idiot was talking about buying a dog shelter for her with the same flat seriousness he used for everything else.

The idiot.

Completely, unbelievably stupid.

Her mouth twisted as she finished getting everything out of the bag she had been holding, putting the valuables out without much care, moving because standing still made her think too much.

Super stupid.

"That's not good enough," Brian said immediately, his brow furrowing as he looked her way, tone meaning he wasn't letting it slide.

"It's what you'll get," Rachel snapped back, baring her teeth just enough to make the point clear.

Alec's voice drifted in from the kitchen, casual as ever as a can cracked open. "Damn, what's this? You get a boyfriend or something?"

Her thoughts slammed to a halt, the word bouncing around her head until it made her want to snarl.

Boyfriend?

No. No way. What the hell?

"N—no!" she shot back, heat flaring up her neck as embarrassment tangled with anger, her face twisting as she spoke.

The very idea was stupid. A lover was a stupid concept for people who needed someone else to lean on, people who couldn't stand on their own without clinging to another body. Relationships were for the weak, for people afraid of being alone, people like that slut of a foster mother who grabbed onto whatever man she could.

…Not that she knew much about them, anyway.

She'd had a few flings before, tried it just to see what the fuss was about, but it had always ended the same way: disappointing, it was annoying how the guys turned into little puppies in heat, almost humping at her leg after the act. It disgusted her to see them throw away their own pride just for the chance of getting on with her again, it was pathetic.

And she couldn't picture Samuel acting like that. Not even a little.

…did that make him proper boyfriend material? S-should she try and ask him out, or something?

No, wait, what the fuck is she thinking about?

"You hesitated," Lisa said sharply, incredulous flashing across her face as she turned fully toward Rachel. "Bitch, do you have a boyfriend?!"

That did it.

Rachel didn't bother answering, face burning from the weird embarrassment, she was already moving towards her room, grabbing what she needed with clipped efficiency as she tuned them out, the silence that followed heavy and stunned.

The irritation simmered just under her skin, because of course Lisa sounded shocked, as if it was some miracle Rachel could even attract someone.

Brian recovered first. "Since when—" he started, then stopped himself, shaking his head. "No. That's none of our business. Lisa. Alec. Drop it."

Her tension eased at his words, and Rachel felt some of the heat drain out of her chest. Brian took the rules seriously, and she respected him for it. She gave him a short nod, which he returned without comment.

She gives him a nod of respect, which Brian returns with understanding.

"Yeah, yeah," Alec said, clearly entertained, while Lisa still looked caught halfway between surprise and analysis, her eyes half-lidded as her power churned, yet still attentive. "Still, though. Is it actually a boyfriend, or… something else?" The boy ignored Brian's warning gaze.

Rachel paused at the doorway, her hand resting on the frame as memories surfaced one after another. The first time she'd seen him in the fighting pit, half naked, bleeding and unafraid. The way he'd helped with the dogs without complaint. The meals he cooked without asking for thanks.

The way he never talked down to her, never treated her like she was broken or lesser.

The card he'd given her, humming with power, meant for her safety, because he cared for her.

The way he'd talked about finding space for her dogs as if it were already decided.

That stupid, brazen, handsome smile he gave her after she gifted him that book. A book she spent way too long fretting over like an indecisive worm.

"He isn't," Rachel said finally, her voice steady as she turned back to face them, their attention locked on her.

Then she smiled, because she finally realised what she wanted from Samuel.

"But I'll make him mine."

Rachel can't lie to herself; she finally understood why Lisa liked messing with people so much.

Seeing their flabbergasted faces felt pretty damn good.


She stopped just inside the living room, boots still on, the door barely clicked shut behind her, and for a moment Rachel simply stood there, staring.

Samuel was half-slumped on the lower steps of the staircase, his back against the railing, head tilted to the side, breathing slow and even, a thin blanket draped over his shoulders as if he'd meant to lie down properly and simply… hadn't made it that far.

The realization settled in.

He'd been waiting for her.

The tight knot that formed in her chest wasn't painful, just warm and unfamiliar, something that made her shift her weight and flex her fingers as if she didn't know what to do with it. She took a step toward him, careful despite knowing how ridiculous that was with someone built like him.

The moment her foot touched the floor of the house, his eyes opened.

Not a hint of grogginess, or the expected confusion from waking up suddenly, just awake, alert, to the point Rachel doubted he had been sleeping at all, and when he looked up at her, his mouth curved into a small, easy smile, her chest tightened further with those weird feelings.

"You're back," he said, voice rough but calm.

She swallowed, nodding once, and for a second neither of them moved. Which was stupid, this was her house, why was she hesitance on stepping inside?

With that logic, Rachel made herself at home.

"Hm," Samuel murmured, pushing himself upright and tugging at the blanket as if trying to remember something important. "Pritt told me there was a… procedure for this."

Rachel frowned. "What?"

Pritt. That was the name of his coworker, wasn't it? Samuel doesn't talk much, but then again, neither does she, but they do talk in between meals, so Rachel knows at least this much.

He snapped his fingers once, recalling something, satisfied. "Right. That."

He tossed the blanket aside, and Rachel froze.

Samuel wasn't naked—he was decent—but only barely, wearing an apron over a pair of loose shorts, his bare arms and chest still warm from the kitchen, skin marked with scars she knew better than to stare at and failed at anyway. He straightened his posture, suddenly formal, one hand behind his back as he inclined his head.

"Would you like to eat," he asked evenly, "or shower first?"

He looked absurd. He looked serious. He looked unfair.

Her mouth opened, closed, then opened again as Rachel dragged her eyes back up to his face. "I'm… hungry," she managed, her voice lower than she meant it to be.

"Good," he said simply, already turning toward the kitchen.

As he did, the apron shifted, and her gaze caught on the broad lines of his back, the dark-scarred skin moving with practiced ease, strength worn openly and without shame, and something in her chest gave a sharp, breathless pull.

A sound slipped out of her before she could stop it, exactly like her dogs would.

No, she did not bark!

Samuel didn't notice, thank goodness. He was already opening the oven, heat spilling into the room. "It's still warm," he said. "I kept it—"

No longer capable of holding herself back, Rachel closed the distance in two steps and wrapped her arms around him from behind.

His body went still, surprised at her sudden closure, the warmth of his solid back felt amazing under her hands, her forehead pressed briefly between his shoulder blades.

"Are you doing this on purpose?" she asked, her voice rougher now, more honest than she meant to be.

He blinked, genuinely confused, turning his head just enough to glance back at her. "Doing what?"

Rachel exhaled slowly, the decision settling into place as cleanly as a snapped leash.

Make him hers, right? Then let's get to it.

"Never mind," she said. "Deal with it."

There was a pause, long enough for her to feel his breath steady again.

"…Alright," Samuel replied at last, calm as ever. "I'll take responsibility."

Rachel tightened her arms once, just for a moment, and the kitchen filled with warmth, the oven humming softly, the world narrowing to something quiet and close—

—and the rest could wait until later.

Without thinking, because at this point it became difficult, Rachel grabbed his face between her palms, and made him face her, curiosity shining within his orbs.

His lips are softer than she expected, surprise obvious on his face, yet yielding under the pressure of hers before pushing back with tentative hunger.

When they break the kiss, Samuel's dark eyes gleam with a hunger that makes Rachel's knees tremble beneath her. His lips are still wet from hers, a thin thread of saliva connecting them for a heartbeat before it breaks. "What are you doing?" he asks, voice low, but with a hint of uncertainty.

Rachel's fingers curl into the fabric of his shirt, knuckles white. "I've been holding back," she confesses, the words tumbling out in a rush. "Do you know how fucking hard it's been? Having you here, in my house? Your smell even after you've gone, those broad shoulders filling out every damn t-shirt, and that stupid, stupid promises you keep saying, like it's no big deal?"

Samuel's brow furrows, confusion etched across his features. His mouth opens, but before he can speak, Rachel softly headbutts his chest, silencing him.

Rachel's voice cracks as she whispers, "I want you," her cheeks flushing crimson beneath the dim light. Her eyes dart away, unable to meet his gaze after such a raw confession.

Ugh, just earlier she was talking big game about how those who want a relationship were weak, and here she was, like a little puppy wagging her tail.

From the corner of her eye, she watches as Samuel studies her trembling lips, the pulse visible at her throat. Understanding washes over him— the idiot finally realizing how embarrassing this whole thing was for her. He cradles her face between his palms, his thumbs brushing against her heated skin.

To her delight, he finally surrenders to desire, his mouth claims hers with an expertise that makes her gasp against his lips, all fears of rejection leaving her. His tongue traces the seam of her mouth before delving deeper, tasting her completely. Rachel's knees buckle as electricity shoots down her spine, raising goosebumps across her arms and neck. Her fingers clutch at his shoulders for support as warmth pools between her thighs, her body responding to his touch in ways she never imagined possible.

His hands were on her hips, firmly holding her in place with a domineering instinct that had her almost humping at his side. Samuel's touch was light, fingers tracing the curve of her waist, and where it passed, her skin ignited.

W-what is this? She'd been touched before, hell, she played with herself before, but not like this, this deliberate, devastating level of attention.

Rachel's chest heaved as their lips finally parted, her breath coming in ragged pants. A soft, whiny whimper slipped from her throat—something raw and needy that she would never in a million fucking years recognise as her.

Samuel's deep chuckle rumbled through her, low and vibrating, making her pussy clench with fresh heat.

They tumbled onto the new sofa bed, the mattress dipping under their weight. Good purchase, Rachel thought fleetingly, her mind hazy with desire as Samuel's body pressed against hers. His hands roamed, tugging at the hem of her shirt, pulling it up and over her head. Trying to match his rhythm, she fumbled with the apron he was wearing.

Unfortunately, all she got was his shorts by the time he unclasped her bra, her skin bare to his eyes.

Samuel's gaze locked onto her large breasts, heavy and full, nipples already harder than they ever had been in her life, a result of his earlier touches. All her life, Rachel had hated them, convinced they were too big, too cumbersome for anything but annoyance. But now, under his hungry stare, a thrill shot through her. She arched slightly, offering them up to his hungry gaze, delight blooming in her core at how he devoured the sight.

A part of her realised what this was; she's seen it in dogs before, a bitch in heat serving her body for the strongest stud around. She never put too much thought into it, it was just nature after all, a thing that dogs did.

Apparently, humans did too.

And Rachel was the Bitch.

His large hands cupped them, thumbs circling the undersides before squeezing firmly. He massaged the soft flesh, kneading with expert pressure that sent electric jolts straight to her clit. Rachel gasped, her back bowing as he pinched her nipples between his fingers, rolling them roughly. A sharp spike of pleasure made her squirm beneath him, thighs rubbing together to ease the ache building in her pussy.

"W-wait!" she stammered, the word half-formed, but Samuel didn't stop. He lowered his head, lips brushing the swell of one breast before his mouth latched onto her nipple. He sucked hard, tongue flicking the sensitive bud, drawing a deep moan from her lips. Then his teeth grazed it—light at first, a teasing nip that made her core shudder.

It wasn't enough, she was so close!

"H-harder!" Rachel begged, her hands flying to his head, fingers tangling in his short curls as she pulled him closer, burying his face in her bosom.

Samuel obliged, biting down with more force, teeth sinking into the tender flesh around her nipple. The pain mingled with ecstasy, pushing her over the edge. Rachel's body seized, her pussy contracting wildly as the orgasm ripped through her.

Waves of bliss crashed, stronger than anything she'd felt—far beyond the mechanical releases from her vibrator on lonely nights when she just wanted to let some steam off. She cried out, dazed, her mind reeling.

Never had her flings even come close to this level of pleasure, hell they barely managed to make her cum properly.

Is this what it's supposed to be? Stars burst behind her eyelids, her juices soaking her inner thighs.

"I need you," she breathed, voice trembling as the aftershocks faded. "I need you in me." Her hands clawed at his shoulders, desperate to feel his cock stretching her, the heat of it pressing against her legs, but all it did was send more twitches up her spine.

"Not yet," Samuel whispered, his breath hot against her ear, sending shivers down her spine. "This is about you, Rachel. Enjoy every bit of it."

He trailed kisses down her body—over her collarbone, between her breasts, across her stomach—his lips soft yet commanding. Rachel's skin tingled in his wake, her body hypersensitive to every touch, completely submitting itself to him.

When Samuel reached her thighs, he parted them firmly, fingers digging into her flesh that had her core heating once more, settling between her legs. His eyes met hers for a moment, and she could barely make out what was held in them before he dipped his head.

Samuel started slow, his tongue lapping at her lower lip, tracing the slick folds with deliberate strokes. He sucked one lip into his mouth, then the other, teasing the sensitive edges until Rachel's hips bucked. She moaned, fingers gripping the sheets as pleasure built steadily.

How? How did this bastard know exactly how to work her? His expertise was evident in every flick and swirl.

Then he shifted, his tongue finding her clit—swollen and throbbing. He circled it lightly at first, building the pressure, before flattening his tongue to lap firmly.

"Aaah~!" Rachel couldn't hold the moan down, finger clasping at the bed.

A moment later, one thick finger slid into her pussy, curling upward to press against her g-spot, for a moment her vision turned white.

This… she blinked, the pleasure fading as Samuel dialled down his ministrations.

Did she just black out with an orgasm?

What the fuck?

Slowly, breathing ragged, Rachel looked down at Samuel, who was watching her intently.

They made eye contact, and as if by a signal to see if she was still alert, he continued, stroking the spot in rhythm with his tongue, rubbing the rough patch inside her while sucking her clit between his lips.

Rachel's world narrowed to the sensations: the wet heat of his mouth, the insistent rub of his finger, the coil tightening deep in her belly. She gasped, moans turning to cries, her voice echoing off the walls. She couldn't hold it back—her body thrashed, thighs clamping around his head as another orgasm hit harder than the last.

Spoiler: Rachel (18+)

It exploded through her, pussy clenching around his finger, and to her horror, a sharp gush of fluid squirted out, soaking his chin and the sheets beneath her.

Samuel looked pleased at the outcome, tongue lapping at his lips and tasting her in full.

Embarrassment flooded her cheeks as she came down, panting. She threw an arm over her face, hiding. "Don't... don't look at me."

The shame hit her hard. How come she's being played like a fucking instrument so easily? Being brought down low so quickly as well, she would never be able to live this down.

Samuel lifted his head, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, his expression soft and adoring. "You're beautiful," he said, voice husky with sincerity.

At his words, at the sheer seriousness that always accompanied whatever he spoke, her heart strummed high, the weird tightness in her chest back again, yet it didn't feel bad.

"R-really?" Rachel peeked from under her arm.

Samuel nodded, crawling up to kiss her forehead, and she couldn't help it, falling further into his grasp with a content wave of warmth. "Yes. Rachel, you are stunning ."

His words melted her shame, replacing it with a warm delight that spread through her chest. A fierce need ignited—to touch him, to please him, to give him everything.

How fucking pathetic, she scorned those who threw themselves at her after a night together, and here she was, ready to give anything Samuel wanted; he just had to say the word.

Somehow, Rachel didn't feel scared about it.

Is this what lovers feel?

Rachel then belatedly realizes that while she's been having mind-breaking experiences, the idiot was still in his underwear, even if the tent he pitched was obvious.

She swallowed. D-did she do this to him? Where did she go from here? All her other experiences had been a pump and dump!

Okay, okay, she had to go on the initiative here!

"My turn," Rachel spoke determinedly, legs shaking and barely responding, but finding enough strength to push him and guide him onto his back against the sofa bed.

"Oh?" Samuel gave her a smile, once again sending flutters down her stomach, "Then go ahead," he said in amusement.

This bastard, she glared at him, before, in one full motion, taking his underwear down.

Plat!

…she might have bitten more than she could chew.

"W-what, is-?" It was large, larger than any other Rachel saw, and larger than the toys she used. His cock had sprung free, standing rigid and imposing—ten inches of thick, dark meat smacking her in the face, making her eyes widen.

The shape was unusual, almost grotesque in its pronounced ridges and bulbous head, designed with surgical precision to hit every sensitive spot inside a woman. Yet, something about it drew her in, primal and magnetic. Rachel's pussy clenched emptily, a fresh wave of wetness leaking out as she stared, imagining it buried deep, stretching her walls.

It was also hot, scorching hot, that seemed to give off heat like a fireplace, somehow incredibly comfortable.

Leaning closer, she inhaled deeply, and his musk hit her like a drug— potent and absolutely intoxicating. Her clit throbbed, and a small spasm rocked her core.

N-no way.

Did I just cum from smelling him? The thought shocked her, but she couldn't deny the slick heat pooling between her thighs.

"C'mon, wasn't it your turn?" He teased her and gave a small laugh at the glare she sent his way.

Looking back down at the beast before her, she swallowed before false bravado pushed her forward.

Rachel's fingers wrapped around Samuel's shaft—or tried to, her hand too small to encircle its girth fully. She stroked him tentatively, feeling the heat pulsing through the veined length, but the need to taste him overpowered her hesitation.

She parted her lips, trying to take him into her mouth, but the sheer size blocked her. The head alone stretched her jaw uncomfortably; there was no way she'd get more than a few inches down her throat.

Samuel's hand rested on her head, the feeling like he had a leash around her throat and she loved it, his voice a low rumble. "Easy, Rachel. Start with the head—suck it, swirl your tongue around the tip."

She followed, lips sealing around the flared crown, sucking with hollowed cheeks while her tongue lapped at the slit, tasting the salty pre-cum beading there.

"Now the underside," he instructed, thumb tracing her cheek. "Lick along the vein, nice and slow." She obeyed, dragging her tongue from base to tip along the thick ridge beneath, feeling it twitch against her mouth.

Samuel let off a grunt of pleasure, and Rachel finally understood why some women seemed to enjoy sucking dick. The sight of Samuel's face twisting in pleasure, the fact that it was pleasure that she was giving him, had her feeling amazing.

This bitch was pleasuring her stud.

Still…

A flicker of annoyance sparked in her chest—how many other women had he taught like this? The thought fueled her, making her redouble her efforts. She bobbed deeper, gagging slightly as the head bumped her throat, her hand pumping the base she couldn't reach. Saliva dripped down his shaft, mixing with her eager licks.

And yet from the way his grip tightened on her hair, a thrill shot through her as his face scrunched in pleasure.

Yeah, fucker, this is what you need, she's all you need.

Samuel's fingers tightened in her hair, pulling her head back just enough for her half-lidded eyes to meet his, her mouth desperately trying to suck the cock just out of her reach.

He smirked, that smoldering gaze pinning her. "Everything," Samuel commanded, voice rough with need. Then he guided her lower, pressing her face to his heavy balls.

Bastard was all she could think of before it hit her. The scent was even stronger there, just like she loved it, musky and overwhelming, and as her nose brushed the wrinkled skin, another unrelenting orgasm crashed through her.

Her pussy spasmed, juices trickling down her legs, her moan muffled against him.

After a moment of getting her mind back in order again, Rachel lapped at his balls enthusiastically, tongue bathing the sac, sucking one into her mouth gently before switching to the other. She savored the salty tang, the way they drew up tight under her attention, her own arousal spiking with every inhale.

She loved how he groaned in pleasure.

Rachel wanted to make him feel even more.

"I'm cumming," Samuel warned with a grunt, his hips bucking slightly. Rachel pulled back to the tip in an instant, mouth locking around the head as she sucked hard, tongue pressing against the underside.

Give it to her, give everything!

The first rope hit her throat like liquid fire—hot, thick semen flooding her mouth. She swallowed greedily, the taste unlike anything before: creamy, slightly bitter, but addictively rich, the best thing she'd ever swallowed.

Rachel craved more, humming around him as spurt after spurt pumped out, his cock jerking with each release, the pumping motion somehow massaging her throat. This crazy idiot, since when does sucking dick feel so good?!

Spoiler: Rachel (18+)

It went on forever, rope after heavy rope, until she choked, cum spilling from the corners of her lips, dribbling down her chin. She kept sucking, milking him dry, her throat working overtime.

This guy, what the hell, was he a hose?

"Good girl," Samuel whispered after his orgasm subsided, his voice laced with satisfaction as he stroked her hair.

The praise sent a jolt straight to her clit; she teetered on the edge of another climax, her body trembling. Pulling off with a gasp, she wiped her mouth, eyes dropping to his cock—still rock-hard, glistening with her spit and remnants of his load, ready for more.

Without much preamble, he dragged it by the base and smacked the wet piece of meat into her face.

Spoiler: Rachel (18+)

Rachel came undone once more, her tights clenching on nothing as her body shuddered in ecstasy.

…she would never be able to go back, would she?

Looking at the still rigid rod, the answer was obvious.

The other guys could barely manage one round, she thought, glancing up at his intense face. Heat flushed her skin, a mix of exhaustion and lingering desire. Is he going to devour me? The idea made her pussy ache, visions of him pounding into her flashing through her mind.

But Samuel's expression suddenly softened. "This is enough for tonight." He reached down, pulling her up onto his lap with effortless strength, her body melding against his chest.

"Huh?" Rachel blinked, confused, her gaze flicking to his erection pressing against her thigh, the hell is he talking about? He was still raring to go! She'd braced for bed-shattering sex, something to curl her toes and shatter her world.

"Rachel, you can barely move," Samuel pointed out, his arms wrapping around her waist.

She shifted, realizing the truth—her legs felt like jelly, drained from the adrenaline of the heist earlier that day and the multiple, body-shaking orgasms he'd wrung from her. Every muscle quivered with fatigue; she couldn't even imagine taking that massive cock inside her now that he pointed out.

"B-but you're still..." she protested weakly, frowning as her eyes lingered on his hardness, not only fantasizing about the stretch, the ridges dragging against her g-spot, the pleasure that would surely eclipse everything before, but also at the fact that going to sleep with that sure wouldn't feel good.

"It'll go away on its own," Samuel murmured, drawing her closer. His warmth enveloped her, strong arms cradling her like she was precious.

"You've been a good girl," he whispered into her ear, his hand patting her head in slow, soothing strokes.

Delight bloomed in her chest despite her exhaustion, a soft whimper escaping as her eyes fluttered shut. Even as she fought the pull of sleep, the praise wrapped around her like a blanket, lulling her into his embrace.



AN: I PROMISED A RACHEL LEWD, AND SO A RACHEL LEWD HAS BEEN GIVEN!

In all honesty, one of the first times I ever wrote such a big smut section, specially from the side of the girl, so tell me how it looks like folks. Also, if the characters seem out of character, I would also appreciate it.

While Rachel here looks too passive on the bed with a partner, keep in mind that Samuel has, like, a shit ton of Sexual skills and powers to back up on any given action. He is as close to a living sex god as one can be.

Next up will be a quick fallout, before finally we go back to the actual criminal elements of this fic (It only took 50k words, holy shit)

Also-

HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE!
Last edited: Jul 18, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, EvilSmirk, Reishin Amara and 1,380 others
PassingBy
Jan 3, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 9: Finally, we're back into action
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Jan 15, 2026
Add bookmark
#336
POV: Samuel Rodrigues

The sun hadn't yet risen.

The backyard lay quiet under the pale blue of early morning, frost clinging to the grass and the wooden fence, the dogs sprawled into a pile inside the various dog houses sprawled around the yard.

Rachel apparently had the dog houses built with indoor heating for the dogs that couldn't handle the cold.

My breath fogged in front of me with every exhale, the cold biting at my skin, but I ignored it as I moved through the steps that All Eradication Fist fed directly into my mind.

This body had changed again.

Apparently, it was a side effect of my compatibility with Samuel Rodrigues, a Brazilian from another world, similar enough to me that I gained more than I should have. One of those benefits was this strength, something my old self never achieved in his life, a power that settled into my bones and muscles as if it had always belonged there.

It made me curious about whether he was just another version of me, shaped by different yet familiar circumstances, but I didn't linger on the thought. Digging too deep into that kind of question rarely led anywhere useful.

I was me, and he was him; it started and ended there.

Well, at least Bob thought we were similar enough to give me his last name.

I… didn't really dislike it.

I'd never had a last name before, so it wasn't something I'd ever spent time thinking about, but now that it was there, it felt oddly natural.

Rodrigues, huh?

I rolled my shoulders and shifted my stance, bare feet digging into the cold grass, and with a grunt, I twisted at the waist and punched forward with a burst of precise power. Fire bloomed from my fists in a sharp flare, the energy coiling in my stomach surging through my limbs as I directed it outward with intent.

Flamethrower was very easy to utilise.

Between Eradication Fist and Novice Conceptualization, the energy of fire responded instinctually, a normal hose of flames being capable of a lot more through these specific manipulations.

Shaping it into something precise was still difficult, but controlling the intensity of the flames had become second nature, and expelling them from any part of my body felt as simple as breathing.

I'd also learned that I was resistant to my own flames.

The word here is resistant, not immune.

If I pushed too hard or let the fire surge too violently, burns still happened; the stronger the flames, the deeper it would burn. The worst damage so far had gone all the way to the bone, though that had healed quickly enough, a quick beer being more than sufficient for whatever Oni physiology I had to patch most of it up.

I pulled the flames back, watching as a thin layer of fire clung to my arm, licking over my skin without biting. The heat was there, and as long as I kept the intensity low, it wouldn't hurt me.

I breathed out slowly, and the flames died.

This time, my movements weren't rigid.

They slowed, flowing into one another as Eradication Fist whispered guidance at the back of my mind, nudging me toward better angles, better transitions, better ways to let force travel through my body instead of forcing it to move.

I settled into a stance, hands loose but controlled, fingers together and palms open. One arm cut forward in a clean arc, as if slashing through an unseen opponent.

The morning moisture reacted instantly.

The frost-damp grass beneath my feet dried as water lifted into the air, following the path of my movement, thin streams and droplets bending to my motion as if caught in an invisible current.

Water Bending was an annoying ability.

Mostly because I didn't produce water myself and had to rely entirely on whatever was already present, which meant it was useless in dry conditions and unpredictable even when it worked. On top of that, it felt predisposed to a rigid set of motions I didn't fully understand, movements that didn't come naturally to me, no matter how many times I repeated them.

The skill had implanted some basic knowledge, enough to create large waves or snap a crude whip of water, but beyond that, there was very little depth. I knew how to train it properly, knew the theory behind building a stronger connection with the element for stronger uses, but doing so would take years, stumbling through movements and incremental improvements just to bring it up to a level that I would be satisfied to fight with.

Thankfully, Eradication Fist seemed to know exactly how to bridge that gap.

Apparently, I could use this ability to turn water into ice as well, or at least that was what Eradication Fist strongly recommended, guiding my movements as if I were launching spikes of frozen water instead of liquid streams. In hindsight, it was obvious that manipulating water would naturally branch into ice, but without my strongest ability nudging me in that direction, I would have remained completely blind to it for a long time, not questioning the limits I'd assumed were already there.

Is this what it's like to have a teacher?

I'd always had to learn how to fight on my own, piecing things together through trial and error, so the idea had never really occurred to me, but now, as my body shifted and adjusted according to what the ability suggested, visible progress following each correction, I started to understand the appeal.

It was good to know that there existed a path forward, even if one hadn't seen it.

I twisted again, letting the motion carry through my shoulders and down my arm, water stretching outward and slicing through the air with enough pressure to form a blade. Leaves drifting lazily around the yard were caught in its path, split cleanly in two before they even hit the ground, the halves fluttering down separately as the water dispersed.

Good enough for now.

A grunt escaped me as the water fell back into the grass, soaking the dirt at my feet, though I stayed in position, muscles tense and ready, letting the moment settle before moving on.

Without any fanfare, a sword appeared in my hand.

An unbreakable sword.

It was easily one of my favorite things I'd ever pulled from the Gacha.

I didn't know much about swords in any formal sense, but I missed the feeling of a weapon in my grip, the familiar reassurance of solid metal resting in my hand. Most of the time, when I was younger, that weapon had been nothing more than a lead pipe scavenged from somewhere, but the sensation was close enough that it stirred something nostalgic all the same.

The blade was massive, nearly two meters long, with a weight that would have exhausted most men who swung it in minutes. It fit on my hand perfectly. I swung it once, experimentally, and found I could handle it easily with just one arm.

The other Samuel Rodrigues must have been exceptional.

At fifteen, this body of mine affected by his own had already surpassed the peak of my old self without much effort, and judging by the instincts that came with it, his skill with the sword had been just as absurd.

All Eradication Fist helped, in its own way, offering guidance born from experience with fighting against weapons, but that was only a side effect of its broader mastery. It didn't carry actual weapon-based martial arts, no structured styles meant for blades or spears.

Rodrigues, on the other hand, was a fountain of knowledge when it came to the sword.

Shadow Style wasn't meant to be used with something like this, I could tell as soon as I settled into a stance, the balance and angles slightly off, the technique protesting in subtle ways. At the same time, the instincts left behind by the other Samuel didn't seem to care, a vague impression of the man shrugging somewhere in the back of my mind, accompanied by a clear sentiment.

Fuck it, we ball.

I grinned.

Yeah, we really were similar.

And then I slashed.


Training in the early morning had become routine at this point, not out of discipline for its own sake but out of necessity, a way to make sure my powers would answer without hesitation if a fight ever broke out.

Train the way you intend to fight, reach a point where what you practiced no longer needs thought, only instinct.

I had seen more people than I cared to remember die because they fumbled, hesitated, or forgot a tool they were carrying until it was too late, and I had no intention of joining them.

After a few solid hours of movement, repetition, and ingraining everything into muscle memory, I finally stepped back inside, took a shower, and let the steam bleed the cold from my bones before starting on breakfast.

Hmm. What should I do today?

There was still some vanilla extract left from the other day.

I pulled the cookbook down with an unconscious smile, careful as I flipped through the pages, making sure not to crease the spine or dog-ear anything, the habit already ingrained despite how new the book still was.

Ah. Fluffy pancakes sounded good.

There was something satisfying about the process, not entirely different from training earlier, as I went through the motions of gathering ingredients, measuring them out, and following the steps laid out on the page.

Did that make chefs fighters in their own way?

A thought for later. Right now, I had another problem to deal with.

The deluge of messages from last night that I ignored for training.



[FEAT: Give a VERY effective cunnilingus to [Rachel Lindt]

1x Advantage Skill Silver Gacha Ticket]


[FEAT: Receive a Fellatio from [Rachel Lindt]

1x Random Silver Gacha Ticket]


[FEAT: Be responsible for [Rachel Lindt] gaining a [Minor Flaw: Slight Addiction to Sex with Samuel Rodriguez]

1x Advantage Gold Gacha Ticket]

​


Yeah. Last night was… something else.

I wasn't entirely sure what the correct response was supposed to be afterward. Most of my experiences after a night together were just giving the woman money or sending her away after a night of drinking, nothing that lingered into the next morning.

There was also a feeling within me, an annoying sensation that made me irritated yet also light? I guess I was upset about the fact that I had made it difficult for Rachel to live near me, but at the same time, there was also this sense of… goodness?

Whatever.

The main takeaway was simple enough: Rachel needed a good fuck, which I honestly should have seen it coming. In my former teenage years, if a girl lived in constant closeness with me, I would have definitely needed to vent as well. I'm surprised she lasted two whole weeks.

At the very least, with all my skills working together, I was confident I had delivered the best experience she could have asked for.

…Possibly too well, if the Gacha notifications were anything to go by.

I wasn't entirely sure what to do now, but Rachel remained my friend, and if she needed anything, I would more than willing to give it to her. I remember Friends with Benefits being a thing in my old life, which I guess, in the context, would be friends that just fuck each other without getting together.

Hmm, now that's a question, where are we together? Would I even dislike it if we were?

Nah, I guess Rachel would be just the kind of partner I would want.

Well, this all depends on her in the end. Rachel was my first friend, and as long as that remained true, I didn't really mind what our relationship would be.

Not that I didn't mind helping her with what she needed. It was enjoyable, undeniably so, and something about this world seemed to amplify pleasure to absurd degrees. It had been one of the best blowjobs I'd ever had, even accounting for Rachel's inexperience.

Ah. Right. There was also this.


[FEAT: Hold back the Oni

1x Random Gold Gacha Ticket]
​
That notification had come in the moment I realized we needed to stop, that if I didn't, she would actually collapse. The real problem was that my instincts had been screaming at me to keep going, to take the exhausted Rachel, bend her over the bed, and breed her for all she was worth.

I told my instincts to shut the fuck up, and so they did.

Right, let's see what you have for me, Gacha.

Get rid of the Silver's first, and toggle on the Gambler as well. I'm feeling lucky.

14! = Change Ticket Type

[Ticket has changed from Random to Ability.]


[Tail]

|Common Ability|

Allows you to grow a strong tail on your body that you can manipulate with dexterity.
​
Hmm. This is actually an interesting pull.

A prehensile tail might as well be an extra limb in a fight, and while "strong" probably only refers to baseline human limits, I can't help but wonder if it scales when I transform into an Oni. If it does, that opens up a lot of possibilities, both offensively and for mobility.

Now that would be cool.

Thank you, Gambler.

One more.​

10! No changes to the Ticket

[Nothing Happens]

​
Gambler, I trusted you.​

[Poseidons Kiss]

|Uncommon Trait|

You are blessed by the god of the seas Poseidon, you breathe and move underwater as naturally as you would above water, in addition, all mundane aquatic life is friendly to you.
​

Ah. Nice. No more drowning for me, at least.

The wording catches my attention, though. It specifies mundane aquatic life, which implies that without that limitation, it might have applied to everything in the water.

It's a funny thought, imagining Leviathan suddenly being friendly toward me and watching the entire world collectively lose its mind.

Advantage Silver Skill Ticket next. Let's roll that.​

17! Advantage!

[Gain another choice upon rolling.]



​
That's what I'm talking about, Gambler!​

[Intermediate Hand-to-Hand Combat]

|Uncommon Skill|

You are a seasoned fighter, you know how to move your body to hurt people and can pick up most martial arts far faster than other people. You would completely thrash the average man in a fight.




Or




[Karate]

|Uncommon Skill|

You are an apprentice in Karate, A Japanese martial art specializing in powerful strikes, strong stances, and precise technique. With direct, forceful movements using punches, kicks, knee strikes, and blocks to generate maximum impact. Practitioners develop explosive power, speed, and efficiency, making Karate a well-rounded combat skill for both offence and defence. With sufficient mastery, you can enhance your strikes with your internal energy




Or




[Intermediate Leadership]

|Uncommon Skill|

You are a leader, you know how to motivate, take charge of and lead people with decent effectiveness, instilling confidence into them and making them do what you want them to do. You are an effective leader.
​
…Damn. Gambler actually saved me here.

Both Hand-to-Hand and Karate are completely redundant for me at this point, overshadowed by Eradication Fist and everything layered on top of it.

Leadership, on the other hand? That's something I've never had.

I was never in charge of anything in my past life, so my experience with that shit was a big fat zero. The bosses would never allow me to have any subordinates of my own, too afraid that I would create my own faction in their little fiefdoms.

Yeah. I'll take that.

The pain that came with internalizing the skill was noticeably milder than when this all started, my mind apparently getting used to having literal years of knowledge compressed and forced into place.

Also, I apologise, Leaders, I was not familiar with your game.

I knew leadership was demanding, but this was something else entirely. I feel like I can articulate my words better. I found myself retroactively gauging people from my memories, just reading what their goal is and how to frame my words to make them take my side, to agree to my words, to follow in my steps.

I knew how to sound authoritative without being overbearing, how to take control of a situation without forcing it, how to project confidence even when things were uncertain.

Okay, fun fact, about half of all that knowledge seemed to originate from 'Fake it until you make it.'

There were logistics mixed in as well, planning, delegation, and foresight, but that came with the territory.

All in all, a solid skill.

Even if I didn't think I'd be using it anytime soon.

Give me the random Gold now.​

12! No changes to the Ticket

[Nothing Happens]



[Skin Care Hot Springs]

|Rare Item|

Grants you ownership of your own hot spring onsen, the onsen is fully functional and magically maintains itself without your input, when taken out of storage the onsen places itself in an appropriate position in your current city with proper paperwork and its own history in the world, people will not find the existence of the hot spring popping into existence strange.
​
I freeze with the whisk still half-submerged in the batter.

What.

The.

Fuck.

For a moment, I just stare at the air in front of me, my thoughts stalling as the implications refuse to slot neatly into place.

…I-

The Gacha can just straight up give me buildings?

I'm the owner of a Hot Spring. This, this thing just straight up popped into existence, in one of the quieter roads of the Boardwalk, a building slightly hidden but still very much visible.

How do I know this?

Because I remember it, or rather, I possess the knowledge of having gone there, of having acquired it legally, of signing contracts I have no memory of physically touching, all of it finalized and filed, the ownership transferred cleanly and without question.

I know everything about the Hot Springs itself – Wisteria Forest – a complete picture of the place forming in my head as the information settles in all at once, its layout, its size, the services it offers, the products sold on-site, the number of employees who, according to reality itself, have always worked there.

Then the numbers come.

I almost sit down before I consciously decide to lock all my joints to refrain from any collapse.

Wisteria Forest pulls in roughly twenty thousand dollars a day.

Of course, with all the expenses taken into account, such as the utilities, maintenance of the place, the products & consumables, the marketing, and my staff wages – which is still weird - that's about 25% of all the revenue in the upkeep alone.

Except! – This place doesn't need maintenance, it just magically takes care of itself, so all the water, lighting, heating, and paying for more people take care of the Hot Springs, don't need to be paid at all.

Which means that my annual revenue?

It's about four fucking million dollars; I make eleven thousand dollars a day!

I can feel my body relaxing, dazed as the number flashed across my mind. Thankfully, my body remains solid as the joints hold firmly.

Yup, this is-

No, seriously, the Gacha can give me buildings? Not only that, but retroactively make it so they always existed.

…no, I guess that's on me for being surprised. Bob was, after all, capable of just sending me through the multiverse and connecting me to the Gacha; of course he would have enough power to do something as trivial as this.

Well, trivia to him, very much a big deal to me.

I had never been very good with money, but in the last few weeks, I have been working a legal job and refraining from taking whatever I wanted. I became very aware of just how much money is important for the normal day-to-day lives of the average person, and how much effort it takes to stay afloat.

The irony isn't lost on me that the moment I begin to respect money, the Gacha hands me something that renders it largely irrelevant. I could quit my job at the bar tomorrow, live lavishly for the rest of my life, and never come close to running dry.

I don't plan to.

I'm the owner of an Onsen, so what? I chose to work at the Bar and that's exactly what I'll do until I decide to do something else.

Still, this changes things.

A lot of things.

Buying a shelter for Rachel, giving her a place where she can work with her dogs without fear or compromise, that plan just became far more achievable than it ever was on a barista's salary.

…Alright.

Next Gold.

And I'm turning Gambler off for now.​

[Jigglypuff]

|Uncommon Familiar|

Pokemon - An incredibly cute furry creature, Jiggly is a talented actor and singer, its real power lies in its ability to sing lullabies and songs that can put whoever hears them to sleep, it can also throw strong sonar attacks at enemies. The stronger a target is in relation to Jigglypuff the less they are affected. Install Card modification: User of this card will gain the Master/Shaker/Blaster power set of Jigglypuff's music.

​
More familiars.

I really should start handing these out at some point, because I'm accumulating them far faster than I can reasonably give them away.

Then again, that would require people I trust enough to hand that kind of power to, and my list there is… short.

Eh, I'll deal with this when I actually cross that bridge.

Right. I still have an Advantage Gold.​
​
[Power Charge]

|Rare Ability|

Allows you to charge your body with energy, adding increased power to your next move, charge your fist to release more energy with your punch or charge your legs to leap over buildings. The more energy you charge the stronger the result is.




Or


[Possessing Spirit]

|Rare Skill|

Kengan Ashura - Otherwise referred to as "Advance" allows one to speed up their heartbeat and blood flow to massively increase their performance, but can cause difficulty in controlling one's Bloodlust, which can be trained. First Gear increases one's physical performance and makes it harder to control themselves. Second Gear further increases physical performance, but induces bloodlust in the user and lowers their self-control. Third Gear increases their heartbeat and blood flow to inhuman levels, making one appear to be almost possessed by a demon, massively amplifying their physical performance and their bloodlust while suppressing their sense of pain, but it is likely to cause permanent damage without intervention. The drawbacks of this technique are that it can damage the user's heart, veins, and other organs due to the immense strain placed on them and the inhuman blood flow.
​
Hmm, now, Power Charge sounds very useful, it is practical, clean, controllable, the kind of ability that slots neatly into an existing toolkit and scales well with everything else I have.

…

Give me that Possessing Spirit! I can literally feel my Oni side howling.

The reaction is visceral, something deep in my bones stirring with approval, instinct recognizing instinct, telling me that this technique was never meant for humans in the first place and merely borrowed by them out of desperation.

Sure, Advance was probably designed only for peak human bodies, meant to push flesh to its absolute limit in fights where fractions of a second decided everything, within the realism of what human can accomplish.

But an Oni?

An Oni using this?

The thought alone sends a low thrill through my chest, the animal part of me already imagining the blood surging faster, harder, stronger, the body demanding violence as a release valve.

The knowledge floods in, sharp and heavy, and I pause mid-motion while pouring batter into the pan, fingers tightening as the familiar pressure of implanted experience settles into my skull, the pain flaring briefly before fading into comprehension.

It's dangerous.

It's reckless.

It's fucking perfect.

And no, I'm not worried about losing myself to bloodlust.

If anything, I welcome the challenge of my bloodlust trying to claw itself against me. I decide what I want to do, I decide if I wish to spill blood or not.

The Oni can try and fight against me.

It will fail.

Alright, now is the highlight of the moment, the Platinum gained by getting the attention of the Shaper, who I still don't really know who it is.

Well, the Narrative did its best on explaining how it was the source of Amelia's power, but I honestly tuned it out after it started talking about how it was a simple piece of a greater being, since none of it felt immediately actionable.

Now, roll that platinum, Gambler help me out.​
​
17! Ticket gains Advantage!
​
That's what I'm talking about Gambler!​

[Shapeshifting]

|Elite Ability|

Allows you to freely morph and change your body as long as it does not break the conservation of mass or altering genetics. You are immune to getting damaged by your own shapeshifting as the ability passively makes adjustments to make sure you survive your shapeshifting.




Or




[Expert Management]

|Elite Skill|

You have become an expert in the art of management. Whether it is managing finances, people, assets, distributing tasks or managing your own attention and problems you can do so with brutal efficiency and expertise. You can easily run a multi-national company or a nation.

​
I stare at the choices longer than usual.

Expert Management makes sense, especially after being handed an entire business out of thin air. Even if Wisteria Forest practically runs itself, knowing how to manage people, money, and systems at that level would remove future problems before they ever had the chance to form.

But Shapeshifting—

God.

The sheer number of missions in my old world where changing my face would have solved everything floods back into my mind, operations where a different body would have meant clean entry, clean exit, no mess, no witnesses. It was the perfect tool for assassination, infiltration, and survival in hostile territory.

Driven by my old instincts of delivering the mission to the best of my ability, of how much easier thing become when you can simply move through obstacles instead of working around them.

Then I stop.

I don't need that anymore.

If I ever end up in a situation where stealth fails, I don't need to become someone else to survive it, I can just kill whoever's in my way. Right now, I'm stronger than I ever was in my old life, and pretending otherwise is just indulging an old habit.

With that choice made, I take Expert Management.

The pain hits harder than most, close to what Waterbending did, but it passes quicker than I expect, perhaps because I already have a foundation with numbers and logistics, or perhaps because my mind is simply getting better at absorbing these kinds of things.

When it's done, I'm left with a sprawling web of knowledge, everything from personnel dynamics to large-scale logistics mapped cleanly in my head. With this kind of understanding, I can see problems forming long before anyone else notices them.

Compared to my old self, I truly have changed dramatically.

Up until now, I hadn't put much stock in the Gacha beyond how it made me better at fighting, with the exception of the occasional absurd or horny pull that existed purely to be annoying. Everything felt like another tool to sharpen lethality, just another extra utility to ensure I'd always come out on top in a fight.

After all, I only see the extra abilities as just that, extra things for me to use.

I never needed them.

Even without all of this, I know I would still be the strongest.

But this?

This isn't about strength in a way I'm used to measuring.

Or maybe it is, just a kind I never learned to value.

For some reason, that thought makes me smile.

The sound of footsteps drew my attention away from the stove, and I glanced up just in time to see movement at the top of the stairs. Rachel, apparently awake far earlier than I expected. That alone made me frown slightly, especially considering how late we'd gone to sleep and what we'd spent the night doing.

A quick look at the clock confirmed it—just past seven.

Why was she up already?

She'd gotten home late, exhausted, and if anyone deserved to sleep in, it was her. I focused back on the pan, careful not to scorch the pancakes, but I could easily hear her presence as she went to the shower.

Oh, maybe waking up with their night's results wasn't the best. It didn't take her long to finish, before I felt her presence on the stairs again.

She stopped halfway down the steps, lingering there, watching me in silence.

"Good morning," I said eventually, turning just enough to glance over my shoulder, a small smile slipping out when I took in her dishevelled state.

Spoiler: Rachel Lindt (Waking Up)

She'd clearly thrown on clothes before coming down, though one of the straps had slipped loose, hanging off her shoulder. I didn't bother looking away—after last night, modesty felt a little pointless.

She noticed my gaze and hastily fixed it anyway, cheeks coloring as she did.

…Cute.

Still, the way she was looking at me felt off.

"…Morning," she said, and was it just me or did she sound almost sulky, lips pressed together in something her resting bitch face could generously call a pout.

"Breakfast will be ready in a minute," I said, deciding that if she had an issue, she'd tell me directly. Rachel wasn't the type to dance around problems.

She grunted in acknowledgment and moved the rest of the way down, dropping into one of the chairs at the table and resting her arms against it while she waited.

I went back to cooking, the kitchen quiet except for the soft sizzle of batter.

"You weren't there," Rachel said after a moment.

I paused mid-flip, turning my head toward her. She wasn't looking at me, eyes fixed stubbornly on the tabletop, her face flushed and her brow faintly furrowed, though that part was fairly standard for her.

"Hm?" I prompted.

"In bed," she clarified, her voice tightening as the redness deepened. "You weren't there when I woke up."

Ah.

So that was it.

I'd heard somewhere that waking up next to someone was important, that it mattered, but I didn't need much sleep and the idea of lying there for hours waiting for her to wake up hadn't seemed productive.

"I got up to train," I said, turning back to the stove and carefully flipping another pancake. "Next time, I'll make sure to get back in bed."

There was a pause, the quiet stretching, broken only by the soft cooking sounds.

"Next time?" she repeated, and the hope in her voice was impossible to miss.

Huh.

Was she really that pent up? I suppose it made sense. Living together, that kind of proximity to someone you were attracted to, and then suddenly… well. I'd probably have been worse at her age if I weren't constantly burning off energy fighting.

"I said I'd take responsibility," I replied evenly, mostly because I felt obligated to help after that whole minor-addiction thing, but a pretty large part of me also couldn't help but anticipate it. "Didn't I?"

She shifted in her chair. "Did you fuck a lot?" she asked, attempting casual and failing by the clear way the notion annoyed her. "You knew what you were doing."

"Not really," I answered honestly. "Some lays here and there. I guess I picked up a lot of things from them."

Picking up stuff is putting it mildly. Expert Kama Sutra is extremely informative.

"You were good as well." I return the compliment without thinking much.

I can feel more than see how Rachel perks up at my words, "Oh?"

"Yeah. Best blowjob I've ever had." Not a lie. This world definitely cranked pleasure up to unreasonable levels.

"O–oh!?"

What the hell kind of reaction was that?

I wasn't facing her at the time, focused on plating the pancakes, adding sliced bananas and berries just as the cookbook recommended, because apparently presentation mattered almost as much as taste.

Still, I heard something behind me—a small, strangled sound. A squeak, no wait, it sounded like an aborted howl?

For a second, I wondered if one of the puppies had gotten in without me noticing, but I hadn't heard any of them move.

I turned around with the plate in my hands. Just Rachel having a bright red face, staring fixedly at the table for some reason.

…huh, was I imagining things?

Still, this girl, was she feeling good? Was yesterday too much? I hope she didn't get sick because of it; that would be awful.

Still tense, Rachel asked, "Then, how do I compare?"

"To what?"

"To, you know." The words seemed difficult for her to speak through clenched teeth, "Other people. You've been with. How do I compare overall?"

I considered it for exactly as long as it took me to be honest. "You're the most beautiful."

Rachel's brain visibly short-circuited.

"I—what?" Weird, I already said she was beautiful. Or did she think it was a heat-of-the-moment thing?

"I said it yesterday as well," I continued, shrugging slightly. "And probably the most enjoyable, too."

Rachel was just staring at me, which was unnerving, but I elected to ignore it since I recognised that type of reaction. Is the same one I had when she thanked me.

Still, it's weird; does she not know how beautiful she is?

Eventually, she spoke again, "…You're serious?"

"Yeah."

Her ears were red now too. Interesting.

"How long until the food is ready?" I guess she's hungry.

Good thing that I'm done now. I set the stack of pancakes down in the middle of the table, carefully balancing the plate so nothing slid off, then grabbed cutlery for both of us and took my seat across from her.

Rachel leaned forward slightly, eyes flicking over the food.

"Looks good," she muttered.

"Thanks. I used the book you gave me."

She nodded with a jerk, "Mm. Guess it was useful for something."

"It is perfect."

"Ah- I-, uhm, that's good." Rachel sounded stiff, not knowing what to do with the compliment. She looked frustrated at her inability to answer properly.

We fell quiet as we started eating. The kitchen filled with the clink of cutlery and the faint hum of the fridge, and I felt a small surge of satisfaction when Rachel let out a soft sound after her first bite.

"Wow," she said under her breath.

I tried a bite myself and nodded. Yeah, that was good.

We ate in companionable silence until the plate was empty, both of us leaning back slightly in our chairs, basking in the aftermath.

America had exactly one thing figured out, and it was how much sugar to drown syrup in.

The answer was yes.

"Samuel," Rachel said suddenly.

I looked up. She was staring at the table again, fingers fidgeting at the edge of her plate.

"You wanna… go out somewhere, next weekend?" she asked, the words coming out stiff. It reminded me of those school theatres where the kids didn't know how to act properly.

Hmm, hanging out with a friend was never something I did back in my old life, the number one reason being that I had no friends in the first place. I just generally avoided social gatherings from the gang as well.

I guess this would be a date, except that, no, dates were a thing only boyfriend and girlfriend went to, right?

Besides, I definitely didn't do dates.

"Sure," I said after a moment.

"Great!" Rachel nods to herself, muttering something before stiffly standing up so abruptly her chair scraped the floor, and hurried up the stairs.

Hmm, what's up with her?

She walked off before we could coordinate anything.
​

[FEAT: Get a date from a beautiful girl! (Normally this happens before sex)
1x Advantage Familiar Silver Gacha Ticket]


​

Thursday came faster than I expected. I guess one can say that time passed quickly, but I was completely unaware of it passing. What a weird feeling.

The bar had been slow when I clocked in around noon, Leah and Pritt arriving not too late after wrapping up their school hours. Since they work part-time they normally never work more than three hours a day, so even if they came after me, they also left before me.

I understood, money from a part time would help, but they also needed time for studies and to live a normal teenage life, whatever that would be.

"See you tomorrow, Sam," Leah said, dragging the words out as she slung her bag over her shoulder.

I didn't look up.

She stopped mid-step. "You know, one of these days you're gonna acknowledge my existence."

"Hopefully never," I thought, keeping my face blank as I moved on to polishing glasses.

Leah gasped as if I stabbed her, so I guess I spoke it out loud.

"He's such a tsundere," Pritt said lazily, eyes still glued to her phone.

Leah burst out laughing.

I paused.

"What does that mean?" I asked, glancing up.

Leah laughed harder, nearly folding in on herself, while Pritt finally lifted her gaze, smirking at me without lowering her phone.

"What does it mean?" I repeated, slower, less patient.

They exchanged an amused look, then waved in unison.

"Bye, Sam."

"See you," Pritt added.

They left me standing there while a few patrons who'd overheard snickered into their drinks. I noted that most of the laughter came from the Asian crowd clustered near the back booths.

…Asian word, then.

I rolled my eyes and went back to work. I'd look it up later.

By the time the sun dipped fully below the horizon, the bar filled in properly. Alcohol replaced coffee, music got louder, and the usuals started filtering in like clockwork.

I learned on my first day why the boss calls his bar a neutral-safe zone.

It's because when nightfall, his doors remain open to literally anyone who wishes to enter. And that includes a lot of the criminal elements of this city.

In other words, I would do well to keep my guard especially tight by this hour.

So far, I was able to pinpoint the three most dangerous regulars that we had.

Kellista Lee, or Kelly, cause if you say her full name, she'll knock your teeth in. With long brown hair, tan skin, and a mix of American-Chinese complexion with a mean streak that knocked more men into their ass than any other woman I seen in my past life. This Asian woman somehow managed to live aggressively and carefree in a city where a literal dragon created a pan-Asian gang.

Spoiler: Kellista Lee

She was smoking, which was annoying. Wearing basically nothing, just a tank top that barely covered her chest and some denim shorts, zipper open and held only by her belt.

Normally, a woman walking like this at these hours, in these parts of the city, was a juicy stake for famished wolves that were the ABB members of this city.

The two berettas strapped on her sides did a lot to dissuade them from trying anything.

She sat at the bar, one elbow resting on the counter while the other idly held her smoke, body angled just enough that her right side stayed clear, a quick flick and her pistols would be out in a moment.

Seems like she got a new boy toy as well. The eighth time I've seen her bring someone here since I started working. From what I heard, she scares away every man she brings after a night.

Close distance if needed, don't let her unholster. Strike to the collarbone for disorientation.

Ah, she caught me glancing.

Strong instincts.

"You see something you like, kid?" She said in amusement.

I make sure to stare blankly at her before returning to my drinks, mixing a few things, and going back to analysing the clientele. A side effect of being staff here was the fact that the regulars were getting more acquainted with me.

Next was Mr Hong, a large man in the rotund sense. Whenever he came over, is to order food, never just something to drink. Lose clothes that were obviously of Chinese origin, garbed his body, and followed his calm and precise movements as he ate in peace. We didn't have much, but he always ordered something different than what he got the last time he came.

Spoiler: Mr Hong

Right now, he was just eating silently in the corners of the bar, a plate of carbonara made by yours truly.

The way he comported himself was similar to what I would expect from a monk. Maybe it was the way he carried himself with confidence, but my new Leadership skill seemed to give him a nod of respect.

Also, for some reason, his eyes were always closed.

That's something that I realised that people do in this world. I thought there was just a larger-than-normal amount of blind people, but apparently, they are just capable of seeing even when their eyes were closed.

It was weird, and when I tried to point it out, my acquaintances just shrugged and said that it's always been like this.

I decided not to question any further.

Trip him with a well-placed strike to the knee, keep him grounded there; his weight would work against him if he lost balance.

Bryce Rolando came in last, obviously of some kind of Mexican descent, built like a semi-truck, and just as loud. Even when wearing clothes to cover most of his body, the various tattoos painted on it were easy to identify.

Spoiler: Bryce Rolando

He wore a boisterous grin as he slapped Mr Hong in the shoulder while making his way towards the barstools.

"Still chewing like a cow, man?"

"Still compensating with volume, I see." Was Mr Hong's simple reply.

There was some laughter around the bar, Bryce the loudest amongst them.

He leaned against the counter and gave me the chance to analyse him completely for any type of weapons.

None that I could find. If he was carrying something, it was small enough to hide in his pockets. His stance was sloppy but confident, a confidence definitely acquired from his strong body.

He was dangerous because he believed he was.

Strike the sternum to make him drop his breath, follow it up with a strike to the head to finish it.

"Beer," Bryce said, scoffing at me, "And don't look so thrilled while doing it."

I didn't dignify that with anything, simply sliding the glass over without a word.

He squinted at me, "Man, you ever smile?"

"No." I lied.

"Liar," Kellista snorted, calling me out. Close by, Mr Hong hummed as he finished his plate.

"He is of strong mind and body," Mr Hong said, delicately wiping his mouth with a napkin, "He most reminds me of the sages from back home."

"Or a serial killer," Kelly added helpfully. She also wasn't wrong; you definitely qualified for the title.

Mr Hong smiled, even if it was easy to see that he disagreed.

"What, you think I'm wrong here?" She asked hotly.

Bryce, on the other hand, laughed. "Nah, look at him. Dead eyes and a stiff posture like that? I bet he killed his fair share."

"Oi, since when was my past so interesting?"

"Since we got a bet of two hundred on who gets you to spill." Well then you will remain poor for a long time, cause I ain't saying shit.

"C'mon, can you at least say if we're close?" Kelly drawled out, pulling her current date against her side, who looked remarkably uncomfortable in his position for such a tough-looking man.

"Your guess was hot," I spoke bluntly, watching them all blink. Mr Hong even opened his eyes for a brief second.

I then walk back to the drink, leaving them there, ignoring the sudden deluge of questions that erupted.

Soon, conversation drifted as more regulars chimed in, drinks flowed, and tensions gained by living in this dumpster fire of a city eased. Someone pointed at Bryce's arm.

"Man, don't you have too much ink already? You're not planning on adding more, are you?" I didn't know them, but they were obviously familiar with Bryce.

Bryce scoffed at their words, then grinned, "Tattoos are the story of a man," He said proudly.

"Oh yeah?" Kelly prodded, "Why's there a girl's name crossed out there?"

The bar went quiet for half a second.

"Some stories aren't meant to be told," Bryce said solemnly, then broke into laughter. "Especially not sober."

They laughed with him.

I watched them from behind the counter, hands moving on autopilot as I poured, wiped, mixed.

It didn't take long for the first person to become too inebriated. I noticed it when a guy a few stools down leaned over the counter and couldn't make it more obvious that he was watching me.

"Oi, bartender," the man slurred, leaning too far over the counter, breath heavy with alcohol. "You seem pretty cozy with the girls here. You ever get with any of them?"

Ah.

This poor fucking fool.

He saw that I was black and decided that meant familiarity, or permission, or maybe just courage borrowed from the bottle. Either way, he'd grown far too comfortable.

Around him, the regulars reacted instantly. Chairs shifting to get a better look, those too close drawing away, even as both panic and anticipation slid into their faces.

Yup, they knew exactly what was about to happen and wanted a good seat for it.

"No," I replied evenly, pausing my work long enough to reach beneath the counter and pull out the mop.

If anything, this was convenient. The newer customers had been testing boundaries lately, and reminders were sometimes necessary.

"Shame," he continued, mistaking my calm for encouragement, his grin turning lecherous. "Thought you might've been close with that white girl. Those sluts do anything for a taste."

I didn't look at him as I filled the bucket, water sloshing softly against plastic.

He noticed the silence and, like most idiots, mistook it for an opening.

"C'mon, man," he pressed, lowering his voice as if that made it better. "Tell the truth, she's a slut in bed, isn't she? It's always the excitable ones. How much for me to take her for a spin-"

A large hand landed on his shoulder.

Hard.

The bar went quiet.

Robert stood behind him, broad frame blocking the light, expression carved into a furious glare. The man turned just enough to register who had hold of him, eyes widening a fraction too late.

Hopefully, there won't be too much blood to clean this time.

"You talking about my daughter?" Robert all but growled in restrained violence.

Maybe it was because of the drink in his system, or maybe he just liked his chances against a man who looked like he had a wrestling match with a blender, but the customer didn't back down.

"And if I was?"

The punch came fast.

Teeth scattered across the floor as the man hit the ground on his back, a wet groan tearing out of him while he clutched his face.

"W-wait— I didn't mean— I'm sorry—"

I tuned him out as the demonstration continued.

There were rules here for this neutral zone to work. Don't start shit, don't get into shit, don't bring shit here. That type of stuff.

One of the biggest was simple: don't harass the staff woman. Don't prey on them. Ever. Break that rule, and you're done. Especially when you look to be in your thirties, while the girl you're preying on is sixteen at best.

Robert enforced it personally.

Yeah, pedos got about zero rights in this zone.

Understandable.

By the time the man was dragged outside and thrown onto the street, the bar was still silent, everyone waiting for the sound of the door slamming shut before breathing again.

I moved without comment, mopping the blood from the floor as noise slowly returned, conversation restarting in low murmurs before climbing back to normal levels.

Kelly, who didn't back down from anyone, the leader of the biggest biker gang of Brockton, had lowered her head and watched in amusement, careful to not draw any attention from Robert.

Mr Hong, who watched over the remains of large Asian communities that had been exploited by the ABB, had followed her suit, even if he tried to make it seem like he was focused on his meal.

And Bryce, the man with the largest number of goons, the excess left over from other villains who failed at becoming gang lords, had become quiet in the wake of my boss's anger.

One thing that I learned was that the three of them were the top dogs of gangs around this place. They were leaders to the rabble, enforcers to those who crossed the lines, and the bosses of their own gangs.

But my Boss?

He was the most dangerous one here.

And everyone here knew.

"Who the hell was that?" one of the customers muttered.

Okay, so most of them knew it. The older ones, not the newbies.

And he was obviously new, eyes darting toward the door as if expecting it to explode back open. "I thought this place was neutral ground."

I kept mopping, the rag dragging through diluted blood as I angled myself just enough to listen without looking like I was listening. An important skill of the streets was to look busy, and not draw attention to oneself.

"You don't know?" one of his friends replied, incredulous, turning on his stool to face him. "Man, that was Bull Iron Robert. Owner of Night's Rest, this neutral ground."

"Shit," the newbie breathed, posture straightening. "That a cape?"

"Nah," another chimed in, trying—and failing—to lower his voice. He leaned in anyway, elbows on the table, clearly drunk enough to forget volume control. "He got that name back when he was running a normal gang, years ago."

"That's it?" the first guy scoffed. "Just a gang?"

"Yeah, just that," the drunk one said, nodding with exaggerated emphasis. "Back when Marquis was still around. When the Teeth were active. When the Empire was at its peak. When the fucking Slaughterhouse Nine passed through for a joyride."

A lot of those names flew over my mind, even as the Narrative put its hand up to supply me with the knowledge if I wished. I declined it, because his tone told me enough.

They were enemies, so I would just kill them if the chance came.

"Oh," the newbie said, swallowing. "So he's kind of a big deal."

"You're damn right he is," his friend said. "He pulled out a few years back, when cape fights started getting too brutal for the normal folk. Lost a lot of his people. Once he stepped down, the gang splintered."

"So, he doesn't have a gang right now?"

"He just has this neutral ground. It's honestly a safe haven for people like us," He spoke with a bitter smile, "The gangs don't come near it, nobody really knows why Robert does it, but we don't question a good thing."

The newbie frowned. "And none of the gangs tried to take him out?"

A few of them exchanged looks.

"It's not worth it for them man, like, he's no cape, so his only value is his name,"

"So?" the newbie pressed. "Send some capes after him. Problem solved, right?"

"Well yeah, some tried, but apparently it didn't work."

"What?"

"That's how he manages the neutral zone, because even when the capes came for him, it was the capes that wound up dead in the streets, a message for everyone else."

"Holy shit, this guy is insane. But if he's killing capes, how come the others didn't group up gunning for him?"

"'Cause he ain't a cape man." One of the shrugged, "And he only kills those that come to his territory. If they decide to come kill him off, there's always a chance he can kill more capes in turn. Just stay out of his little pocket, and no one gets hurt."

"Huh," The newbie contemplated.

And thank you for all of that, I muse, dragging the mop into the bucket and wringing it out, water sloshing softly as things clicked into place.

How a neutral zone like this can operate in this feudalistic city of superpowers, why do all the top dogs bow their heads to my boss.

I didn't dwell much on the ramifications of my boss being a killer, mostly because I already thought he was. I also don't really care about the fact that he killed capes, since it seemed like the majority of capes didn't have any innate resistance to getting shot in the face, despite what they liked to believe.

If anything, I wondered why the gang hadn't pushed harder. You would think that anyone who was the leader of a cape gang, and as such had to have ego on themselves, wouldn't allow for any type of competitor for territory, especially a non-parahuman.

Then again, the neutral zone didn't expand. It stayed contained, limited to this district, this bar. Robert did no encroachment, and so he carried forth with no ambition.

As long as Robert didn't threaten their territory, they could afford to let him exist.

And judging by what I'd seen tonight, that arrangement worked just fine for everyone involved.

…Wait.

This arrangement didn't exist because everyone was polite or passive. It existed because nobody crossed the line.

And I had crossed it.

I didn't just beat down ABB members; I did it publicly, then walked straight into Robert's bar and got employed, tying myself to neutral ground like it was nothing. From their perspective, that wasn't just violence, it was an encroachment, a challenge to image and authority, a crack in the unspoken agreement that kept gangs from spilling blood here.

Groups like the ABB didn't let that stand. Reputation was everything to Lung, who used fear as the stick to keep everyone in line. Letting someone like me walk away would make them look weak, and by virtue, make him look weak.

So why is it that after two weeks, nothing has happened yet?

Two weeks. There had been no retaliation. No ambushes as I walked from work. No stalkers in the alleys to follow me home.

Nothing.

I replayed my routine in my head as I pushed the mop across the floor, the bar quieting as the night wound down. The routes I took home. The corners I cut. The way I deliberately left myself exposed, almost daring someone to try something.

And then it clicked.

They hadn't stayed away from me.

They'd stayed away from here.

From Robert's territory.

…Was Robert protecting me?​

[FEAT: Figure out the piece that was missing from the puzzle.
1x Random Bronze Gacha Ticket]
​
I blinked, breath catching as a wash of unfamiliar emotion rolled through me, sharp and messy and hard to name. Anger came first, hot and immediate, followed by something worse beneath it.

That stupid, fucking idiot.

I let go of the mop, water dripping back into the bucket as I turned, already moving toward the back, intent on confronting him, on demanding answers—

The front door slammed open.

The sound cracked through the bar like a gunshot.

I turned slowly, already knowing what I'd see; everyone else was tense and watching the entrance.

Of course. Of course, now.

They poured in with practiced confidence, ten of them at least, spreading out just enough to block exits without making it obvious. Red and yellow marked their jackets and bandanas, dragon motifs curling across fabric and skin alike.

The one who stepped forward was tall and broad, muscles packed onto his frame like it had been carved there, fire and dragon tattoos crawling up his arms and disappearing beneath his collar. His smile was easy, relaxed, and didn't bother hiding what it promised.

Violence.

"Evenin'," he said with an obvious accent, voice smooth as oil over water. "We were hopin' Flatline might be interested in a little conversation."

I straightened, planting my feet behind the bar, shoulders relaxed, hands loose at my sides. I felt no fear, my mind immediately jumping into a simulation of how to be efficient as I took them all down. Each carried a weapon, some in the form of bats, while others carried a few pieces by the back, there to look menacing. The one who talked had nothing on him.

Space was tight, I could stay close to the front line, and they would have to risk shooting their own man. No, I can't let the customers be hurt either.

"Unless you're ordering a drink," I replied flatly, "you can leave."

A few of them chuckled. The leader's smile widened.

"Ah, shame," he said, shaking his head as if genuinely disappointed. "See, it's just that we ran into a couple of lost girls tonight. Real confused. Real scared."

My thoughts slammed to a halt.

The bar seemed to recede, sound dulling as my attention narrowed.

"And we figured," he continued, voice lowering just enough to crawl under the skin, "that maybe you'd wanna hear about it."

Something stirred behind my throat.

"Now, you may address me as Hiroshi," he finished, tilting his head, eyes glittering with satisfaction, "are you willing to talk?"

I couldn't help it, I laughed.

That seemed to shock them, the leader especially, completely frozen in place as if he couldn't begin to understand what I was laughing at.

"I see," He tried to speak, to keep the control he had going, "So you do not care what ha-"

"Call them." I break him off, my laughter subsiding as I stare at him blankly.

Brows furrowing, Hiroshi seemed irritated at my cutting of his words.

"Oh?"

"You fucked up, and you don't even know how," I said in amusement, before opening a palm to him, "Call them."

The situation was tense, but Leadership wasn't just about commanding your men; it was about understanding and making others follow your words.

Under my order, the man begrudgingly took a phone and dialled a number.

No one picked up.

I smiled.

He held my stare for a bit, but I could see the cracks forming, the sweat beginning to fall from the pressure. Once again, he dialled the number, and we waited in the silence as it rang.

The man looked at his phone with dawning terror, realisation finally flooding in as he understood what happened.

There was no one on the other side to pick up the phone.

"What did you do?" Hiroshi said, horror dripping through his words.

But I don't answer him, throwing my apron across the counter, I make myself comfortable in one of the tables of the bar.

The thing is, I didn't do anything.

And the question he should be asking was 'Who did we fuck with?'

But about two weeks ago, when I wasn't aware of how the Gacha worked, I didn't question an event.

When I beat down the ABB members who surrounded Pritt and Leah, I did not receive any rewards for my action of saving them.

I never thought deeply into that, but as I worked with both of them throughout the two weeks, the answer became obvious.

They were never in any danger.

"Sit down." I point at the now freed chair before me, "You wanted to talk, didn't you?"

After all, just like I realised all those days ago.

Pritt Martinez was the most dangerous individual in this bar.​

Spoiler: On the other side of the Phone
"Let's talk."
​
[FEAT: So it begins
1x Random Bronze Gachat Ticket]


​
AN: Well, this was a monster of a chapter to post. Mostly because of the rolls, like, holy shit, I had to stop a bit when he rolled that Hot Springs because it kind of changed a lot of the plans that I had for him when it came to how he would gain money to raise his gang. It allowed me to skip a shit ton to step into the planning process.

Also, we're finally back to the action! It's all just gonna spiral from here on out, just ya'll wait. You thought this was a slice of life? Get ready for some criminal empire type of shit. (Kind of, there still will be Slice of Life, but I'll probably be focusing on the gang side of this)

Tell me what you guys think, if you have any question I'll try to answer to the best of my ability.

Also, heads up, who said that Pritt was a parahuman? Cause hats off to you, I only gave like, a single hint and you caught it easily

Hope you all enjoy the story, have a great read.​
Last edited: Mar 19, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, EvilSmirk, MrLusty and 1,354 others
PassingBy
Jan 15, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 10: I did not sign up for this!
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Jan 29, 2026
Add bookmark
#382
POV: Samuel Rodrigues

The bar went quiet after my words settled in the air, not that I didn't anything else to follow. A few hands tightened around glasses or drifted a little closer to jackets and belts, closer to where their guns were held. Thankfully no one panicked, even if the newbies looked like they were shitting bricks.

Heh, a few people were even looking at me in awe, which was very misplaced.

It made sense, I had just openly claimed responsibility for foiling his plan I wasn't even physically present for, and even if I knew the details, none of the people here did.

I made a mental note to check on Pritt and Leah after this was over. If the ABB was bold enough to walk in here, then the ripples from what happened earlier weren't done spreading yet. Pritt being a Parahuman meant complications, which meant I would probably have to deal with he fallout of this shit.

Those were problems for later.

Right now, all of my focus was on the men in front of me.

The one at the center of the group took a few seconds too long to speak, his eyes flicking briefly to his subordinates before returning to me. Hiroshi was shaken. He hid it well, holding himself together through sheer force of will, not a crack on his posture that would say anything about how a piece of his operation went wrong.

The dim lighting of the bar worked in his favor, shadows cutting across his face and softening the strain around his eyes. Whatever uncertainty Hiroshi felt, he buried it quickly as he met my gaze, pulling it down behind a mask that looked practiced.

After a few more tense moments, he stepped forward and took the seat across from me, placing himself deliberately within arm's reach. His back straightened, chin lifting upwards, looking down at me.

"You think you'll get out of this alive?" Hiroshi asked.

Ah, I see we'll start things off with threats now, won't we?

I leaned my cheek into my knuckles, elbow resting against the table, my posture loose in contrast to his stiffness. Sitting with my back to the wall had been intentional. From here, any weapon drawn would be pointed at me first, which meant I didn't have to worry about dodging, as no one would be behind me.

"I think my chances are better than yours," I replied evenly.

A flicker passed through his eyes at that, irritation sharpened by the low murmurs behind him. One of the men standing a step back shifted his weight, teeth grinding audibly as my dismissal sank in, obviously not very disciplined by the way his hands clenched around his submachine gun.

Side note, this feels nostalgic.

Hiroshi's lips pressed into a thin line. "Do not mistake your momentary display for power," he said, voice calm but coiled. "You are nothing but a pebble on the roadside. Easily crushed and just as easily forgotten."

"This pebble sure messed up a few of your boys." I said, tilting my head slightly. "How are they doing, by the way? Still eating through straws?"

They should be. I made sure to give them quite a few fractures.

Hiroshi's composure cracked for just a fraction of a second, the flash of anger unable to contain itself, his jaw tightening before he smoothed his expression again. He smiled then, eyes narrowing as they curved shut in a way that didn't reach his face, reminding me too much of a fucking snake.

"Yes," he said softly. "And that is precisely why I am here."

He leaned forward just enough to lower his voice, though he didn't bother trying to keep it truly private. "Your actions have caused unrest among our younger members. Dissent quickly rose as you walked off scot-free, it made people think us weak."

"You aren't?" I tilt my head, and it causes Hiroshi's face to briefly spazz with incredibility, followed by anger.

Hehehe, its surprisingly funny to bait the rage of others, maybe I should listen to more of those stupid videos that Pritt watches?

"There were attempts to rectify their views. But the leader of this neutral zone," He says roughly, almost spitting the word out, "Made it clear that he cares not for our authority."

So that's what Robert was protecting me from, the idiot. How come I never heard of it? Unless Robert employed other people to 'protect' me? Ah fuck, did he know that Pritt was a Parahuman- were they in cahoots here?

[FEAT: Figure out another piece that was missing from the puzzle.
1x Random Bronze Gacha Ticket]
​
"But worry not," The smile he gave me was anything but real, "We made sure to keep him occupied."

I had been wondering when Robert would walk back in, but I guess there is my answer.

Man, these guys just don't learn, do they?

"In the end however, we cannot look away from this insult. You can no longer hide behind the so-called neutral zone." There was obvious disdain at the mere idea of a 'neutral zone', and it made me think.

"You will come with us," Hiroshi continued, confidence settling back into his posture like armor. "You will be presented before the Dragon, and your public execution will serve as an example. A reminder of what happens to those who stain our reputation."

That seemed… excessive, especially since I thought that Robert would be the one who would get executed for openly defying the ABB. But then again, they probably believe that it would be easier to get a kid then Bull Iron Robert.

I paused, considering it. Having their orders, their wishes being pushed back outside of their territory wouldn't be enough for this level of response.

In a normal gang, it wouldn't. But this wasn't normal. Parahumans warped everything. Reputation wasn't just about respect in this world, it was survival, and allowing a loss like that to stand uncontested would invite challengers, each of who could be a cape with a specific power that might just be catastrophic.

Still.

This felt like more than retaliation.

They were pushing too hard, too publicly, for something this small.

Which meant there was more to it.

"That's not much of an incentive to come with you," I pointed out, tone flat as I leaned back slightly in my chair.

Threatening someone into cooperation while openly telling them they were going to die for it felt backwards. Then again, this was a world where villains made speeches and heroes did Live in events for posteriority, I guess you're allowed to be more dramatic.

Hiroshi's eyes hardened.

"Must I remind you that you do not have a choice, Flatline?" he said.

The shift was immediate. The soft clink that I was used to, of safety's being switch off rang out, and suddenly every gun in the ABB's possession was pointed directly at me.

Ugh, he's using that annoying nickname. Did they even bother learning my real name?

"And with your execution," Hiroshi continued, voice growing louder, almost theatrical, "there will be an announcement."

He stood and turned, arms spreading slightly as if addressing an audience which the bar definitely didn't agree to be one. The bar was packed, and nobody moved. People stayed rigidly stayed seated, because standing up meant drawing attention, and attention right now came with a gun barrel attached.

"The neutral zone," he said, savouring the words, "will be officially annexed. From this moment on, it will fall under ABB jurisdiction."

Ah, there it is.

It was a shelter. A pocket of calm carved out of a city that didn't allow softness. A place where people could breathe without constantly watching their backs, where fear loosened its grip just enough to remind these people what normal life felt like.

It was protection.

It was the literal heart of Downtown, the east center of the city and where people can-

Ah, I get it now.

"I'm just an excuse," I said, cutting through the noise.

Hiroshi glanced back at me, clearly amused now that he felt like he had the upper hand in the dynamics here, "Oh?"

"You don't care about some territory dispute," I continued. "The ABB were planning to take this place anyway. You all just needed a reason that didn't make you look desperate."

Night's Rest was in a pretty good strategical position after all, close enough to the Docks, which is ABB territory, while also bordering on the side of reasonably good ending businesses.

If they get this district, they can come in and swoop it all under ABB banner.

His smile widened, it gave off an oily feeling, clearly pleased I'd caught on, and not giving a shit about being called off, because in the end it didn't matter.

"With this district under our purview," Hiroshi said calmly, "all who refuse to submit to the ABB will be crushed."

The way his gaze slid toward Kelly and Bryce wasn't subtle. It lingered, his eyes and smile mocking them deliberately. Neither of them looked away. Kelly's grin stayed sharp as she bared her teeth, while Bryce's jaw clenched and he glared at Hiroshi.

When Hiroshi looked at Mr. Hong, though, there was a pause.

The older man met his stare with a soft, almost gentle smile, hands folded neatly in front of him as if this was a polite conversation instead of a threat display.

Still, how annoying, am I being dismissed?

"Oi," I snapped, flicking my fingers sharply like I'm calling for a dog. "Eyes on me, bastard."

The sound cut clean through the room.

Hiroshi turned on reflex, anger already breaking across his face, mouth opening with a snarl—

And then he stopped.

Because when he met my eyes, I allowed the Oni to shine.

There was no need to transform. Calling upon that pressure without a horn, or my skin turning ashy red was effortless, a weight that came from me being something closer to a natural disaster than a person.

It bled into the space between us, an oppressive miasma that dragged upon the air itself.

My displeasure made manifest.

Spoiler: What Hiroshi sees

"You don't seem to understand," I said, leaning forward, my voice low and even as I stared him down. "So let me make this simple."

This man wasn't a threat. He was an irritation. A pest that had wandered into the wrong place and ruined what had been a decent night.

"All who drink here," I continued, "are under my protection."

There was no need to flourish my words, they were plain, because they were true.

"And if you became a threat," The words also came out naturally, a weird feeling, because I myself felt surprised by how easy they flowed out of my mouth, "You become trash for me to throw out."

Keeping the peace here had been my job. Making sure things didn't spiral. Making sure people could come in, relax, laugh, and leave without something following them home.

Somewhere along the way, I'd stopped thinking of it as just work.

I'd grown used to it.

I'd grown to like it.

The peace, and the people who I kept it for.

And as the weight of my declaration settled, I felt it—Leadership flaring naturally—as the crowd straightened behind them.

Hiroshi stared at me, eyes unsteady, his composure visibly straining under the weight of my words. For a moment, I thought he might actually falter. Then, with what looked like genuine effort, he forced out a laugh.

It was the kind of laugh an adult gives a child who just declared they were going to grow wings and fly. Loud enough to reassure himself.

"How arrogant," he said, shaking his head slowly. "Can you truly protect everyone here, Flatline? And even if you could, how do you plan to stop those who will come after? How do you plan to stop the dragon that will rage when you do?"

"I'll deal with Lung."

I said it plainly, stating the obvious.

The ABB weren't complicated. They were a gang held together by fear and momentum, and the Narrative helpfully filled in the gaps as the thought formed. Lung ruled through sheer power and fear, his presence violent enough that rival Asian ethnicities, groups that would normally tear each other apart, stayed in line under him. He was the spine of the ABB. The threat that kept everything from collapsing.

If I killed Lung, the ABB would fracture. It wouldn't be clean. There would be infighting, power grabs, plenty of blood spilled as smaller groups scrambled to take his place.

But they wouldn't be able to touch this district anymore.

And if chaos followed?

I'd deal with that too.

The bar went dead silent.

Hiroshi's expression shifted, disbelief creeping in before he threw his head back and laughed again. This time it was genuine. This time his tone was truly ridiculing, his mind placing me in the same category as the dirt on the ground.

"You'll deal with Lung?" he said between chuckles, looking at me like I'd just told a bad joke. "I thought you were slow before, but perhaps you are truly ill of mind. Child, Lung is powerful—far beyond anything you can comprehend. Do not insult him with fantasies."

How pointless.

So, what if Lung was stronger?

I won't lose.

"It doesn't matter if he is or not," I said, my face remaining flat as the words came, Leadership guiding them, hinting at how to truly speak and be heard, "These people came into our bar. They drank from our cups."

I could feel it as I spoke, something subtle shifting in the room.

"They trusted me," I continued. "As long as I'm breathing, nothing happens to them."

The crowd stirred again, a low movement rippling through the bar. Some stared at me like I'd lost my mind, eyes wide. But what impresses me is that my words seemed to move just as many, their faces setting into hard stony visages, hands trailing for their guns.

Kelly grinned harder, hands already neatly resting on the guns by her side.

Bryce was rigid, ready to spring forward at any moment.

All of their followers, noticing their leaders, also got set.

That mattered more than Hiroshi's opinion ever could.

I had decided to protect them. A decision that was made by me and me alone, one made in an act to live a life unlike my last one.

A decision I have yet to regret.

A decision that would not change until my heart stopped.

My words finally cracked the mask, anger at my confidence rising. With a sharp movement, he drew the pistol I noted he carried by his side, the metal glinting under the bar lights as he levelled it at my forehead. I could dodge it easily. I could disarm him just as fast.

Most held their breath at the drawing of a firearm, but Hiroshi ignored it.

I didn't move.

Attention had to be on me, I needed to have all eyes on me for this.

"Well?" he snarled, the tremor in his voice bleeding through despite his effort to hide it. "Where's that strength now? Where's your promise? Will you keep it when I blow your fucking head off?"

Good. All eyes on me.

"Try me."

I leaned forward, closing the distance myself, pressing my forehead against the cold barrel of the gun. I didn't break eye contact.

His grip shook, he obviously shot others before, you didn't rise through the ranks of a gang lead by someone as ruthless as Lung without having blood on your hands.

But how many times did you look someone in the eyes when you pulled the trigger?

Well, Hiroshi, I'm betting that not many.

My movement was enough to set everything off.

The moment I leaned into the gun, every ABB member reacted, weapons snapping up as their instincts screamed at them to follow their leader's example. Their attention locked onto me in a tight, panicked focus, fingers tense on triggers, eyes darting between my face and Hiroshi's trembling hand.

And in doing so, they missed it.

They didn't see the way the crowd shifted slowly, it kind of reminded me of that one time I went to the beach, a tide pulling back before a wave. Moving silently, not letting the chairs scrap against the floor, and boots are repositioned, with bodies angled just enough to give clear lines of fire.

The ABB members are unaware of what happens around them, their focus on me as veterans moved, the years of living in Brockton Bay teaching them exactly when it was time to stop pretending to be civilians.

Watching it happen sent a strange warmth through my chest.

Leadership really was terrifying. I hadn't said a word to coordinate this, hadn't given a signal or a plan, yet everyone understood what was being asked of them. They trusted me to stand, so they stood with me.

"Listen to my words," I said calmly, the corner of my mouth lifting despite myself.

Hiroshi flinched at the sight of my smile, his bravado cracking just enough for him to realize he'd misjudged something important.

"Don't threaten the guy who pours the drink."

The bar exploded into motion.

Guns came up with the speed that only came with experience, their movements exactly the same as I remember the top enforcers of my old gang doing, veterans of an unstable city. In the span of a heartbeat, every tattooed man found themselves staring down barrels instead of levelling them.

They were surrounded.

"Don't move a muscle, shithead."

Kelly was already there, the flick of her hand fast enough that normal me would be hard pressed to react, one of her Berettas pressed firmly against the back of a gunman's head. I had a distinct feeling that this was a lot more personal for her given the absolute ecstasy filling her smile right now.

"Hahaha! You weren't lying—Flatline can smile!"

Bryce's laughter rang out with adrenaline. He didn't have a gun, but he didn't need one, the knife in his hand hovering a breath away from another ABB member's throat, close enough that even swallowing looked dangerous.

Dammit.

I hadn't even realized I was smiling.

The thought should have embarrassed me. Instead, it only made the smile widen.

Mr. Hong stood a little apart from the chaos, his expression as serene as ever, as though this were nothing more than an inconvenience to be corrected. The shotgun in his hands, however, told a very different story.

"I believe," he said mildly, "that you have all been rude enough."

Scary man he was, I didn't even notice where he'd hidden a weapon that large.

Shouts rippled through the ABB group as they realized just how badly the situation had flipped, eyes wide as they took in the wall of guns pointed at them, yet none dared make any risky moves. Any sudden movement now would end with their blood on the floor, and they knew it.

Hiroshi looked around in disbelief, his face pale as the truth finally settled in.

That distraction was all I needed.

I slapped the pistol from his hand with an easy motion, sending it skittering across the floor before he could even react. His mouth opened to shout "You—!"

—and then cut off sharply as the butt of my Glock met his face.

The weapon appeared in my hand as I moved, the motion smooth enough that it looked like I'd drawn it from somewhere behind my back. Hiroshi hit the floor hard, clutching his face as he groaned in pain.

I stood, stepped forward, and planted my foot squarely on his chest, pinning him to the ground as I levelled the gun at his head.

From this position, he looked small.

He looks up at me in fear. The anguish, the anger, everything else was there, but they were overshadowed by the primal terror that came from having a gun pointed your way, stripping a man down to exactly what he was when death was only a twitch away.

A sight so pathetic my smile fades.

"W-wait!" he gasped, hands coming up in surrender. "Do you not care about your boss?!"

I paused.

I had been wondering where Robert was. He'd stepped out earlier to deal with a that troublesome customer and hadn't returned yet, which had been nagging at the back of my mind.

Hiroshi seized on the hesitation like a drowning man grabbing at driftwood.

"Y-yeah! I don't know what you did to protect those girls, but if you don't listen to me, that old man is gonna fucking get it—"

The door exploded inward.

We all turned as a body just in time to see an ABB member fly through the entrance, crashing onto the floor in a heap of limbs and blood. Teeth scattered across the wood, and even without looking closely, it was obvious he'd taken more than a few concussions.

A second later, Robert stepped inside.

His scarred face was carved into a thunderous scowl as he dragged another unconscious ABB member behind him by the collar, tossing the man aside like trash once he crossed the threshold.

"The fuck are you all doing in my bar?" he growled.

I scanned him quickly, relief washing over me when I saw nothing worse than a few scratches. Nothing life-threatening.

"Don't worry, boss," I said, straightening as I holstered my gun. "I'll just be showing them out."

Robert watched me for a moment, eyes narrowed, the tension in his body slowly easing now that the immediate threat was gone. Then his expression twisted into irritation as his gaze dropped to the floor.

"Hmph," he muttered, before scowling. "Then why the hell is there still blood on my floor?"

Ah. Shit.

"That's their fault," I said shamelessly, pointing at the ABB.

The effect was immediate. Every single one of them flinched as Robert's glare snapped their way, the promise of violence etched on it if they gave him even the slightest excuse. Around the bar, a few customers let out short, disbelieving laughs.

I watched Hiroshi in particular.

Whatever hope he'd been clinging to had finally drained out of him, his posture sagging as the full scale of how badly this had gone sank in. The fear in his eyes wasn't just about the guns anymore, but about the realization that nothing he'd planned tonight had survived first contact.

"All of you," I said, my voice cutting cleanly through the noise, "drop your weapons."

My gaze moved over them one by one, lingering just long enough to make the threat feel personal. They were shaking now, hands unsteady, breaths shallow as they weighed their chances and found nothing but bad outcomes waiting for them.

I could feel it working.

My stance, my expression, the way my voice carried through the room, it all came together as I leaned fully into Leadership, layering it with the pressure of the Oni until I felt like the center of gravity in the bar. Right now, I wasn't just a bartender or some kid who'd gotten lucky, I was the authority, and they knew it.

For a long moment, nobody moved.

Then one of them cracked.

His gun hit the floor with a dull clatter, the man who you think couldn't even be twenty was shaking. That was all it took, soon the rest followed in a rush, weapons dropping one after the other as the dam broke, fear winning out over loyalty.

"No, no!" Hiroshi gasped, his voice climbing as panic set in. "Lung won't forget this! You hear me? This cowardice will be the fucking end of you—"

My foot drove into his stomach before he could finish the thought.

The air left him in a wheezing cry as he doubled over, collapsing to the floor and clutching his gut. He wasn't saying anything else for a while.

"You," I said, pointing toward one of the customers, a broad-shouldered guy who'd been watching all of this with sharp, focused eyes. "Collect the guns. Put them behind the counter."

He didn't hesitate, and I marvelled at how Leadership made this so much easier then it had any right to be.

In seconds, he was moving through the pile of weapons, scooping them up efficiently while the ABB stood there, empty-handed and very aware of it. By the time he finished, they looked stripped down to what they really were, a group of scared men far from home.

I waited until I had all of their attention again, my gaze flat and unblinking as it swept across them.

"This is your only warning," I said, slowly curling my hand into a fist, the quiet sound of bone shifting under pressure carrying in the sudden hush. "Go back to your dens, little snakes, and don't look back."

I needed them alive.

Not out of mercy, but because fear travelled better when there were witnesses to spread it. The more of them that walked out of here breathing, the harder it would be for anyone to twist what had happened tonight. Their terror would do the work for me, a tactic I knew all to well, a tactic I have played before.

Every non-cape gang in this district would hear about this. Every neutral party would remember who stood when the ABB tried to take their safe ground.

A united front mattered.

I nodded, and my allies slowly lowered their weapons, giving the ABB just enough space to move. Without ceremony, I picked up Hiroshi, and threw him toward his men, sending him rolling across the floor with a pained cry until someone hauled him upright.

Beneath the weight of my eyes, these man who spread misery did not posture any further.

They fled.

Boots pounded against the floor as they rushed for the exit, curses spilling out between laboured breaths, none of them daring to look back as they vanished into the night.

The door slammed shut.

For a moment, the bar was silent.

Then—

"Holy shit," Bryce said, breaking into a grin as he looked around. "Did Flatline just start a gang war?"

I rubbed my face, letting out a slow breath as the adrenaline finally began to ebb.

Yes, Bryce.

Yes, I absolutely fucking did.

[FEAT: Deescalate an armed conflict!

1x Random Silver Advantage Gacha Ticket]


[FEAT: Start a gang war with the ABB!

1x Random Gold Gacha Ticket]

​
Well, at least it can't get more complicated than this.


Ten Minutes Later…

I stared at the four people sitting across from me with the dead, hollow look.

Bryce, Kelly, Mr. Hong, Robert and I were all seated around the table, the problem here is that they all wore various matching grins that seemed to be at my expense.

Then, as if rehearsed, all four of them raised their glasses.

"A toast to our newest bossman!" Bryce announced

"Banzai!" Mr Hong cheered along.

"Yooho!" Kelly rallied alongside him.

"Hmm," Robert simply hummed approvingly.

As they chugged down their drinks, I could only blink down at my own cup, filled with Sake.

Bob.

I know this is somehow your fucking fault.

[FEAT: Became the Villainous Leader of a Gang!

1x Random Platinum Gacha Ticket]

​


AN: Dread it, run from it, destiny arrives all the same Samuel. It was always your destiny to become a gang boss, I just thought it would be hilarious if you created everything from the ground up with your own 'Parahumans' as Install Cards Users.

Also, was this chapter a pain to write, I don't know what it was about it, but holy crap was I just super uninspired to write the scenes here, I guess I just don't do very well writing tense situations? I just prefer lighter comedy relief ones, but then again, I gotta practice my stuff! Thankfully we can go back to part in part action the next chapter. Also the next chapter will be expanding upon that last segment there.

Hmm, I might do a PHO interlude after the next few chapters, to show the overall impact. Or maybe a villain interlude? See how Coil, Lung, and Kaiser are dealing with the new appearance of this new gang lead by a superpower.

Also, soon our boy is gonna meet with escalation queen, let's see how that pans out. It'll be in between the gang war, so I'm still not sure how to properly utilize Taylor here.

Also also, PRT and Protectorate will soon join the chat, and just as easily be thrown to the side as irrelevants.

Also also also! Amy and Victoria meeting again after that! Maybe this time an Interlude from Victoria's perspective.

If you want to ask anything, leave a comment and I would love to talk it through, if you just want to leave a comment to say how good I am, well I ain't discouraging you!

Thanks for reading, hope yall have a good day!
Last edited: Feb 4, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, EvilSmirk, MrLusty and 1,356 others
PassingBy
Jan 29, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 11: Ah shit, here we go then
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Feb 10, 2026
Add bookmark
#452
POV: Samuel Rodrigues

So it turns out there was a second floor to the bar, which I had absolutely no idea about. Too bad, really, since securing a building became a hell of a lot easier when you had natural choke points like a staircase.

After the little debacle with the ABB, Robert called a meeting with the other local bosses.

I wasn't entirely sure why the hell I was included. And considering I had spent the entire evening around other people and still hadn't had the chance to send my Glock back into its item space through the Gacha. The weight of it was a constant reminder at my side as we climbed the stairs, hopefully no one would question it.

We all ended up seated around a single table, the room quiet as we waited for Robert to begin, since he was the one who had called this meeting.

Only instead of talking, the man moved behind the bar up here and started serving drinks, methodically pouring each of us a glass with unhurried care. I recognized the tactic since my own old bosses used it a lot, a type of slow silence that people used to apply pressure and make others fill the space for them. One by one, the glasses were placed down in front of everyone.

Everyone except me.

"You're fifteen," Robert said flatly, catching the look on my face before I could even complain.

My Oni self-bristled at the injustice. It demanded alcohol on principle.

Is it really alcoholism if your inner demon runs on the stuff?

"This guy is fifteen?" Bryce blinked, looking me up and down, then glancing down at his own arms as if comparing muscle mass.

I just shrugged.

"Damn," Kelly muttered, "you do not look fifteen."

I took that as a compliment and nodded, letting the silence settle again as Robert finally took his own drink and leaned against the counter.

Unfortunately, he still didn't say anything, just sipped and ignored the collective stares burning into him.

"Sooo," Bryce eventually said, setting his glass down with a soft clink, "what do we do?"

"The fuck is this 'we'?" Kelly shot back immediately, leaning into her chair. "You speaking French or something?"

"Drop the tough bitch act," Bryce replied without missing a beat, rolling his eyes. "We both know none of us survives the ABB on our own."

Kelly clicked her tongue at that, clearly irritated, but she didn't actually argue the point.

"The fuckers expect us to roll over the moment they roll out the red carpet," she said instead, anger bleeding through her words. There was something personal in it, that kind of resentment didn't come from tonight alone.

"We wouldn't have any other option," Robert cut in, his voice calm but firm.

Both Bryce and Kelly bristled at his tone, shifting in their seats, but neither of them actually refuted him.

It made sense. I wasn't completely sure of all the details yet, but after a few weeks in this world, I'd already noticed the divide between Parahumans and normal people. Digging around online using Pritt's phone, I'd learned that a lot of people genuinely considered Parahumans untouchable by normies, which was honestly hilariously stupid.

Most of them didn't even have any kind of constitution enhancement. A gun to the head worked just as well on them as it did on anyone else, and yet they still acted as the central pillars of both government institutions and gang hierarchies.

Power did weird things to people's perception.

"And what shall we do now, then?" Mr. Hong asked, folding his hands on the table.

Bryce exhaled heavily, rubbing the back of his neck. "I need to gather my boys. We've got enough people to move our assets, but we'll probably have to relocate to another city."

"If you need supplies moved," Kelly said, smirking as she rubbed her fingers together in a clear money gesture, "my streets are open. Just give the right incentive."

I see.

They weren't planning to stay and fight, which made sense. From what I'd gathered, Bryce was the only one with enough people to even consider mounting any real resistance. Mr. Hong had numbers, but most of them weren't criminals, just people trying to survive in refugee areas. Kelly had the smallest group, but nearly all of hers had vehicles and knew how to use them.

Individually, they'd be slaughtered by the ABB.

Still…

"You're all making this too complicated," I said, leaning back in my chair and crossing my arms as I looked around the table.

"Oh?" Kelly tilted her head toward me, one brow lifting as her expression hardened. "And what the hell do you mean by that?"

"I said I would protect you all," I replied evenly. "And I will."

"Kid," Bryce said, shaking his head slightly as he leaned forward, "not that we don't appreciate the sentiment, but this is an entire gang we're talking about."

"And don't even start with their capes," Kelly cut in, waving the idea away with a sharp flick of her wrist, the outcome obviously already decided. "Without one of our own, we don't compete. That's just reality."

I understood where they were coming from. Lung was the kind of Parahuman I wouldn't have been able to touch in my old body, not unless I was holding an anti-tank rifle from a kilometer away and strapped head to toe in explosives.

Exponential growth in strength was a ridiculous ability, one that warped any fight into something unfair by default.

Still, none of that actually mattered, since I could just kill Lung.

I had already told them I would protect them, but words alone weren't enough. Without their acknowledgment, without their belief, my job would be infinitely harder.

So how do I make them trust my word?

Leadership, I'll trust your instincts.

"What is Night's Rest?" I asked calmly, the sharper words I wanted to use held back as I let them reshape into something that would actually reach them.

"It's a safe zone, an area where we don't fight," I continued, lifting my hands slightly as I spoke and letting my gaze settle on each of them in turn. "A place where men don't worry about being attacked, and women don't fear disappearing into the night."

They were listening now

"You are all part of this zone," I said, emphasizing the word as I leaned forward. "You all came here because you believed in us, because you trusted that these rules of peace would be upheld."

In the weeks I'd worked here, I'd watched people smile, watched laughter come easier when fear wasn't hovering over every conversation, and somewhere along the way I'd realized that this, right here, was what I actually wanted to do.

I wanted to help this zone that would have definitely helped me when I was a child in a dangerous world.

"I've seen what safety does for people," I continued, my fingers curling into a fist as I felt something stir beneath my skin, the weight of being a Calamity leaking into my voice whether I meant it to or not. "And I know this is worth protecting."

I looked at each of them, holding their gazes even as discomfort crept in.

"Answer me this," I asked. "Do you really want to abandon what's yours? Are you willing to just let go of this ideal of peace?"

Only Robert met my stare without flinching.

The rest hesitated, and I knew why. Even as they talked about leaving the city, I could hear the anger beneath their words, feel the grief and frustration that came with being forced to bow to the overwhelming strength that was the ABB.

"And what are we supposed to do?" Kelly snapped, her teeth clenched as she pushed back in her chair. "Fight here and die for a fucking ideal?"

"Be reasonable, kid," Bryce added in a low murmur as he rubbed his temple, "There's no version of this where we come out on top."

God, they still didn't get it.

"You're still members of Night's Rest," I said, and this time I stopped holding back the Calamity that wished to come to the surface.

The transformation rolled through me slowly. My frame expanded as muscle pressed against fabric, the chair beneath me creaking faintly as my weight shifted. My skin darkened into an ashy red, heat radiating outward as a single horn pushed through my forehead.

The room fell silent.

"Oh my," Mr. Hong murmured, the only one who seemed capable of speech as the others stared with wide eyes.

"Ah," Robert huffed, nodding to himself as if something had finally clicked into place. "So you were a Parahuman."

"'Ah' my fucking ass," Kelly snapped, half rising from her chair, agitation flashing across her face. "You're a Parahuman, Flatline? Why the hell would you just show us something like that?"

"Because I will protect you," I said, my voice deeper now, resonant enough that it seemed to settle into the walls themselves.

There was a heavy silence after my words, thick enough to pull everyone out of their spiralling thoughts and leave them simply staring at me.

"If capes are what we need to level the playing field," I continued, my voice steady as I let the moment stretch just enough, "then that's what we'll do."

In this world, Parahumans made up the strongest concentration of power in any organization worth a damn. Gangs rose and fell around them, built their reputations on them, and feared them. If I were one, then that alone would be enough to become a stabilizing pillar for the smaller groups who were already planning to leave.

"Fuck, you're—" Bryce started, then broke off into a disbelieving laugh as he dragged a hand down his face. "Even if you're a cape, how exactly are you planning to fight the entire ABB just to protect a safe zone?"

"I'll need help," I answered without hesitation.

At the end of the day, I was still one person. Until the Gacha decided to hand me the ability to exist in two places at once, I could only be where I was, and that limitation mattered more than raw power at the moment.

Their help, specifically, would smooth things out a lot. These weren't nobodies. They were the leaders of the main non-Parahuman gangs in the area, and if they stood together against the ABB, it would only be a matter of time before the smaller groups were folded into them, whether out of necessity or survival instinct.

"You want our help?" Mr. Hong asked, his round face tilting slightly as he studied me.

"Yes."

"And what's in it for us?" Bryce asked, blunt as ever.

I didn't begrudge him the question. They lived as criminals, after all, and doing things for free was a quick way to end up used, discarded, or buried.

Well, if you were weak enough for that to happen.

"Expansion of the neutral zone," I said. This time, I followed the path Leadership laid out for me, letting the idea unfold naturally instead of forcing it. "I want your help taking ABB territory and turning it into ours."

The silence that followed wasn't empty, this time as they all thought over my words.

"Ours?" Kelly repeated, her eyes narrowing slightly.

I nodded. "The neutral zone is a place of protection first and foremost, isn't it?"

"I said it before, and I'll say it again," I continued, lifting my hand slightly as the glass looked almost too small in my partially transformed grip. "I will protect everyone who falls under our jurisdiction."

The weight of my presence lingered following my words.

"And since I started working here," I said, letting my gaze move across them, "I saw you all for what you really are. People who come here to laugh, to drink, to breathe without fear of a bullet to the back."

I finished the last sip of water and set the glass down before lifting my eyes again, focused now, intent enough to pin each of them in place.

"So, here's the question," I said quietly. "Will you fight for that? For the chance to smile again as you did before tonight?"

They sat with it. I had just asked them to unite and stand against one of the largest, most entrenched gangs in Brockton Bay.

But my words didn't waver, because they were the truth, because the people before me were under my protection, and I needed help to protect others.

"Yes," Robert said at last. "I will."

Yeah, I thought you would be the first one to agree, Boss.

He met my gaze, and the fire there mirrored my own. This was a man who had survived in a city full of monsters without ever becoming one himself, a normal human who had learned how to stand his ground among giants.

"Ah, what the hell?" Bryce said, laughing as he slammed his drink onto the table. "I like this place—no, scratch that, I love this place. Where else am I gonna drink without a gun pointed at my head?"

"Ugh," Kelly muttered, shaking her head as if annoyed with herself. "You bastards would have way too much fun without me." Then she grinned, fingers idly brushing against her holsters. "Count me in."

"Hohoho," Mr. Hong chuckled softly, eyes gleaming. "It seems everyone is rather fired up. Very well, then. I shall throw my hat into the ring as well."

Good. This was good.

Leadership really was a terrifyingly useful skill. Rallying people by identifying what they already wanted, what they were afraid to lose, felt almost effortless once I stopped fighting the instinct.

None of them wanted to leave now. All three knew exactly what was at stake, knew that staying meant risking everything they had built.

But none of them wanted to lose this place.

None of them truly wanted to give up this small, fragile slice of heaven they'd carved out in the middle of this shithole of a city that seemed determined to crush it.

The threat the ABB posed was dire, not because of numbers or territory, but because of the strength Lung represented. If I wanted others to rally behind my commands, then words alone wouldn't be enough. I needed to show them something greater, something undeniable.

"Well," Kelly said, leaning back slightly in her chair as she eyed me, "we've got one cape on our side already, which is a pretty big deal. If we're really committing to this, we can't just send you off to handle every little thing—"

"My power isn't limited to this," I cut in before she could steer the conversation further down that path.

"Oh?" Mr. Hong asked, curiosity sharpening his tone as he looked between us.

"This transformation," I said, gesturing faintly to myself, "is that of an Oni."

Understanding flickered across Mr. Hong's face almost immediately.

"I see," he said, nodding slowly. "Not only a physical transformation, but accompanying abilities as well?"

"Oni?" Bryce asked, blinking. "You're gonna have to help me out here."

"In Japanese folklore," Mr. Hong explained smoothly, "Oni are mythological beings of immense spiritual power, often associated with strength, calamity, and excess. Creatures said to live on sake and meat."

That tracked a little too well, honestly. I wasn't surprised Mr. Hong knew this; he struck me as the kind of man who studied mythology as a way to better understand the cultures he dealt with.

"You're correct," I said. "My power reflects the mythological aspect more than anything else."

I lifted both hands. A small flame bloomed at the tip of my fingers on one side, wavering gently in the air, while with the other, I twisted my wrist and pulled a glob of water from the bottle at the side, letting it float lazily above my palm.

Explaining the entire Gacha system would have been a nightmare, not to mention completely unbelievable, so Leadership nudged me toward easing them into the idea instead. I didn't enjoy lying to them like this, but telling the outright truth would be basically game over on this front.

"Damn," Bryce muttered, eyes never leaving my hands. "You really won the power lottery."

A short huff of laughter escaped me despite myself.

If only he knew.

"But that's not all."

"Of course, there's more," Bryce said flatly. I ignored him.

"My power doesn't just allow me to turn into a monster," I continued, letting my gaze pass over all four of them, making sure I had their attention.

Robert caught on instantly. "You can transform others as well."

"Whoa, whoa—" Kelly said, sitting forward now. "You can give people powers?" She hissed the words out, eyes wide.

That reaction was fair. From what I'd gathered, Parahuman abilities couldn't be artificially induced; they only manifested through traumatic, accidental circumstances.

By the way, that had been a bitch and a half to find, and I honestly only found out through Pritt when she caught me looking through her phone.

"Fucking hell," Bryce breathed, eyes wide, before narrowing slightly as tension crept into his posture. "This isn't some Teacher bullshit, is it?"

That name meant absolutely nothing to me.

The Narrative, as always, filled in the gaps.

Teacher: a Parahuman capable of granting others Thinker and Tinker abilities through touch, with the downside that recipients became susceptible to his manipulation.

Ah. Yeah. That would explain the concern.

Unfortunately, there was nothing I could say or show that would definitively reassure them. All I had was my word.

So I leaned into Leadership, into the Oni's straightforward nature, and spoke with nothing but honesty.

"No."

"Alright."

Well. That was easy.

"Way too easy!" Kelly remarked, shooting Bryce a look.

"Listen," Bryce said, crossing his arms as he leaned back, looking unusually thoughtful, "at the end of the day, this guy stared down the end of a gun's barrel for us. I say he's earned a little trust."

"…I really don't like it when you make sense, it feels gross."

Bryce shot her a glare. She responded with a grin full of teeth.

"But who will you give this to?" Robert asked. His expression hadn't shifted at all, even as the others bickered, his gaze steady and unwavering.

If this were anyone else, I might've thought he was pressuring me to choose him. Knowing Robert, though, it was just his face.

"The four of you."

"All of us?" Mr. Hong asked, surprise breaking through his composure as Bryce and Kelly turned toward me in shock.

"Yes."

For a second, none of them seemed to know what to say. The silence stretched just long enough to get uncomfortable before Mr. Hong let out a soft, amused laugh and pushed himself up from the table.

"Robert," he asked casually, already turning toward the cabinets lining the wall, "do you happen to have any sake here?"

My boss raised an eyebrow, watching him rummage through shelves like he owned the place. "On the right," he said after a moment, nodding toward a higher cabinet. "There's a good bottle there. Haven't opened it yet."

Without hesitation, the jolly sage retrieved it, along with five small cups, setting them down with deliberate care. One for each of us.

Even as he began pouring, the room felt strange, all of us watching him with varying degrees of confusion as the clear liquid filled each cup. The faint, sharp scent hit my nose almost immediately, and my Oni instincts perked up in a way that was deeply unhelpful.

"Hohoho," Mr. Hong chuckled, settling back into his seat as if this were all perfectly normal. "You see, since Mr. Rodrigues is being so generous with us, how about we observe a tradition that reflects the origins of his power?"

"Sake…" I muttered, eyes glued to the cup in front of me. "A Japanese tradition?"

I wanted to drink it. Badly. The smell alone had my mouth watering, and it took a frankly unreasonable amount of willpower not to grab the bottle and down it outright.

"Indeed," Mr. Hong said pleasantly. "It is called Sakazuki. A ritual of initiation, used to forge connections within groups and gatherings."

For some reason, he shot a knowing look toward Bryce and Kelly. Both of them were already grinning as they picked up their cups, far too eager for my liking, but I was occupied with other things.

"And," he continued, voice calm that I should have seen through it if my mind wasn't focused on the alcohol, "it is especially important when one presents oneself before their leader."

My brain stalled.

"What?" I asked flatly.

"Indeed, it's used even today back in the cities of Japan as a form of communion, a ritual to form bonds between subject and leader."

"Yes," Mr. Hong went on, completely unfazed. "It is still practiced today in certain circles in Japan, a form of communion meant to solidify bonds between leader and subject."

"Hold on," I tried, my eyebrow twitching as alarms went off in my head.

Unfortunately, no one paid me the slightest bit of attention.

I stared at the four people across from me with a dead, hollow expression, which they returned with matching grins that were very clearly at my expense. Then, as if they had rehearsed this ahead of time, all four of them raised their glasses.

"A toast to our newest bossman!" Bryce announced

"Banzai!" Mr Hong cheered along.

"Yooho!" Kelly rallied alongside him.

"Hmm," Robert simply hummed approvingly.

As they chugged down their drinks, I could only blink down at my own cup, filled with Sake.

Bob.

I know this is somehow your fucking fault.


[FEAT: Became the Villainous Leader of a Gang!

1x Random Platinum Gacha Ticket]

​


Fix this shit.

[Kure]

|Uncommon Trait|

Kengan Ashura - You are a Member of the Kure Clan, a clan of people selectively bred to be assassins and martial artists. Your genes grant you increased physical abilities, greater physical growth, and better combat instincts. You can also use the skill "Removal", which removes the natural limiters the brain has to stop you from using all 100% of your physical strength in order not to hurt yourself. You can increase your removal percentage by training.

​
…Okay then.

Am I just becoming some kind of mixed baby made out of every special bloodline in existence? First Rodrigues, now Kure, and this one's Japanese too.

Still, this came with a ridiculous number of upsides. Not for a normal human—because I crossed that line ages ago—but for my boosted Rodrigues form and my Oni transformation? This was huge.

Ignoring physical limiters without worrying too much about self-damage, thanks to regeneration?

Yeah. I'll take that.

[All-purpose tool]

|Trash Item|

DnD - A screwdriver that shapes itself into any mundane tool such as hammers, knives, chisels, etc.

​
…Huh.

I wonder if this works on Tinker tech. From what I'd gathered, Tinkers were the tech-based Parahumans, right?

Then again, it specifies mundane tools, and I seriously doubt Tinkers deal in anything mundane at all.

Alright. You're going into the forgotten corner of my soul until I randomly remember you exist.

[Genderswap]

|Common Ability|

Allows you to swap your gender and the genders of those who don't or can't resist your ability. The swapped gender version will usually be in a form that you yourself find attractive. You could also go halfway if need be.

​

…

Nope.

I'm ignoring this.

I really, really hope the Silver rolls don't start giving me anything horny.

That thought made me pause, long enough to realize that my newest subordinates—ugh—were still drinking like nothing had happened.

I briefly considered the pros and cons of escaping through a window, but that train of thought died quickly. I'd already shot myself in the foot here. And hadn't I just told myself I needed to be their pillar?

I guess it made sense that I ended up as the leader.

Ugh.

I'll finish rolling since I already started, then get back to reality.

Give me the Silver Advantage.

[Lightning Bolt]

|Rare Ability|

Release a bolt of lightning from your hands to the target that travels at the speed of lightning. Power depends on energy used.


Or

[Blessing]

|Rare Ability|

Allows you to bless yourself with holy energy, bolstering all attributes for one hour. Also increases resistance to curses and all ailments when active.

​
Hmm. I'll take Blessing. I already feel pretty well-covered on the elemental front, and between Flamethrower and Water Bending, I'm not exactly lacking options for raw damage.

Granted, it's an Ability, which means I'll have to wait a minute before I can swap it out for Flamethrower if I want to activate it first, but the effect lasts a full hour, so that trade-off isn't too bad all things considered.

I also have an Advantage Silver ticket for familiars from getting a date with Rachel, right? Might as well roll that.

[Orochi]

|Uncommon Familiar|

Jujutsu Kaisen - A giant snake shikigami that can quickly attack and ensnare its master's targets. It can burrow into and travel through shadows, allowing it to engage in surprise attacks to ensnare or bite targets. The power of shikigami scales with your own energy levels. Install Card Modification: Ally will passively gain Mover/Brute Power Set, and Changer Type Power Set to turn into Orochi.


Or


[Divine Dogs]

|Uncommon Familiar|

Jujutsu Kaisen - A pair of twin wolves capable of tearing apart targets with their claws and fangs. Each of the dogs can detect hostility and negative emotions and notify their master when they feel hostility directed toward them. Their powerful sense of smell allow them to track targets across long distances. As Shikigami made of your own shadow, their strength scales with your own. In addition, they are capable of going in and out of shadows. If you are strong enough, you can combine the two wolves into Totality, a far stronger version of both. Install Card Modification: Can be gifted to two Allies, gains minor Changer Type Power to have wolf claws and fangs, Thinker Power Set, Mover Power Set, Brute Power Set. Two Allies can also merge and fuse into Totality for a far stronger version.

​
Well, this one's easy. Two for the price of one is hard to beat.

It is a little weird that both familiars can move through shadows, though. Maybe they come from the same corner of the multiverse or something.

Without much hesitation, I pick Divine Dogs, and I feel the choice settle into my chest almost immediately, accompanied by the distinct sensation of two playful, energetic puppies. Yeah, that checks out.

Good. Now for the Gold ticket.

You know what? Active Gambler. I've been on a pretty good streak lately, so for once—

1! = Ticket destroyed!

​
…

Turn off Gambler and roll the Platinum.

[Dark Eater Midir]

|Elite Familiar|

Dark Souls - A descendant everlasting dragon that was raised by the gods and was tasked by Gwyn, the lord of sunlight to forever fight against the Abyss with its immortality, but eventually, it was corrupted by the Abyss in its eternal duty. While having lost his immortality, Midir is still very powerful and is capable of unleashing breaths of flame and beams of dark magic in addition to his giant and powerful body. Install Card Modification: Ally gains two phases. A partial draconic transformation grants a humanoid dragon form with Changer/Brute/Mover/Blaster Power Sets at half the strength of full transformation. Full transformation allows complete manifestation as Midir.

​
Hahahahaha!

How fucking ironic.

I'm gearing up to fight a dragon, and the Gacha hands me a dragon as an ally.

That's actually hilarious.

Now the real question is… who would even be a good fit for something like this?

Eh. That's a problem for later. I'll figure it out as I go; I've always been pretty good at improvising.

Right now, my main concern is dealing with the four people who just collectively decided I was their leader.

Time to get showy.

"Very well," I laugh lightly, and if nothing else, that finally snaps their attention fully onto me.

Honestly, I just wanted to get this over with. The faster we did it, the faster we could move on to actual planning. Unfortunately, Leadership had other ideas, nudging at the back of my mind and insisting that this needed spectacle. If I was going to empower them, I had to make them feel chosen, make the moment stick, make it something they would remember every time things got rough.

So, theatrics it is.

"You four are the first," I say, spreading my hands slightly as I speak, my partially transformed Oni voice rolling out deeper and smoother than usual. "My enforcers, my hands, and my advisors."

Their attention sharpens, eyes tracking me, shoulders straightening almost without realizing it.

"The generals!" I add, clapping my hands together once.

When I pull them apart, several Install Cards shimmer into existence, floating in a slow orbit around the table, each one glowing faintly with intricate artwork depicting the familiar sealed inside. It's unnecessary flair, sure, but if the looks on their faces are anything to go by, it's doing exactly what Leadership wanted.

Awe has a way of cementing loyalty.

"Mr. Hong," I continue, and one of the cards drifts forward, separating itself from the rest. "For you."

The Install Card depicting Jigglypuff glides toward him, and he rises slightly from his chair to meet it, carefully taking the card between his fingers as though it might vanish if handled too roughly. The moment he touches it, I feel the familiar resonance again, the same subtle feedback I felt when Rachel bonded with hers. Jigglypuff's presence is warm and cheerful, like it's greeting him with genuine enthusiasm.

Yeah. Familiars are definitely still conscious inside the Install Cards.

They don't seem unhappy about it, though, so I'll chalk that up as a win.

"This…" Mr. Hong starts, his voice catching slightly as he studies the card.

"Hahahahaha!" Bryce cuts in, leaning forward with an unrestrained laugh. "It's a ball of fluff!"

I can't even blame him for that reaction.

Mr. Hong, however, ignores Bryce entirely, his brows knitting together as he turns the card slowly in his hands, lips parting as he licks his dried lips.

"The monster within this card," he says carefully, "is alive, isn't it?"

Oh. That's new.

Rachel never mentioned anything about that, but then again, if Hellhound talked to her, she probably wouldn't bring it up unless I asked directly.

Bryce's laughter dies instantly.

"Alive?" Kelly says flatly, waving a hand in front of her face like she's trying to brush the idea away. "Oi, don't say creepy shit like that."

"More or less," I nod toward Mr. Hong.

"Huh?!" Kelly's face crumples in real time, and I'll admit, that's kind of funny.

"Uh—hey, I'm sorry," Bryce blurts out, leaning closer to Mr. Hong while facing the card. "I shouldn't have laughed, that was a dick move."

The card flashes briefly, a soft twinkle of light, and Mr. Hong smiles faintly as he feels it.

"I believe it forgives you," he says calmly.

Bryce and Kelly both visibly stiffen and break out in cold sweat, the realization clearly sinking in that their cards will probably come with conscious passengers too.

"Is it sentient?" Robert asks, his expression unchanged, eyes steady on me.

It's a good question.

As far as I knew, probably not. From what I gathered of this feedback, Familiars should have been capable of summoning sentient things from across the multiverse, but upon being turned into Install Cards, I can easily feel the change; they are still sentient, but seemed to have been programmed with only the goal of helping their users.

"Think of them as partners," I explain, shifting my weight slightly as I speak. "They have limited sentience, but their primary purpose is to support their user. They adapt to you, not the other way around."

That seems to settle him.

"What is her name?" Mr. Hong asks, tilting the card slightly as if listening for a response.

…Did he just say her?

Guess he's already synced with it better than expected.

"Jigglypuff," I reply, keeping my face perfectly straight.

Bryce nearly loses it again, clapping a hand over his mouth while Kelly snorts despite herself.

"She can generate powerful sonic attacks," I continue, unfazed, "and put anyone who hears her song into a deep sleep. Just be careful, the stronger the enemy, the more energy it costs."

"Damn," Kelly mutters, staring at the card with newfound respect. "I take it back. That thing sounds terrifying."

And she's not wrong.

The ability to disable entire groups without firing a shot is absurdly strong, especially against normal people. Against parahumans it might struggle depending on resistances, but in a street-level fight? Mr. Hong just became one of the most dangerous men in the room.

"I believed that for you," I say, looking back to Mr. Hong, "someone who values peaceful solutions, the ability to end a fight without unnecessary harm would matter."

Leadership hums in quiet approval at the thought. Taking your subordinates' desires into account, showing that you understand them and have chosen for them rather than over them, was how trust became something unshakable.

"To use her power," I continue, "simply say 'Install.'"

Mr. Hong inclines his head in a small, respectful bow, fingers curling around the card with surprising reverence.

"For you two, the power is similar," I say, turning my attention toward Bryce and Kelly. A single Install Card splits cleanly in two midair, the image of the Bell Gargoyles separating into mirrored forms. Originally only supposed to be given to two of them, but I could now give it to six different people if I wanted to.

Hmm, with a bit of focus on the surplus of unused Install Cards at my disposal, I can afford to refine things. Weaving the unused cards into the originals, reinforcing them, strengthening what was already there instead of spreading it thin.

"Gargoyles," I explain, guiding one card toward Bryce with a flick of my wrist, "your bodies will become living stone, granting you immense strength and speed."

The second card floats toward Kelly.

"One of you breathes fire," I say, nodding toward Bryce, "and the other breathes lightning."

Both of them stare at the cards hovering inches from their hands, expression a mix of excitement and disbelief.

"And for you, Robert," I add, unable to stop the grin that creeps onto my face, "there really wasn't another option."

The Iron Golem card surges forward, cutting through the air in a straight line toward him. Originally, I could summon up to four of these, but now that number has doubled. Instead of distributing them, I collapse every instance into a single card, compressing their power into something far denser, far more durable.

Robert snatches it out of the air with practiced ease, eyes narrowing slightly as he studies the image.

"I thought it would fit," I shrug. "The Iron Golem is similar to the Gargoyles, but without elemental attacks. In exchange, your defence is absurd, something on another level. On top of that, most parahuman abilities will have a much harder time affecting you."

Robert nods along with my words, not minding about his lack of firepower. I can already see the hundreds of ways he's thinking about how to use such enhanced endurance in a fight. Grappling will probably be his best bet; a prolonged fight will be the nightmare of any enemy.

I give them a few minutes after that, letting them adjust and quietly connect with their new partners. Watching grown criminals poke, prod, and tentatively converse with glowing cards is… honestly kind of surreal.

Eventually, it's Robert who breaks the lull.

"Then there's only one thing left," he says, folding his arms.

"What do we call ourselves?"

"Well," Bryce shrugs, leaning back in his chair, "that's the boss's job, isn't it?"

"Just don't make it corny," Kelly adds flatly.

"I believe we should lean into the monster theme we seem to have going," Mr. Hong offers mildly.

I close my eyes.

A name. Something that could stand against the ABB, the Empire, Coil, and anyone else who thought they could carve us out of this city. A name that reflected the protection that I wanted to give, the name that inflicted fear into the enemies that dared go against it.

A name that will show what we are.

In my chest, the Oni heart begins to beat, thrumming, cheering, like a child that got to see its old friends once again after a long time.

"Our gang is built on the ideals of the Night's Rest." My voice is steady, even as something bubbles behind it, a fire that didn't feel wholly mine yet carried through with me.

"Those who share that ideal will carry the name of the Night."

I open my eyes.

"Yes," I continue, the conviction settling fully into my bones, "we are—"

The name that I never heard yet knew from the bottom of my soul.

"The Night Parade of One Hundred Demons."

Spoiler: Night Parade


AN: Alright! The Group has been made, the people have been found! It's time for the Oni to show its might to all of Brockton! By the way, I honestly thought we were done for Horny rolls, only to realise that I was a fool as I rolled for Genderswap. I also became cocky, and thought I could get a good gamblers thing, but rolled a one, so that was that.

It was hilarious how Samuel got Midir now, I just don't really know who to give it to? Like, I'm trying to think of a thematic way to have a dragon vs dragon battle, but I'm coming up on blank on who I should give the Install Card too.

The next chapter will be kind of a Slice of Lively mixed with the start of the next rally for the Night Parade. After the rally, we will have a few interludes of the various players reacting to the announcement.

Also, to those that don't know, Ura-douji has many meanings, but specifically, I chose something along the lines of The Demon Child of The Bay.

hmmm, maybe I should change the title of the story to that? I do admit that I didn't really care about the title when I started writing.

Anyways, hope you all enjoyed the chapter, and have a nice day out there!
Last edited: Feb 11, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, EvilSmirk, MrLusty and 1,312 others
PassingBy
Feb 10, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 12: A bit of Slice of Life sprinkled
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Feb 27, 2026
Add bookmark
#550
POV: Samuel Rodrigues

Date: 17th​ of March, 2011

[FEAT: Gather a following of 10 goons
[1x Random Bronze Gacha Ticket]

[FEAT: Gather a following of 50 goons
1x Random Silver Gacha Ticket]

[FEAT: Gather a following of 100 goons
1x Random Gold Gacha Ticket]
​

Seems like everyone else is doing their part.

After last night, we all came to the same conclusion: there's no time to waste. The ABB isn't going to take my declaration lying down, and a gang war is looming whether we like it or not. Without support from the smaller gangs, the fight becomes significantly harder.

So with that in mind, Mr. Hong, Kelly, and Bryce spread the word to the smaller non-cape outfits around the Bay. They told them about the confrontation, about what the ABB is planning, and about the very real fact that if Night's Rest falls, there won't be a future for any of them here.

If they're going to survive this, a united front is necessary.

Of course, not everyone is going to swallow that at face value, which is why tomorrow evening there's going to be a rally. A proper one. I'll lay out my intentions, explain what it means to stand under the Night Parade's banner, and hopefully convince them that joining us isn't suicide.

Talking in front of a crowd will be a first for me. I tilt my head slightly at the thought, imagining a sea of faces staring back. It can't be that hard, right? I just need enough presence and power behind my words. Leadership kind of has a bit of that in mind. Give the right path, and the rest will follow.

That's tomorrow's problem.

Right now, it's Friday.

And I have a date.

After we realized we never actually coordinated anything, Rachel tracked me down—which, in this case, meant she waited silently near the entrance of our house until I came back from work, arms folded and expression unreadable. We decided Friday night would work.

Robert gave me a strange look when I asked for the day off, before he told me Night's Rest would be closed while dealing with this gang war at our doorstep.

Which means I'm technically not making money tonight.

Not that I need it.

The magical Hot Spring has been a massive hit, and somehow, there's already over ten thousand dollars sitting in my bank account. An account I never opened, but apparently came bundled with the building itself.

I even have a credit card now!

Still not sure how that works.

After doing a bit of research, I found out that real hot springs need geothermal energy or volcanic activity to function properly.

Turns out parahumans work just fine as substitutes.

Apparently, a few years ago, there was a massive fight here in Brockton Bay. One parahuman who could create superheated stone clashed with another who manipulated space in some bizarre way. The aftermath left an area so unstable that nothing could be built on it.

There were a few tries on moving the area, until Brockton Bay realised that it was already falling apart in other places; it quite literally could not be bothered to fix this one spot.

So an area made entirely of superheated materials had been cordoned off, burning for almost a decade.

Until a few years later, when an ambitious older Japanese refugee decided he wanted to see a piece of his culture thrive in this city. After a lot of work, he used that scarred foundation to build the Hot Spring. He passed away a few months ago, and with no family to inherit it, it was sold.

I am now the sole owner of it.

How did I buy it? Good question.

With what money? Even better question.

I have absolutely no idea if that story is real or if the Gacha just rewrote reality so the Hot Spring would make sense.

It's better not to think about it too hard.

On a different topic, I also finally bought a phone, after repeated insistence from my—ugh—subordinates.

They stared at me like I'd grown a second head when I said I was getting a Nokia. I was then democratically overruled and forced to buy something modern.

These young people and their obsession with thin phones and tiny games.

Back in my day, a good phone was one you could use to bludgeon someone to death and still make a call afterward.

At least this one tells time.

13:04.

A bit early compared to when we agreed to meet, but Leah had emphasized—very emphatically—that arriving early shows commitment or seriousness or something along those lines.

I stopped paying attention halfway through her opening her mouth.

I adjusted the collar of the outfit Victoria had picked out for me. As much as I dislike that Goldilocks, I have to admit her fashion sense is leagues ahead of mine. The clothes fit well, tailored enough to look intentional without trying too hard.

Spoiler: Samuel (Vicky Style: Date)

Now I just had to wait for—

[FEAT: Have someone masturbate to the thought of you. Multiple times. Like man, what a gooner.

1x Random Advantage Silver Gacha Ticket]

​
...

I literally didn't do anything.

Sighing, I lean back against one of the public benches in the plaza, which seems to be the unofficial center of the Boardwalk. The sea breeze rolls in gently, carrying the scent of salt and fried food from the nearby stands, and for a brief moment, everything feels deceptively calm.

A group of older girls is gathered a short distance away, whispering among themselves. Every so often, one of them glances in my direction, then leans in to murmur something to the others.

Planning an attack?

Neutralize the one with long hair first, then reposition—

My thoughts sharpen automatically as one of them breaks off from the group. She walks toward me with a confident sway to her hips, posture straight, chin slightly lifted. My body tightens on instinct, muscles coiling under my clothes, ready to move at a moment's notice if this turns into something dangerous.

She doesn't look much older than me, maybe college-aged. She's undeniably attractive, wearing just enough makeup to accentuate her features without looking overdone. Her clothes are form-fitting in a deliberate way, flattering her curves without crossing into tacky, and let me tell you, she had curves for days, her chest was massive, and her hips were perfect. Long blonde hair cascades over her shoulders, partially covering one eye, and her lips are painted a bold red.

She looks like a model. Fucking hell, even compared to a lot of women I seen so far since I crashed into this world, she's definitely in the top percentile.

Also, how the hell does she see through that hair?

There's something about her face that feels familiar, a faint recognition… I am immediately annoyed.

Why?

She stops in front of me and tilts her head slightly, offering a slow smile.

"Hey, handsome," she says, voice smooth and practiced, "are you waiting on someone?"

That's new.

No one's ever tried to pick me up like that before.

Guess there's always room for firsts, no matter how weird your life gets.

[FEAT: Get cat called by a Parahuman!
1x Trait Silver Gacha Ticket]
​
Oh?

Now that's interesting.

I turn my head to look at her properly, and she blinks when our eyes meet.

Fun fact: if I want to, my eyes can look very wrong now, thanks to the Kure Clan trait. My sclera turns completely black while the pupils go stark white. The first time it lingered after I shifted back to human form, it scared the hell out of everyone.

I can turn it off whenever I want, but honestly? The eyes are an upgrade. My vision in low light improves, my field of view expands, and everything looks sharper. It's like upgrading from an old grainy monitor to a full 4K.

The Kure clan must have been terrifying. A selectively bred assassin lineage with physical advantages like this? I would've loved to test myself against them.

Since the eyes are useful, I didn't bother changing them back.

"I am," I reply, nodding toward the picnic basket at my feet, packed with the food I prepared earlier since Rachel and I agreed on a picnic. After that, I turn forward again, effectively dismissing her, though my senses remain aware of her position out of pure habit.

A parahuman, though?

Now I'm curious.

The Narrative isn't giving me any hints, but it rarely does at the beginning. Too many things had changed in terms of appearance in this anime-fied world.

"Ah," she stammers slightly, and the confidence she approached with falters as she shifts her weight from one heel to the other.

"Yes?" I ask, glancing at her from the corner of my eye.

"I—um, sorry, are you…" The more she speaks, the more uncomfortable she looks. One of her hands rises unconsciously toward the left side of her face, fingers brushing near the eye hidden beneath her hair.

"Blind?" I supply, faintly amused. "No. Just a birth defect."

Not even technically a lie. The weird eye thing is the byproduct of the Kure clan's selective breeding program to create better assassins.

I've been mistaken for blind more than once, and more than once I've used the genetic defect excuse.

It works.

Hmm, if people think I might be a cape?

Not likely. As long as I treat it like it's normal, most people are more willing to believe in an unusual medical condition than a power expression. Acting confident makes it mundane.

And mundane things are easier for people to accept.

"Oh," she says, clearly thrown off, her fingers brushing a strand of hair behind her ear as she searches for something to say next. "Well… they look very pretty."

"Thank you," I reply evenly.

A brief silence stretches between us. We just stand there looking at each other, and with every passing second, the confidence she must've gathered to walk over here seems to bleed out of her. A faint red flush creeps up from her neck to her cheeks, and she shifts her weight awkwardly from one foot to the other.

It looks like she's waiting for me to fill the silence. Like there's an expectation that I'm supposed to steer this somewhere.

That familiarity pricks at the back of my mind again.

And once more, I'm annoyed.

"I—I came over to see if you wanted to hang out," she says, her voice losing some of its earlier smoothness. "But I guess you've already got plans, right?"

Her gaze drops, unable to hold mine.

"Yes," I answer simply, turning my attention back toward the flow of pedestrians across the plaza while still tracking her through my peripheral vision.

Out of the corner of my eye, I see her shoulders sag slightly in disappointment. She exhales through her nose in quiet resignation, then quickly straightens up and forces a friendly smile back onto her face.

"Right," she coughs lightly into her hand, the gesture more nervous than necessary. "I'll leave you to it."

Before she can fully step away, I speak.

"What's your name?"

She pauses mid-turn and looks back at me, blinking. "Huh?"

"You remind me of someone," I clarify, tilting my head slightly. "What's your name?"

She lets out a small, awkward laugh and rubs the back of her neck. "This is kind of embarrassing now, but I guess it doesn't matter." Her posture firms up again as she lifts her chin. "Crystal. Crystal Eve Pelham."

Spoiler: Crystal

[FEAT: Meet the named character [Crystal Eve Pelham]
1x Random Bronze Gacha Ticket]

​
I hate this fucking curse.

Can I not go outside without running into someone important for one single outing?

Ah. There it is. The Narrative finally decides to be helpful.

Daughter of two superheroes, and member of New Wave, Laserdream. And easy going-

And now I understand why she was getting under my skin.

She reminds me of Victoria.

Forget personality and backstory for a second. What's her threat level?

Can fire crimson beams of energy, concussive blasts that are strong enough to effect large scale targets and destroy rubble. Lasers can be fired from hands of from finger tips, with enough control to burn a design into clothing.

Oh? And just like that, I'm more interested now. I have been told by many people at the bar that the flashiest powers were those who can shoot beams of energy, but I have yet to encounter any of them. I only researched them in my spare time.

Lasers huh?

Weird, Eradication Fist seemed kind of eager to see how she manipulates such energy.

Capable of flight, fastest top speed in Brockton Bay, at 140mph-

Narrative, speak properly; I don't understand burger units.

…220kilometers per hour.

That's legitimately fast. My blood boils at the thought of hunting something so quick.

The real question is whether she needs a runway to build up that speed or if she can launch from zero instantly.

Power does not give vertigo resistance. Must be used carefully or the user risks intense motion sickness on manoeuvres.

Ah.

Never mind then.

Can create crimson forcefields, but are relatively weak compared to the rest of her family. A simple unpowered strike is capable of shattering them. Force field can be shaped into anything Crstal wishes, but becomes difficult to manifest with more complex shapes.

So basically a similar set to Victoria, just with weaker shields that can extend outward, plus the added benefit of laser projection.

It's funny, actually. Crystal's power set feels more like Victoria's sibling than Amy's.

Then again, Amy was adopted, so Crystal and Victoria resembling each other makes more sense, since they are cousins.

There's a faint tug in the back of my mind, like the Narrative wants me to notice something deeper about this comparison.

I ignore it.

"I knew you reminded me of someone," I murmur, nodding slightly to myself as the realization settles. "You're pretty similar to Victoria."

Crystal raises a brow at that, studying me more closely now. "The way you're saying that, it sounds like you actually know her."

"I would've preferred not to," I drawl, letting a bit of dry annoyance seep into my tone.

She snorts, clearly entertained, and the corner of her mouth curls into a grin.

"That's new," she says, as if the awkward start to this conversation never happened. Without asking, she lowers herself onto the bench beside me, sitting comfortably close with an easy confidence. "Most guys practically trip over themselves just to say hi to Vicky."

Ugh. I genuinely do not understand why.

Also, why are you sitting down? Weren't you about to leave five seconds ago?

"I told you my name," she continues, shifting slightly so she's angled toward me. "What's yours?"

"Samuel Rodrigues," I reply curtly.

She freezes.

Not subtly, either.

Her eyes widen, posture stiffening, and for a second she just stares at me like I've grown another head.

"Oh my god," she breathes out. "You're the guy Vicky can't stop talking about."

Oh no.

I groan and rub at my temples, already feeling the beginnings of a headache forming. Why the hell is Goldilocks talking about me? It's been days since we spoke. I haven't even messaged her back!

Crystal bursts out laughing, shoulders shaking as she leans back slightly. "You are! Oh wow, this is great!"

"So what?" I grunt, not bothering to hide my irritation.

"Man, they weren't exaggerating," she says between quiet chuckles. "You really don't care that we're heroes."

Right. Most people shift their tone the second they realize they're talking to a parahuman. Some get nervous. Others try too hard. I just… don't.

"Should I?" I ask, rolling my eyes.

That only seems to amuse her more. She hums thoughtfully, looking entirely too pleased with herself.

"I guess not," she replies, sounding oddly satisfied.

There's a brief lull, and I glance out at the passing crowd before speaking again.

"Has the Raccoon been resting?"

Crystal blinks at me. "Raccoon?"

"Amelia," I clarify.

"Oh." Recognition dawns, and she lets out a small laugh. "Right, cute nickname. I haven't talked to her in a bit, so I'm not sure."

She bites her lip after saying that, and there's a flicker of worry in her eyes that she doesn't quite manage to hide.

I grunt under my breath. I barely know the raccoon, but I'd bet good money she hasn't slowed down at all. The amount of work she takes on would crush most people, and with my presence changing things, I'm not sure if she's more liable to explode now or later.

Crystal tilts her head at me, eyes narrowing playfully. "Are you worried about her?"

"No."

"That was way too fast!" she shoots back, pointing at me accusingly. "You know, movies make it seem like girls prefer the bad boys, but we also like it when you show a little concern."

Why are you pouting woman, you're older than me, act like an adult.

"I don't watch movies," I say, rolling my eyes again.

She jerks back slightly in disbelief. "You don't watch—who doesn't watch movies?"

"I did when I was a kid," I reply, shrugging faintly. "Lost interest."

I don't see the appeal anymore. I could be training. Cooking. Working. Doing something productive.

After the whiplash I got from cartoons and reality when I was younger, TV just started to feel like an escape, a convenient way to disconnect from reality.

And disconnecting had not been an option if I wanted to survive.

Crystal stares at me like I've confessed to living under a rock.

"Oh my god," she says, dragging a hand down her face dramatically. "You must be so uncultured."

"Movies have cultures?" I ask flatly.

"Movies are culture," she insists, sitting up straighter as her eyes light up. "They're stories told through visuals. The acting, the effects, the music—every piece is crafted to make you feel something. To immerse you in the narrative so you're right there with the characters."

I probably shouldn't have asked.

I glance at her sideways, watching the way her eyes shine with genuine passion. Surprisingly, it's in no way performative. She actually believes in what she's saying completely.

That kind of enthusiasm is rare.

I sigh quietly, but some of what she says sticks.

In this new life, I did tell myself I'd try to live it differently.

I guess I can give it a shot.

"Fine, take me to the movies one of these days then," I relent, closing my eyes.

"T-take you?" Crystal blinks; she looks genuinely flustered. "Like… on a date?"

She frowns slightly, clearly overthinking it.

Also, dates are a thing only for friends and lovers, right? So, it wouldn't be a date, since we are neither of those things.

"No," I clarify, waving a hand dismissively. "Just hanging out. You can invite the Raccoon and Goldilocks too. That way Goldi won't harass me for not texting her the second I got a phone."

Crystal stares at me for a moment, then bursts into laughter, the tension visibly draining from her shoulders.

"Okay, okay!" she says brightly, leaning a little closer. "Then let me get your number."

We exchange numbers without much trouble. A strange circular app pops up on my screen, and apparently, thanks to Tinker tech, phones are more advanced than they have any right to be. All we have to do is tap them together and hit 'share number,' and a connection link is automatically sent.

I have absolutely no idea how it works.

I also do not want to know.

[FEAT: Manage to set up a 'not date' with three girls who are family
1x Advantage Random Silver Gacha Ticket]
​
Is that really supposed to be difficult?

It didn't feel difficult.

Crystal bounces to her feet in one smooth motion, clearly energized by whatever she's imagining now.

Of course, that's when one of my more insidious traits decides to make a comeback.

As she stood, her shirt caught on a small metal edge sticking out from the bench. She didn't notice. So when she straightened fully, the fabric pulled tight against her body before she realized something was wrong.

"Uwah!" she yelps, twisting slightly as she tries to free herself.

With a sharp tug, the fabric finally gives.

Unfortunately, so does her balance.

She stumbles forward and lands squarely on top of me, her weight settling onto my lap. I could have dodged it, but I felt kind of bad since this was my fault.

Spoiler: Clumsy Crystal

There's a brief, very noticeable moment where her body presses firmly against mine, soft and warm, and I have to actively rein in an animalistic spike of instinct before it can get out of hand.

I catch her easily, arms wrapping around her waist to keep her from falling further.

Lucky Pervert. Of course it had to resurface now.

"Careful," I sigh, steadying her. It's not even her fault. This is practically scripted by the Gacha at this point.

Crystal, however, reacts like she's just been struck by lightning.

She goes completely still in my arms, eyes wide and unfocused as if her brain has short-circuited. Her face floods red so quickly it's almost impressive.

"Hello?" I prompt.

The only response I get is a small, strangled whine.

Then, like someone flipped a switch, she jerks upright and practically launches herself out of my hold. I release her without resistance, watching as she stumbles back a step.

"Well! It was good meeting you, Samuel!" she blurts out at machine-gun speed, her smile stretched way too wide to be natural. "I'll call you when I plan everything, okay? Okay! Bye!"

And just like that, she power-walks away toward her group of friends, who are already giggling and whispering loudly the moment she rejoins them.

Ugh.

What a random encounter.

And somehow it still loops back to Goldilocks and her apocalypse-starting adopted sister.

I exhale slowly and lean back against the bench again, rolling my shoulders as if that might physically shake off the last ten minutes.

No point dwelling on it. Rachel should be here any second.

I hum quietly to myself, eyes scanning the plaza out of habit. Even while waiting for a date, part of my mind is running simulations, calculating angles, exits, threat assessments for every person within the square.

After a while, though, even that gets boring.

…let's go Gambling, I guess.

Gambler, you're up first for the bronze tickets.

Roll = 11!

[Nothing Happens!]



[Crow]
|Trash Familiar|
A very smart and loyal crow companion with intelligence on the level of a human, she can look for and fetch shiny things or do things a crow could otherwise do, you can summon more crows as you increase in power. Install Card Modification: Ally gains the Changer ability to transform into a partial Humanoid Crow, a full-on human size Crow, or a small normal Crow, and the Thinker ability to find valuables.

​
Well then, this is very interesting.

At first glance, it doesn't look particularly impressive in direct combat. There is no supporting powers or offensive abilities, and the strength of a crow isn't really anything to brag about.

But right now, combat isn't everything. In fact, it's not important at all.

After all, when it comes to direct firepower combat, I can deal with anything. What I need from my allies is diversity.

Crows would make perfect informants. People rarely pay attention to birds unless they're being loud or stealing food, and they have access to places most humans simply can't reach.

Rooftops. Windowsills. Alleyways. Open vents.

They can perch and observe without drawing suspicion.

And most importantly, they can fucking fly.

The more I think about it, the more potential I see. If I scale this properly, I could have an entire aerial network.

Yeah. Ideas are forming.

Roll = 14! Change Ticket Type

[Random To Familiars]

​
Oh? Interesting, did the Gacha change to that because I'm more predisposed to getting familiar to increase the amount of manpower in my gang?

[Holy Cow]
|Common Familiar|
"Holy Cow!" Is a Holy Cow, quite literally, a large, healthy female cow that always lactates and can be milked for 10 and up to 50 liters of milk per day, depending on how well fed she is. Thanks to her holy origins, the milk she produces is truly extraordinary, having great health benefits, nutrient-dense, and of incredible quality compared to mundane milk. It can also function as low-quality holy water against unholy. Any children she has will mostly inherit her incredible genes and holy blessing. Install Card Modification: Ally gains the Trump power set, Woman will have their breasts size increased, Man will have their gender swapped.
​
…

{…}
​
I sigh.

There are layers to how unhelpful this is.

On one hand, infinite high-quality milk with mild healing and strengthening properties could be incredibly useful when using it in large numbers of allies for preparation against enemies.

But the Install modification is… something.

Gambler quietly turns off as I move on to the normal silver ticket.

[Harem King]
|Rare Trait|
You are a harem king to be, your preffered partners are more attracted to you and society as a whole does not see a problem with you having a harem. In addition, your partners do not mind you dating others either, they might still have their own problems but the concept of a harem isn't one of them.

​
Yes, yes. Bob is horny. We get it. Can we move on?

I rub at my forehead.

Multiple partners sound exhausting. If one wife is enough to drive men to madness, then how is multiplying that number supposed to help?

Though I suppose the sex must be good.

Hmm, a deeper part of me seems to be pleased with this Trait thought. An animalistic instinct that can be no one else but the Oni laughing, pleased with the idea of multiple woman for me to feast upon.

Guess I myself am horny.

Look what you did, Bob, you infected me.

Alright, roll the Trait Silver now.

[Charming Eyes]
|Common Trait|
Not to be confused with the mystical eyes of charming, instead of hypnotizing people your eyes are just really pretty.
​
Hah, at least now Crystal's compliment would make more sense.

I glance toward the reflective glass panels of a store across the plaza. It's a decent distance away, with people walking between, but with my enhanced vision it's easy to focus on my own reflection.

Before, the Kure trait made my eyes creepy as hell.

But now?

They're mesmerizing.

The white of my pupils seems to glimmer faintly, as if starlight caught in glass, while the surrounding black sclera frames it in a way that draws attention instead of repelling it.

…Dammit, that might be a problem.

They look a bit too mesmerizing now. I'm not entirely confident that 'birth defect' plus sheer confidence will be enough to convince everyone.

With an annoyed grunt, I suppress that portion of the trait. It's mildly uncomfortable, like dimming a light manually. My peripheral vision narrows slightly, and the edges of my sight blur just enough to remind me I've reduced something useful.

I can't quite make out the fine details of my reflection anymore, but I'm guessing they've returned to something closer to my original eyes, just sharper.

Next time I see Crystal, I'll feed her some excuse for my eyes.

Maybe colored contacts.

Eh.

I'll figure it out.

Roll the next advantage silver.

[Introspection]
|Common Trait|
You are very well aware of how you are. You know when you are affected by what effects, when you are poisoned, when you are feeling ill or uncomfortable. Nothing about you escapes your attention.

Or

[Digestive Expulsion Independence]
|Trash Trait|
You never piss or shit. Don't ask where all the waste in your body goes.

​
Give me that expulsion right now.

I'll admit, my choice is heavily influenced by experience. When you grow up without guaranteed access to a toilet, you learn very quickly how inconvenient biology can be. Back in Salvador, we had designated spots for the group of kids to use, but most of the time you had to improvise. Finding a place, cleaning up afterward, hoping nobody wandered by at the wrong moment. It was always unpleasant.

Beyond the hygiene aspect, there's the tactical reality of it.

Using the toilet puts you in one of the most vulnerable positions imaginable. Pants down, body relaxed, attention dulled, mobility restricted. It's an ambush waiting to happen.

More than once I nearly died because I was taking a shit and didn't notice danger approaching until it was almost too late.

…I might have chosen it a bit too rashly, but I don't regret it.

Removing a biological vulnerability is simply efficient.

Next advantage silver.

[Expert Acting]
|Elite Skill|
You are an expert actor, being able to skillfully portray yourself in the way you want to be perceived in order to invoke the emotions you want to invoke and hide the emotions you want to hide. It would take a real expert to see through your mask.

Or

[Bottle of infinite lotion]
|Common Item|
A simple bottle of slimy lotion that contains an infinite amount of lotion inside. Lotion must be squeezed out manually and trying to tamper with the bottle will simply break it.
​
Before I can even consciously evaluate the options, parts of me react.

Leadership is practically salivating at the thought of Expert Acting. The ability to present myself exactly how I want, to control perception and inspire trust or fear on demand, would be invaluable in building and maintaining authority.

At the same time, I feel the Kure and Oni aspects stirring with interest.

Which makes sense.

The Kure were assassins. Infiltration would have required persona shifts, blending into environments, and adapting speech and mannerisms to suit the target. Acting is survival for people like that.

The Oni's reaction seems surprising at first, until you remember that they are shape-shifting demons. Trickster-meatheads who lure humans into complacency before devouring them, so deception was just part of what they are.

What surprises me most is how excited Kama Sutra seems compared to the others.

Why would it need acti—

Oh.

Roleplay.

…

Right.

Roll the gold.

Gambler, help me out.

Roll = 19! Advantage Ticket!

​
Yes, Gambler!

[Pearl]
|Elite Familiar|
Steven Universe - Pearl is a first era gem created to be the perfect attendant. In addition to her superhuman stats, she has intermediate Cooking, Management, Weapon Mastery, Performance, Drawing, Discipline, Acting, Savoir Faire and Teaching. Making her the perfect attendant in almost all situations. She also possesses the standard gem abilities like storage, shapeshifting etc. You get to pick which pearl you get. Install Card Modification: Ally gains Pearl's skills, Changer Power, and Striker Power

Or

[Delta Stream]
|Rare Ability|
Allows you to call forth winds that turn the surrounding area to become very windy, enhancing the power and efficiency of all wind-based abilities.
​
That decision is easy.

Delta Stream seems like it can be useful- if I had anything to synergise it with.

Pearl, on the other hand, is versatility incarnate.

A superhuman attendant with combat proficiency, administrative skill, teaching capability, discipline, acting, and social refinement. That was amazing, and ridiculous at the same time. It was a type of multi-role asset that increases the effectiveness of everyone around her by a magnitude.

It's not even close.

The real problem isn't whether I take Pearl.

It's who the hell do I give her to.

That skill set is absurd. I'm not even sure I personally possess that many practical life skills combined.

I notice that cooking skill is listed under Pearl's abilities again, and I honestly hope I never roll something that overrides my own progress. It's been fun learning from scratch, figuring out new recipes, and experimenting with combinations until something clicks just right. There's something satisfying about building a skill slowly instead of just downloading it into your brain.

My gaze drops to the picnic basket at my feet, and I can't help the small smile that tugs at my lips. I made quite a bit for today, maybe more than necessary, but I'd rather have too much than too little.

I hope Rachel's hungry.

With all my selections finalized, I feel the weight of the Install Cards settle into my soul. It's a strange sensation, it's different now that I'm aware the familiars inside them are likely conscious in some capacity. When I focus on them, I can sense something subtle happening, like the older cards are greeting the newer ones.

It isn't words.

It feels more like impressions, faint emotional ripples brushing against each other in greeting.

I tilt my head slightly as movement in the corner of my eye pulls my attention away from my inner inventory.

Rachel.

She's weaving through the crowd with steady steps, eyes scanning until they land on me, and for a second everything else just… fades.

She looks beautiful.

No, seriously.

There's a brief full stop in my brain that I don't quite appreciate. It's like someone hit pause on my internal processing.

Spoiler: Rachel (Ft. Tattletale's help)

"You're early," she says once she reaches me, her voice even as always.

"Not by much," I reply with a shrug. "Had to grab a few last things."

I lift the basket slightly, and her eyes track the motion immediately. The way her focus sharpens reminds me of a dog spotting a treat, and the mental image makes me fight back a smile.

"That girl you were talking to earlier," Rachel says, tilting her head slightly as she glances toward where Crystal had been. "You know her?"

"Not really," I answer, looking back as well, though the group of college women has already moved on. "She catcalled me."

Rachel nods once, as if that explains everything. "She has good taste."

I pause at that.

It's hard to tell whether that was just Rachel being Rachel or if Harem King is subtly nudging things in my favor. She clearly holds affection for me, but there's none of the jealousy I've always assumed was normal in relationships.

Then again, my perception might be skewed. Most of what I've learned about relationships comes from dodging knifes from woman I slept with, and drunk men at the bar drowning themselves in mountains of beer.

"You look beautiful," I say honestly.

She's wearing a fitted grey shirt with jeans and a leather jacket that somehow suits her perfectly. Some people might expect a dress for an outing like this, but I genuinely think she looks much better like this. It fits her well.

A faint blush dusts her cheeks at my words, though she doesn't look away.

"You look handsome as well," she replies, her brows knitting slightly, which I've come to understand is just her default expression.

I smile at that. Being called attractive by someone you actually like feels completely different than hearing it from strangers.

"Right," I say, clearing my throat lightly. "Someone said this is usually given on dates."

I open the basket. A towel rests on top to keep insects out, and beneath it sits the extra addition I bought earlier.

I pull out the bouquet.

These fuckers were expensive as hell. Not that it really matters for me at this point with the cash raining in, but I reserve the right to complain about it.

Rachel takes them carefully, fingers wrapping around the stems as she stares at the red petals in quiet surprise.

"This…"

"C'mon," I say, standing up and picking up the basket with my other hand. I reach out and lace my fingers through hers. "The park's nearby. We can eat there."

I gently tug her along. She freezes for half a second at the sudden contact, then nods and tightens her grip around my hand as we start walking.

A soft resistance slows me down, and before I can ask what's wrong, I feel something warm brush against my cheek.

What—

When did she get that close? I didn't even notice her moving.

I blink, momentarily stunned, as Rachel pulls back just slightly after pressing a kiss to my cheek. My mouth opens to respond, but whatever I was about to say vanishes as I stare at her.

"Thank you, Samuel," she says quietly.

There it is again.

That strange mental freeze.

"You should smile more." The words left me before I can filter the thought.

She looks beautiful when she smiles.

Spoiler: Rachel (Smiling Edition)

Rachel's blush deepens instantly, and her eyes widen just a fraction.

Ah.

I said that last part out loud.


AN: I'll be honest, I was hoping to get on with the date on this chapter, but it kind of got too big on just these parts already, so I'll be delegating that to Rachel's interlude!

Also, random Crystal encounter! I had a few different characters in mind, and I rolled a roulette to see whose his Curse will pull for Samuel to interact with. Fun fact, it was almost Aisha, but it moved along enough to just enter Crystals side.

Anyways, I don't really feel like writing a whole date though, so maybe I'll skip it until halfway through it, then some +18 scene to finish things off, cause I feel like going freaky.

I seen what you guys said about Samuel himself using the Install Cards, and I'll admit, I completely didn't think about it, thank you all for the idea. I'll have the cool Dragon VS Dragon fight I wanted. Speaking of Install Cards, holy crap is Pearl a fucking jackpot for a right hand man type of power, just straight up gives you the best assistant you would ever need.

After that it's rally time, becoming a player in the big leagues, and then Interludes from other people.

Hope you all enjoyed the writing, have a good one! If you have any comments or questions, I'll see about answering anything!

I will now crash, because it's two in the morning
Last edited: Feb 28, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, EvilSmirk, MrLusty and 1,300 others
PassingBy
Feb 27, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 13: First time Date (+18)
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Mar 11, 2026
Add bookmark
#608
POV: Samuel Rodrigues

Date: 17th​ of March, 2011


We moved away from the plaza, leaving the louder crowds behind as we walked toward a quieter section of the Boardwalk. A small park stretched along the edge of the bay, the grass bright and healthy under the midday sun, with scattered trees swaying lazily as the sea breeze rolled in from the water. The air carried that faint salty scent that always seemed to cling to Brockton Bay, and every now and then the wind picked up just enough to rustle Rachel's hair as she walked beside me.

It was a nice day for once, warm without being suffocating, with sunlight reflecting off the water in the distance while gulls drifted overhead.

Despite that, the park itself was mostly empty.

I found that a bit strange at first. You'd think people would prefer sitting on grass with actual sunlight over the concrete and noise of the plaza, but apparently, most people liked crowds more than open space.

Personally, I preferred this.

It also helped that Rachel wasn't exactly the kind of person who could blend easily into a crowd. Her identity was known to the authorities, and even if people weren't actively looking for her, there was always a chance someone might recognize her. Because of that, she rarely went out to public places unless there was a good reason.

I had asked her once how she even managed to keep a permanent residence if the Protectorate knew who she was.

She had just shrugged, saying that her boss covered it for her.

Which, fair enough.

"Bentley is starting to shed," I mention casually as we walk across the grass, scanning for a good spot.

"So?" Rachel replies immediately, not even looking at me.

"He loves jumping on my bed," I grouch, shaking my head as the memory resurfaces. "It's annoying having to clean fur off it every single day."

Rachel snorts quietly beside me.

"Everyone loves jumping on your bed," she says, a smirk tugging at the corner of her mouth.

Which is true, unfortunately. For reasons I still don't understand, the dogs absolutely loved piling onto my bed like it was the greatest resting spot in existence. I would leave the house with a perfectly clean mattress and come back hours later to find it covered in fur and at least two dogs sleeping like they paid rent.

Still don't know why.

Still annoying.

But if Rachel wants to play like that, then we can play.

"Does that include you, too?" I ask lightly, keeping my tone neutral as I kneel down and start unpacking the basket.

Behind me, I heard a sputtered cough. It takes some effort not to smirk.

Rachel had been a bit awkward after that night together, probably still trying to figure out what exactly we were supposed to be now. That uncertainty hadn't stopped her from quietly appearing in my bed most mornings, though, even when I distinctly remembered falling asleep alone the night before.

At this point, I'm not even sure she's been using her own bed lately.

Not that I mind.

There's something incredibly good about waking up next to someone.

"Asshole," she mutters, dropping down onto the towel I spread across the grass.

The sunlight filters through the nearby trees, and the warm wind from the bay moves through the park in slow, comfortable waves. Rachel sits cross-legged on the blanket, leather jacket creasing slightly as she settles in, her short hair shifting in the breeze while she watches me unpack the basket with open curiosity.

"What did you make?" she asks, leaning forward slightly.

I can't help feeling a little proud as I start opening the containers.

A month ago, I could barely cook rice without burning it.

Now?

Now I can actually make full meals.

"I've got some sandwiches here," I say, which is technically simplifying things. Inside the containers are chicken salad sandwiches, caprese sandwiches with tomato and mozzarella, and a few turkey ones as well.

Rachel's eyes track each container as I set them down.

"Some small tortilla bites," I continue, placing another container between us. It's filled with cream cheese and spice filling, which makes it good for finger food.

She nods approvingly at that.

"And Mexican corn coleslaw."

The moment I open that one and place it on a larger plate so we can share, Rachel's face scrunches up immediately in visible distrust.

I sigh.

"Eat it," I tell her flatly. "It's good for you."

Grabbing one of the plates from the basket, I scoop a portion of the coleslaw onto it and slide it toward her side of the blanket.

Rachel takes the plate reluctantly, her mouth twisting into a small pout as she stares down at the food.

Honestly, if I didn't cook for her, her entire diet would probably consist of bread, instant noodles, and whatever random meat she managed to get her hands on.

Honestly, an incredibly unhealthy way of living.

No, I don't care if I sound like a hypocrite.

She hesitates for a moment before picking up the spoon, still adjusting to using one comfortably. After a second of internal debate, she finally scoops a bite and brings it to her mouth.

"…It's good," she admits.

Oi.

Don't look so annoyed about the fact that healthy food tastes good.

For a while we just eat.

The blanket shifts slightly whenever the breeze rolls through, tugging at the edges of the containers spread between us, and I occasionally reach out to steady something before it tips. But outside of that, it's a calm and relaxing experience.

Rachel eats with the quiet focus of someone who doesn't waste energy talking when food is involved, leaning forward slightly with her hair falling over one shoulder as she reaches for another sandwich.

While eating, my thoughts drift around, mostly focusing on how to manage a gang, something I have very little knowledge of, but Expert Management is already cataloguing perfect trade schedules and planning on how to make use of all the labor that I have received from my generals.

As if sensing my thoughts, Rachel swallowed a piece of her sandwich and focused on me.

"Something's on your mind." Huh, how did she notice it?

"I'm gonna be fighting soon," I reply easily. I didn't really see the need to be secretive about this, especially to my friend.

"Who?"

"The ABB."

"What the fuck?" She says flatly, "You want to die?"

I roll my eyes, "I already told you, didn't I? I'm the strongest, there's no one here who can kill me."

It was supremely arrogant to say that; it was even more arrogant to completely believe it.

But at this point, I severely doubt that there was anyone in the Bay who could contend with me. I did a bit of research against our enemies, and so far while dangerous, Lung seemed like a manageable threat.

Growing stronger as he fought?

Either kill him before he grows too much, or simply overwhelm him with greater strength. The only public max level of strength that I saw so far had been his showdown with the Protectorate when he arrived in Brockton Bay five years ago.

Of course, the Narrative also told me that he can go much bigger and become much stronger.

But it didn't matter.

I wouldn't lose after all.

"You're going by yourself?" Rachel ignored my previous words, "Even if you're strong, it's dumb to try and fight all by yourself."

"Nah, I have a gang." And one that was just growing, after tomorrow, we'll hopefully have enough manpower to fight equally against the ABB.

"…you're a gang leader?" She raised an eyebrow.

"Not by choice," I say with chagrin.

The traitor laughed at my face.

"How do you become a gang leader by accident?"

"I hate democracy."

"What does that even mean?"

It took a bit for her to absorb everything as I explained it in further detail, making sure to paint a vivid image of just how much I didn't expect to be named boss all of a sudden.

She looked at me as if I were an idiot.

"So," Rachel says eventually, chewing slowly before swallowing, her eyes narrowing slightly in that blunt way she has when she's about to ask something serious. "You're really doing it."

I glance up from the container I'm closing.

"Doing what?"

"Starting a war," she says flatly.

The funny thing was that she wasn't exaggerating in the slightest. There will be a gang war, and it won't just end at the ABB, because both Coil's Mercenary Army and the Empire will see a destabilisation, no matter the outcome of the war, and will leap like sharks after blood.

I lean back slightly on my hands, feeling the warmth of the grass through the blanket as I look out toward the water of the bay for a moment.

"The ABB was always going to make a push for the neutral ground eventually. I just made the timeline shorter." I reply after a moment.

Rachel grunts but continues to make headway in devouring the rest of the turkey sandwiches.

"You need help?" she asks suddenly.

I shake my head.

"If I do, I'll ask for help." And I'm being truthful here. Rarely was the day that I would ever admit to it, but rarely was also the time that I had someone to actually ask for help from.

It's a new feeling, and I can't say I dislike it.

She watches my expression carefully, trying to gauge whether I'm brushing her off or actually being honest.

The conversation dies down after that.

Rachel picks at the remaining sandwiches while I finish the coleslaw, and the warmth of the afternoon settles around us in that quiet way that makes everything feel slower.

After a bit, another thought occurs to me.

I glance over at her.

"Why didn't you tell me Hellhound could talk to you?"

Rachel blinks mid-bite.

"You didn't know?"

"No," I say, shaking my head. "I only found out when the others mentioned it."

"You didn't know about your power?"

"Did you know everything from the get-go?" I ask in turn. She scrunches her face before reluctantly shaking her head.

"You were the first person I ever empowered," I explain. "Back then, I didn't really understand how the cards worked yet. I've been figuring things out as I go."

Rachel seems to process that for a moment.

"Well," she says after a second, shrugging casually, "we talk all the time."

As if to prove her point, a faint glow flashes briefly across her chest.

A card appears in her hand a moment later.

The Hellhound card.

Except that it's moving, as if the figure below the surface was alive, I watch with curiosity as the wolf behind the illustration stretched on open grass.

Rachel holds it up casually between her fingers, the sunlight glinting across its surface as she glances down at it with a faint smile that softens her normally sharp expression.

"Hellhound's a good dog," she says matter-of-factly; the wolf in the card seemed to preen at her compliment.

I watch the interaction with open amusement.

"Have you tried the transformation yet?"

Rachel shakes her head, the leather jacket creasing slightly as she shifts her shoulders.

"Haven't fought anything dangerous enough to need it," she says.

Then after a brief pause, she adds.

"…but I kinda want to."

I raise an eyebrow.

Rachel looks to the side, unable to meet my eyes, looking faintly embarrassed in a way that's rare for her. And I think it's less about the topic, and more about how I'll react to her words.

"I want to know what it feels like," she mutters. "Being a dog."

That makes me chuckle quietly.

Rachel shoots me an annoyed look.

I lean slightly closer, lifting my hand and placing it gently on top of her head.

Her hair is softer than it looks.

"Good dog," I say casually while giving her a slow pat.

Rachel freezes for half a second before her face immediately twists into irritation.

She shoves me in the shoulder, the force is nowhere near enough to even move me, but I allow it to make me lean sideways on the blanket, scowling at me while her ears turn slightly red.

"Asshole."

Teasing her is fun.

Eventually, the food runs out.

Between the sandwiches, the tortilla bites, and the coleslaw that Rachel pretended not to enjoy nearly as much as she actually did, the containers end up empty one by one until there's nothing left but crumbs and a few stray leaves of lettuce clinging to the plates.

The afternoon sun has shifted slightly by then, lowering just enough to cast longer shadows across the grass while the breeze coming off the bay grows a little cooler.

I glance over to her.

"So, what's the plan for the date?" I say, brushing a few crumbs from my hands.

I didn't really have any plans beyond the picnic, because Rachel said that she would handle the rest.

Rachel blinks, before, as if remembering something, she hastily pulls out a folded piece of paper from one of her jacket pockets.

Then she squints at the paper, and silence continues for almost a full minute, my eyebrow slowly rising as Rachel keeps quiet, focusing entirely onto the paper.

A few more seconds pass before she lets out a quiet grunt of irritation.

"You read it," she mutters under her breath before shoving the paper into my hands.

I take the page and glance down at it, but before I can actually start reading, something occurs to me.

"You can't read?" I ask her easily enough.

Heh, we truly do have a shit ton of stuff in common.

Predictably, Rachel's head snaps up instantly, teeth baring at me, even as embarrassment and shame flow through her face, basically growling at me.

I shrug lightly, unfazed by the reaction.

"It's not that bad. I only learned how to properly read a week ago."

Literacy was still one of my favourite skills.

My words brought her short, "You did?"

I hum, glancing back down at the list while scratching my chin thoughtfully. "One of my powers helped with it."

Rachel stares at me for a moment, the anger fading slightly into confusion.

"I thought your power was turning into that monster." Her next question is obvious, "Then what's the rest?"

I lean back on my hands again, looking out toward the water as the wind pushes across the grass.

"Random stuff," I say.

[FEAT: Tell the truth about the Gacha to a Native

1x Random Silver Gacha Ticket]

​
Yup, though that would happen.

I don't really care for keeping it a secret; in fact, if someone were to ask, I wouldn't say the truth only because of how outlandishly it sounds. But at the same time, I wouldn't be lying, just not saying the full extent of my capabilities.

Well, to Rachel, I would tell the whole truth if she wanted to know.

She tilts her head.

"Random?"

"Yeah," I reply, "My power is kind of like gambling. I do things that it finds interesting, it rewards me with tickets that I can use to roll for power, skills or items."

Rachel is silent for a bit. I could see how her scowl returned, a resting face since she didn't know how to respond to my words, before suddenly saying, "That's bullshit."

"I know," I give a quiet chuckle, closing my eyes and leaning back to feel the sun, "Trust me, I know."

I'm not blind to how powerful the Gacha is. If ripping me through various multiverses wasn't the clue, then how it managed to retroactively change this world to make me the owner of an onsen would have done it.

And that was just from Gold Tickets. So far, I had one Divine Ticket, and it had given me my most powerful ability up to date. With it alone, I'm sure it would have skyrocketed me into the top percentile of this world.

"Then I don't have to worry."

"Huh?"

"With a power like that, I don't have to worry about you." She says evenly, even if her shoulders slouched a bit in relaxation.

Good, from the moment I explained my gang war with Lung, she's been tense, and even if she believed me to be strong, she still harboured doubts about being able to confront the dragon.

Understandable. I'm glad Rachel sees that I won't be so easily taken out, however.

After a moment, I fold the paper open again and actually look at the list Rachel handed me.

Got to the cinema, so you guys have something to talk about! (Choose a horror movie)

"Alright," I say slowly, scanning the writing. "First thing on the list says we're supposed to watch a movie."

"A movie?"

"Yeah," I confirm, "Apparently it specifically says it has to be horror."

"Why?"

"Beats me."


In the Movie Theatre

Rachel and I watched the movie with identical blank expressions.

On the giant screen in front of us, the female lead was screaming her lungs out while running through a dark forest. Or at least she had been running. Now she had somehow tripped over absolutely nothing and was crawling backwards across the ground while the killer slowly walked toward her with a knife.

She didn't even try standing up, just dragging herself along the dirt in a frankly pathetic display.

On screen, the killer finally caught up and stabbed the girl in the back.

She screamed one last time before collapsing dramatically. How boring, the actress was really bad, that was not how you scream from being stabbed.

I toss a handful of popcorn into my mouth, munching while watching flatly.

Rachel slurped loudly from her drink beside me, watching the scene unfold with the same unimpressed stare.


After the Movie

We ended up sitting on the curb outside the cinema afterward, the evening air cooling slightly as the sun started dipping lower behind the buildings. Cars rolled slowly through the parking lot while people wandered past us, chatting about the movie.

Rachel and I just sat there.

…

"…That movie was so dumb," Rachel finally said, frowning at the pavement.

"Super dumb," I agree immediately.

"Why didn't they fight back?"

"Or at least run away properly?"

Rachel glanced over at me.

"Why even ask if someone is there?"

I nodded slowly.

"Yeah. If you think a killer is in the house, why are you announcing your location?"

Rachel huffed in agreement.

Between the two of us, we completely dismantled that movie.

[FEAT: Go to the cinema with a girl!

1x Random Bronze Gacha Ticket]
​

After a bit of relaxation, go to a high-energy place to use up excess energy while competing to form closer bonds.

A few hours later, we were inside an arcade, bright neon lights flashing overhead while machines beeped and whirred around us.

Rachel stood beside me, gripping the plastic rifle of a zombie shooter game while glaring at the flashing red screen, having died for the third time this mission.

"How are you so good at this?" she demanded.

I calmly fired another burst into a digital zombie's head, the score counter climbing higher.

"Lots of experience," I replied evenly, without taking attention away from the wave forming, and I successfully brought her back.

Rachel's gun rattled as she shot a group of enemies, but her score was still nowhere near mine.

"That's bullshit."

"Those are the words of a sore loser."

"Fuck you."

"You already did," I answered without looking away from the screen.

Rachel choked on her next breath.

"What—!"

Her distraction cost her immediately as three zombies slipped past her aim.

My score rocketed even further ahead.

By the time the final wave ended, the results screen made it painfully clear who had won.

Rachel stared at it.

Then she turned toward me with the biggest pout I'd seen all day.

Worth it.

[FEAT: Set a new Highscore on Zombieland 3
1x Random Bronze Gacha Ticket]​

​
Later, once again, this time for Dinner

By the time we realized it, the sun was already starting to dip toward the horizon.

Somewhere between the movie, the arcade, and wandering around downtown with no real plan besides following that stupid list, the entire day had slipped through my fingers without me even noticing. When I checked the time and saw it was already a little past seven in the evening, I had to pause for a second and wonder how the hell that had happened.

Normally, I was painfully aware of every passing minute.

When you grew up the way I did, time tended to move slowly, every hour dragging itself forward while you kept watch for whatever disaster might try to kill you next.

Yet somehow, today had gone by in what felt like a blink.

Rachel and I were now sitting across from each other in a small restaurant not too far from the Docks, once it might have had a good view towards a bustling port, but now it's sight was a depressing slump of various ships capsized.

Warm lights hung from the ceiling, giving the interior a soft golden glow, while the faint smell of grilled meat and spices drifted through the air every time the kitchen doors swung open.

We followed the instructions in the paper here.

After having some fun, have a nice, relaxing meal in a private setting. Here's the address to a pretty nice restaurant.

The plates arrived not long after we ordered.

Rachel immediately dug into her fish without hesitation, while I cut into my own seafood pasta dish with a casual curiosity that lasted exactly until the first bite.

Then I froze.

Oh.

Oh damn.

For a moment, I just sat there silently, chewing, staring down at the food in front of me.

This was good.

No, scratch that.

This was really good.

Across the table, Rachel was already halfway through her plate, eating with the same focused determination she usually showed when dealing with enemies, and judging from the way her shoulders had relaxed slightly, she seemed just as impressed as I was.

I took another bite, slower this time, paying attention to the flavors.

The seasoning.

The texture.

The balance between the ingredients.

Somewhere in the back of my mind, a quiet, very determined thought formed.

I am absolutely stealing this recipe.

Without second thought, I dedicated the entirety of the powers granted to me to try to decipher all the ingredients of this dish.

"…Yours is better," Rachel muttered eventually, speaking through a mouthful of food while refusing to look at me.

I glanced up at her.

Then I smiled.

She was lying.

I knew she was lying, she knew she was lying, and the fact that she said it anyway made something warm settle in my chest.

Still, the comparison was humbling.

In the last month, I have improved a ridiculous amount when it came to cooking, going from barely managing not to burn rice to putting together full meals

But this?

This was a whole different level.

Which meant I still had work to do.
​

[FEAT: Acknowledge your place in the grand scheme of cooking

1x Random Bronze Gacha Ticket]​
​

By the time we finished eating, the restaurant had grown busier around us, evening crowds filling the tables while the quiet murmur of conversation blended with the distant clatter of dishes.

I leaned back slightly in my chair, stretching my shoulders as I mentally ran through the day.

Movie.

Arcade.

Dinner.

Not bad, not bad at all. I understood now why people loved to go to these 'dates' with their lovers and friends. I can't pinpoint any part of my life, this one or previous where I had this much fun.

I enjoyed it.

"Alright," I said after a moment, glancing over at Rachel. "I guess we should start heading ba—"

My sentence cut off abruptly when Rachel suddenly grabbed my arm.

I looked down at her hand.

Then up at her face.

Rachel was… bashful.

Which was strange, because Rachel usually looked like she wanted to punch something.

"There's one more place," she said quickly, her eyes flicking away from mine for a moment before returning with forced determination.

I raised an eyebrow.

She nodded.

"It's on the list."

Well.

That explained absolutely nothing.

Still, curiosity won out.

"Alright," I said with a shrug as I stood up. "Lead the way."

I stare blankly at the building before me, its neon sign falling to pieces, and the streets it's on not any better by how it looks like it's being used as both a garbage dump and urinal disposal.

"Rachel," I say slowly,

She avoided my gaze, "Yeah?" trying to sound casual.

"Why are we here?" I stare flatly at the motel.

Rachel scratched the back of her neck, looking vaguely annoyed at the question, mostly because she didn't seem to have an answer for it.

"It's part of the experience," she settled on.

"…What experience?"

"The list," she replied, gesturing vaguely with one hand before frowning slightly. "I think."

I stared at her.

Rachel scowled.

"Look, I didn't understand that part either, alright?" she snapped defensively. "My friend just said it's something couples do."

Blinking at her with half-lidded eyes, I glance at the motel, then back at her.

"…we have a house." I point out.

"…yeah."

"So why-"

"Because it's apparently different," she interrupted, crossing her arms while glaring at the pavement. "That's what she said."

I considered this explanation, and the fact that the friend who told her this was definitely the same one who wrote everything in the list for their date.

Which, seeing as how it was a resounding success, obviously, her friend knew something that we didn't.

"Okay, let's go in." Grabbing onto Rachel's hand, I step inside.

Behind me, I could practically feel Rachel's brain rebooting before hurriedly following along my paces.

I've only seen it once so far, but it was such a surprising memory that I immediately recognised the look in her eyes, the one that screams that she's about to explode with horniness, as soon as we entered our room in the motel.

Rachel's cheeks are already flushed, her façade of thoughtlessness cracking just a bit, and my enhanced senses can capture the scent of arousal in the air.

Checking around the room, there's only a chair and a large bed, with a TV attached to the wall. Without much pressing, I sit down on the bed while turning on the TV to distract myself for a bit.

A moan cuts through the air.

It's on a porno.

Ugh, what's up with all the bad acting I've seen today? The girl being fucked is fake moaning badly, and the guy isn't even fucking her right. Kama Sutra tells me how I could make her sing with the right directions.

I shut it off with a snort.

Heh, Rachel's even redder now, face burning while looking at me.

That stare thought, of pure need, quickens my pulse, heat pooling as I turn to her, "You brought me here so we can fuck again?" I ask bluntly, raising an eyebrow.

Rachel grits her teeth, her flush deepening, but she nods. From one of her pockets, she pulls out a string of condoms.

Spoiler: Rachel (Magnum bought)

…had she been carrying that all day?

They're labeled Magnum, and it hits me that I never told her about my little trick—how I can flip off my fertility. Mostly because we didn't fuck again, and the topic never showed up.

She catches my gaze and misreads it, grunting out. "These are the only ones I found that could fit you."

I snort at that. Yeah, I'm big, but before I got Kama Sutra, it was honestly a bother most of the time. Always had to be careful, or else I could seriously hurt someone.

Thinking I'm amused at her expense -which I am – she bites at me, "It was fucking humiliating buying them, okay?"

I smile at her, and she gulps, her throat working visibly.

"Then let me reward you," I whisper, drawing myself closer to her until we're mere touches apart. I close the distance, crashing my mouth against hers in a dominating kiss, claiming her tongue with mine.

I kind of figured out all of Rachel's buttons by now, how she acts tough and angry, reacting like one would expect a feral animal, yet at the slightest touch of pleasure, she melts into this surprisingly submissive little thing.

In fact, I'm half certain that it has to do with said 'feral' mentality.

Not that it matters, Kama Sutra's knowledge was followed as I dominated the kiss, pushing her back until she fell onto the bed, pinning her down as my tongue explored her mouth.

My hands slide up to her large breasts, sinking into the soft, heavy flesh as I massage them roughly, thumbs circling her hardening nipples through her shirt.

Spoiler: Rachel (Breast Playing)

"Hng~" she moans into my mouth, her body arching beneath me.

I grip them at the base, squeezing hard enough to make her tremble in my grasp, something that would normally be painful, yet Kama Sutra reassures me that I'm doing it right.

It proves correct when she gasped, hip lifting and flexing, a pulse of pleasure shooting through her.

"Hnf—Hgn~!" Her voice breaks, a needy desperate edge to it.

"Oh, look at that, your nipples got so fucking hard," I murmur against her lips, eyeing how those pinpricks stand out stiff and begging from her fleshy globes. "I want to tease them."

"S-sam—" She tries to protest, her hands pushing weakly at my chest, but I shut her up by biting her neck—not deep, just enough to mark her as mine, a sharp sting of dominance that makes her moan loudly.

As I pinch her nipples hard between my fingers, twisting just right, that's all it takes. She stills in my arms, then her hips buck wildly, lifting off the bed as her body trembles through a sudden orgasm.

"Haaaagn~!" she cries out, her pussy clenching on nothing, juices soaking through her panties.

Spoiler: Rachel (Breast Orgasm)

It still surprises me how powerful this is— Kama Sutra knowledge guiding my hands, amplified by whatever anime-world bullshit that crank pleasure to eleven. It's like every touch I give her hits harder, turning foreplay into a full-body explosion.

"Inside, please, I want you inside of me," Rachel pleads, her eyes locked on mine with sheer desperation, begging to have my cock buried in her. That needy look stirs something feral in me, the Oni inside trying to surge to the surface, hungry to claim her.

I push it down, breathing deep to concentrate, keeping control.

Our clothes are taken off in quick succession, and it felt good that as much as I looked at Rachel's body, she seemed just as enthralled at mine.

With a firm shove, I push her back onto the bed. She stares up at me with half-lidded eyes, her legs parting wide as I settle between them, exposing her dripping pussy.

Spoiler: Rachel (Presenting herself)

I slap my thick cock against her slick folds, letting her feel just how deep I'll go, the heavy thwack echoing in the room. It makes her even more excited—her breaths turn ragged, more juice leaking from her tight hole, coating my shaft.

Spoiler: Rachel (Presenting herself)

"C-condom," Rachel gasps out, right as I thrust forward just a bit, the base creating delicious friction along her entrance and sending a shock of pleasure ripping through her. It scrambles her thoughts, knocking a few loose and slamming others back into place, her walls fluttering in anticipation.

I don't need it, but I see no point in arguing when she's this worked up.

Rachel tears it open and rolls it on slowly, her fingers trembling as they stretch the latex over my raging boner. It's a bit tight, hugging my girth like a vice, but nothing I can't handle.

"You're big," she states, staring down at my sheathed cock, veins bulging against the condom, the head flared and ready.

"You made it like this," I say honestly, my voice rough. Seeing Rachel like this—flushed, submissive – its much harder to contain myself then I expected.

Taking every ounce of experience to not just pin her down and rut into her until I'm spent, pounding her pussy until she can't walk straight.

She trembles at my words, a shiver running through her, and I can tell she loves the idea of getting me this horny, her ego swelling even as her body yields. Kama Sutra whispers in my ear, guiding me on how to coax her further, draw out every whimper.

I lower myself, grasping her face to force her eyes on mine. As our gazes lock—hers shining with desperate lust and raw pleasure—I kiss her fiercely, tongues battling for a split second before I push forward and impale her completely.

She comes instantly.

"Aaaaaaghhhhnn~" Her cry rips from her throat, walls clamping around my cock with vise-like strength, milking me as her body shakes in my grasp. The shocks of her powerful orgasm ripple through her, pussy spasming wildly, waves of ecstasy crashing over her like she's drowning in it.

Spoiler: Rachel (Missionary)

But this is just the beginning.

Her pussy's still fluttering around my cock like it's trying to pull me deeper, those aftershocks of her orgasm making her inner walls ripple and squeeze in the most addictive way.

"You feel so good wrapped around me," I growl low into her ear, my breath hot against her skin as I hold myself buried to the hilt, not moving an inch until her body's done shaking through the haze.I can feel it as she clamps down on me further, her moans sending out as even the slightest moves that I make somehow translate into overwhelming pleasure.

Every tiny shift of my hips sends her moaning like a bitch in heat, those desperate whimpers vibrating through her chest and straight to my balls. Her slick heat clenches down harder, milking my shaft with greedy pulses that make my control fray at the edges—fuck, it's like her cunt was made for this, sucking me in hunger.

I feel it building already, that electric hum where her pussy grips me like a velvet vice, every vein on my cock throbbing against her spasming folds.

"Y-you're… at the b-base already," Rachel stammers out between gritted teeth, her voice a wrecked mess as another brutal wave of pleasure crashes through her, making her thighs quake and her nails dig into my shoulders.

"I can go deeper," I tell her, my tone rough. Kama Sutra urging me on, and I barely rein in the beast inside to keep from railing her senseless right then.

Rachel's eyes go wide as saucers, pure shock and lust mixing in her gaze. "Wait—oh fuck, Samuel~!"

But her protest dies on her lips as I don't give her a second to brace. With a sharp, brutal thrust, I slam forward, burying all ten thick inches of my cock into her sopping depths.

It slides in smoother than silk, her tight pussy yielding to me like it's starving for every goddamn inch, gripping my shaft for dear life as if it'll never let go.

"Oooooh fuuuuck~!" Rachel's cry rips out, her eyes rolling back in her head until only whites show, her body arching off the bed like she's possessed. And there it is—a visible bulge swelling in her lower stomach, the obscene outline of my cock reshaping her from the inside.

Spoiler: Rachel (Missionary, Bulge)

That shit shouldn't be possible without tearing her apart, but my powers twist reality just right; instead of pain, it floods her with high-level ecstasy, her nerves lighting up like fireworks, turning the stretch into pure, mind-melting bliss that has her drooling and babbling incoherently.

I can't hold myself back.

"You feel too fucking good, Rachel! Like your pussy's begging for it!" I grunt through clenched teeth, pulling back slow to let her feel every ridge dragging along her walls before I snap my hips forward again, grinding deep and hitting those sweet spots I know will shatter her.

My cock spears into her g-spot on every plunge, the friction building a spark that amplifies every sensation tenfold.

"Oooh! Oh, yes! Aaaaghn, deeper~!" Rachel's eyes snap forward, locking onto where we're joined with unblinking fixation, mesmerized by the sight of my massive cock stretching her pink lips wide, plunging in and out with wet, obscene squelches.

Her pussy's a leaking mess, juices gushing out in rivulets with each thrust, soaking the sheets and my balls as they slap against her ass.

Plap! Plap! Plap!

The rhythmic smacks fill the room, my hips pistoning like a machine, churning her insides into a frothy cream.

"S-Samuel, I'm—aghnnn~! Fuck, I'm cummiiiing!" She barely gets the words out before her pussy clamps down like a fucking trap, those powerful walls sucking on my cock with loving, rhythmic pulses, trying to drain me dry already.

It's like her orgasm's a tidal wave, her whole body convulsing as she squirts a hot gush around my shaft, the pleasure so intense it borders on agony for how good it feels.

Spoiler: Rachel (Squirting)

But I don't stop, I can't stop, so close to the edge as I am, I can't bring myself to slow down.

"W-wait, too much! It's too fucking gooood~!" She tries to beg, but it's garbled, drool spilling from the corner of her slack mouth as she grits her teeth, her eyes twitching wildly from the overload.

Her previous scowl that she usually wears is gone, replaced by this submissive, cock-drunk slut who's mine to ruin.

I can't stop—the pleasure's a roaring inferno, my control slipping as I piston into her harder, faster, my cock slamming balls-deep into her baby chamber with each brutal snap of my hips.

The tip batters her cervix like it's the gateway to heaven, her walls fluttering in endless mini-orgasms that keep her on the edge.

She cums again almost immediately, her body seizing up in my grip.

"Aaagh~ Aa-agh~!" Her screams turn into guttural wails, pussy convulsing so violently it nearly pushes me out, only for her to yank me back in with those greedy contractions.

"Guuh-" I breathe out raggedly, my tongue dragging over the spot on her neck where I bit earlier, laving the mark with wet, soothing licks that send fresh jolts of pleasure sparking through her nerves.

"Take it." I warn her, because she's not getting away until I've flooded her womb.

She barely processes my words, her mind lost in the haze, before I lose it completely. I pin her waist down hard, grinding my hips flush as my tip kisses her cervix like a lover.

Then I erupt—cum blasting out like a goddamn hose, thick ropes of hot seed spurting endlessly into the condom, ballooning it out with the sheer volume until it's swollen and heavy, sloshing with my load.

Spoiler: Rachel (Condom Creampie)

My cock twitches and pulses with each wave, my balls contracting as I pump what feels like a pint into her, the pleasure cranking the orgasm to explosive levels that have me seeing stars and growling like an animal.

"Aaaaaaagghhnn~" Rachel shrieks, her final orgasm hitting like a freight train, her pussy spasming wildly around me, milking every drop as if she could feel it through the latex.

Her body thrashes beneath me, squirting in messy arcs that drench us both, her walls rippling in ecstatic waves that drag out my release until I'm shuddering.

I'm left breathing ragged, chest heaving like I ran a marathon, spots dancing in my vision from the intensity. With some effort, I pull my cock free—her pussy clings to me desperately, that sucking grip almost not letting go, a lewd pop echoing as I slide out, strings of her cream connecting us.

Spoiler: Rachel (Finishing pop)

I grab the base of the condom, tying it off, and raise an eyebrow at the obscene bulge—it's fucking overflowing, heavy with cum that no normal guy could produce.

Definitely my horny power bullshit at work, turning me into a cum factory. Still, that felt beyond good—real fucking euphoric, my pulse thundering back to life already.

My cock, which hasn't even softened a twitch, stands rigid and throbbing, veins pulsing, ready to dive back in and wreck her all over again.

"Rachel—" I start, but the words die as I blink down at my lover.

Her hair's a sweaty, tangled mess framing her flushed face, tongue lolling out with a trail of drool dripping down her chin, eyes rolled back to show nothing but whites. Her body's completely limp, sprawled like a ragdoll, chest rising and falling in shallow pants.

And her pussy—fuck, it's a ruined masterpiece, swollen lips gaping and closing rhythmically on nothing, a fountain of her mixed juices leaking out in steady streams, pooling on the sheets.

Spoiler: Rachel (Passed out)

She's out cold, passed the fuck out from the pleasure overload.

…

Oh no, I overdone it, didn't I?
​
[FEAT: Give a Major Flaw [Addiction: Sex with Samuel] to a Main Character

1x Random Advantage Gold Gachat Ticket]
​
Fuck off, Bob.

​

AN: Okay, okay, in the end I actually did write the entire godamn date, yall happy with this slice of life?!

Also, a lot of smut, cause I was in a smutty mode I guess.
Next chapter will be Samuel preparing for the rally, and we'll see various other POV's from his generals, what they think and brief peaks at their backstories.

Thanks for reading, hope you enjoy it!

Took a shit ton of time to get all the AI pics, hope yall enjoy it!
Last edited: Mar 11, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, EvilSmirk, MrLusty and 1,195 others
PassingBy
Mar 11, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Interlude 3: The Shape of a Leader
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Mar 19, 2026
Add bookmark
#650
POV: Kellista Lee
Date: While Samuel is taking a walk in a picnic.

What the fuck is she doing?

No, scratch that—she knew exactly what she was doing.

The real question was why.

Kellista had always been simple when it came to decisions. If she wanted something, she did it. If the money was good enough, she did it. If the benefits outweighed the risks, she definitely did it.

And if something smelled like it might come back to bite her in the ass later?

She didn't touch it.

That was what brought her right back to the same damn question.

What the fuck was she doing?

"Move it, people!" Kelly barked, her voice echoing sharply through the hollow interior of the warehouse. "We've got shit to prep, and I don't see enough wheels burning rubber in here!"

The effect was immediate.

Her people hurried between trucks and stacked crates, dragging out stage equipment, banners, lighting rigs, anything that had been scraped together from whatever stores were still open and willing to sell without asking too many questions.

It looked messy.

Scratch that, it was messy.

But it was getting done.

The abandoned warehouse they were using as a staging ground sat in one of the worst parts of Downtown, a broken thing with shattered windows and rusted metal that was depressingly common in Brockton Bay, not worth fixing because nobody cared enough to try.

This shit smelled bad, dusty as hell, and the sound was off because of how empty it had been. At least now, with everything being moved in it was better.

This was where they were setting up for a rally.

That alone almost made her laugh.

When was the last time she'd even been to a rally?

…Had she ever?

Kelly frowned slightly as she leaned against one of the metal beams, arms crossed, while her eyes tracked the constant motion of her crew.

Her gang had never been that kind of operation.

They were small—just a handful of drivers running jobs, moving product, keeping control over a few key underground racing routes where the majority of the money came from.

There wasn't much need for speeches or grandstanding bullshit. Just engines cutting through the air, staying ahead of anyone stupid enough to try and take their slice, and simultaneously being quiet enough that none of the cape gangs decided to squash them.

And before even that?

She'd been a solo merc.

So yeah, rallies weren't exactly her thing.

Honestly, the whole concept used to confuse the hell out of her.

How the fuck could a bunch of members from villainous gangs gather in one place, and watch as their Villain bosses stand on a stage, and start preaching to a crowd without the Protectorate dropping on their heads the moment it happened?

It didn't make sense.

Not until she learned it wasn't about logic.

Because Cape culture often fucking wasn't.

As far as anyone official was concerned, tomorrow was just some kind of community event. What kind? Didn't matter. Hong was handling that part, and Kelly trusted him to spin whatever bullshit was needed to make it sound legitimate.

On her end?

She told her people they were getting paid to move equipment and manage logistics, which kept the information quiet on her end.

Of course, that kind of thin cover didn't actually fool anyone important. The cops weren't blind, and the Protectorate sure as hell wasn't stupid. When multiple gangs started drifting toward the same location, people noticed.

But that wasn't the point.

The point was plausible deniability.

A flimsy excuse both sides could grab onto, so nobody had to be the first to escalate.

Still, they're the Protectorate, right? Why the fuck would they not hit a major soft spot like that, even if the villains decide to escalate? It would still be a huge win on their end!

Kelly exhaled slowly through her nose, her gaze narrowing slightly as she watched a group struggle to haul a lighting rig into place.

Because hitting a rally wasn't just about breaking it up.

It was a statement.

It told every gang in the city that the Protectorate wouldn't allow them to gather, recruit, or show strength in public.

And that came with consequences, because unlike normal people, Capes can be truly destructive.

Because if the Protectorate started crashing rallies, then every other gang would start looking at their public events the same way. Charity drives, notable appearances, patrols routes—anything visible became fair game.

Nobody wanted that kind of escalation.

Not unless they were damn sure they could handle the fallout.

Because Cape culture, at the end of the day, came down to one thing.

Reputation. Both from villains and from heroes.

It was how Lung managed to rule through fear despite being a lazy bastard who barely left his territory, and how the Empire held onto nearly a third of the city with their matching outfits and bullshit ideology.

So at the end of the day, Cape culture was about swinging your dick, and the biggest one won.

And here in Brockton Bay? The Protectorate ENE didn't.

Which was exactly why they leaned on plausible deniability so hard.

At the end of the day, it gave everyone an easy out. The Protectorate could shrug, shake their heads, and say there was nothing they could have, while the gangs could pretend they weren't doing anything illegal in the first place.

A neat little lie everyone agreed to look over.

Of course, that doesn't mean the Protectorate will do nothing. Kelly wasn't fucking stupid.

With this many people gathering in one place, there were going to be eyes everywhere. Dozens of plants are easy. Some from the gangs, some from the Protectorate, watching everything and reporting back to someone else.

At least the short planning time for this rally would ensure there wouldn't be as many plants as there could have been.

In fact, having spies had been part of Flatline's plan from the start.

Most people would be cautious of having so many spies in their confines, but her newest boss wasn't one of them. In fact, he welcomed them, because it meant that his message would spread even further than just this.

Yeah, no doubt about it, Flatline definitely had a fat cock. Leah was a lucky girl, at least if she locks him up already, if Kelly has to watch another day of Leah stumbling around her crush, she'll force them into a closet herself.

Kelly let out a quiet, humorless chuckle as she pushed herself off the beam, rolling her shoulders as she looked over the growing setup around her.

She was trying to distract herself, but her thoughts kept circling back to the absurdity of the situation.

"And now I'm part of this shit," Kelly muttered under her breath.

She was the one responsible for moving everything to this damn warehouse, organizing the logistics, and making sure all this junk actually got where it needed to go on time. Her people were the only ones fast enough and reliable enough to pull it off on such short notice.

And she was doing it for free.

For. Fucking. Free.

"Uuuuuugh…" she groaned quietly, dragging a hand down her face.

Once again, the same question circled back around.

What the fuck was she doing?

This time, though, the answer came from a pulse.

A low, steady warmth spreading somewhere deep inside her chest, not physical in the way she was used to, but close enough that her brain tried to categorize it the same way anyway.

Some might have called it invasive, but connected as Kelly was to the source, she couldn't help but simply feel how comforting and reassuring it was.

As if someone was checking in to make sure that she was okay.

…Concerned.

Kelly let out a short, incredulous huff.

"Are you serious right now?" she muttered under her breath.

Fuck's sake, since when are Gargoyles empathetic? Aren't these guys made of stone or something?

Normally, a cape that could hand out power like cheap candy the way Flatline did would have her taking a step back.

Especially one who came with what truly felt like personalities and feelings.

This was the kind of shit that got people killed.

Except that, in the bond that she shared, Kelly could truly feel a connection towards the Gargoyle, a two-way street that was deeper than anything she had ever had.

Fuck, that's even more concerning!

…so again, what the fuck was she doing?

Kelly's gaze drifted back to her crew, watching them move in coordinated bursts of activity, hauling crates, assembling structures, setting everything up piece by piece. They finally set up the proper stage at this point, and she noted how the majority of the cars were much lighter now.

Her mind began to wander.

Her early life isn't exactly something worth reminiscing over; a drunk dad and an absent mom didn't make for good combinations.

Running away hadn't made things better either. Being a small, weak girl out on the streets just meant trading one kind of danger for another, going from one roof to another, a man simply grabbing her off the streets.

Except this time the guy wasn't related to her, so he fucked her a few times.

It took longer than she liked to admit before she found the nerve to push back against the bastard who thought he owned her.

In the end, it hadn't even been complicated. She grabbed a gun after he used her, slept, and with his guard down, it had been easy. She aimed at his head and pulled the trigger.

Problem solved.

That was the day she learned something important. A good gun could turn even a weak, scared girl into something dangerous.

There hasn't been a day since that she hasn't carried one.

Not long after that, Behemoth hit a nearby city, and the world went to shit in the way it always did when an Endbringer showed up. Amid the chaos, barely out of puberty and already done with everything, she joined one of the mass migrations heading toward the States, smuggling herself in.

From there, it was just mercenary work on her plate.

Young girl like her? Easy pickings, is what they all thought. So Kelly made them all become very acquainted with her guns, and a name for herself was made.

Mercenary work was tough, but it paid the bills while keeping her alive.

She hated it.

Kelly hated it so much it hurt. Being constantly on the lookout for other guns for hire, looking over her shoulder every moment, always trying to find work, never enough, running from authorities when things got hot.

Even after it became normal, after she adapted to everything.

She hated it.

If there was one good thing to come out of it, though…

It was her bike.

An old thing that she bought off and then had to fix all on her godamn own. Which she did!

The wind in her face, her hair whipping behind her as the engine roared beneath her, the feeling of speed and control and freedom that nothing else in her life had ever managed to give her.

That was what she loved.

Before she knew it, she was entering underground races, winning more often than she lost, picking up parts, and accidentally making connections. A few idiots started following her around, both offering help and looking for guidance – in her, of all people!

And somehow, without her really noticing when it happened, that turned into a gang.

That part had scared the shit out of her.

Kelly would be the first to admit she was absolute garbage when it came to relationships. Between her personality and the fact that she didn't exactly put in the effort to maintain anything, it wasn't surprising.

Hell, she didn't even care about people.

Another pulse, the same comforting warmth flowing through a bond.

"…Yeah, yeah," she muttered under her breath, not quite looking at anything in particular. "I'm fine."

The presence didn't leave.

…No.

If she was being honest with herself, and she hated doing that, it wasn't that she didn't care about others, or that she couldn't handle relationships like some kind of clueless idiot who scared her men off.

She was bad with people because she was fucking terrified of them.

Not of what they could do to her physically, not anymore at least, but of everything else that came with getting close to someone, attachments, the slow, creeping feeling that you might actually start to care about someone enough that losing them would hurt.

Kelly went through it once, and it almost broke her.

So she didn't let it happen again.

She pushed people away before they could get close. She snapped, mocked, insulted, and made herself so unpleasant that no normal person would stick around long enough to matter.

It worked.

It always worked.

…Except now it didn't.

Because despite all that, despite her attitude and her complete lack of effort to be anything resembling approachable, these idiots still rallied behind her. And whether she liked it or not, Kelly felt a reluctant responsibility for them.

Which is why she didn't just turn tail the moment they started this fight with the ABB.

Looking after these knuckleheads, it had been an exhausting year.

It was honestly more work than she ever did, work that she didn't even sign up for!

But Kelly couldn't lie to herself here, that she didn't feel anything towards them.

That she didn't feel anything towards Night's Rest.

For those loud, annoying assholes who laughed with her, who joked with her like she was one of them, who took her insults and threw them right back without missing a beat.

The same bastards she kicked down when they got too cocky, the same idiots who never let her forget that her mouth was filthier than a sailor's and that she somehow still couldn't keep a man around.

And…

Her jaw tightened slightly.

She especially couldn't lie about that part.

The fact that, for the first time in her life…

Someone had protected her.

She didn't know what the hell she was feeling.

This warmth that came from the creature now tied to her, and the other warmth, one that had nothing to do with powers or whatever the hell Flatline had given her.

But she wasn't stupid.

If someone gave her something like that—

If someone had her back like that—

Then she'd return the favor.

Simple as that.

"C'mon, you bastards!" Kelly shouted suddenly, her voice snapping through the warehouse as she swung herself onto her bike in one smooth motion, the engine roaring to life beneath her as the heavily modified machine vibrated with barely restrained power. "We're racing against death!"

Around her, her people cheered.

Kelly couldn't help the grin that spread across her face as she leaned forward slightly, revving the engine just enough to feel it rumble.

What a weird fucking life.

At no point had she ever imagined she'd be gearing up to wage war against a supervillain's gang.

Or that she'd be doing it as part of one.

Flatline had to be completely insane to pull something like this off, to look her in the eye and convince her to go along with it using that calm, unfazed attitude of his.

It was kind of cute.

Kelly huffed out a short laugh.

If her younger self could see her now, she'd probably say something like, 'You're bending over for a kid?' right before putting a bullet in her head for good measure.

A flash of light interrupted the thought. The card surged forward from within her, appearing in her waiting hand as it belonged there, the Bell Gargoyle etched into its surface seeming almost alive as it gave a nod.

Kellista Lee grinned.

Well, it made sense.

After all, who else could make her bend but a true —


POV: Bryce Rolando
Date: While Samuel is eating dinner with a hound.

The world was made up of roles.

Bryce had believed that for a very long time, and the same time hadn't done anything to shake that belief. If anything, the years had only proven it right, reinforcing the idea over and over again until it became something he could rely on no matter where he was or who he was dealing with.

Everyone had a place.

Everyone had a role.

"Jack! You spread the word?" Bryce asked, stepping forward and clasping the man's hand in a firm shake, thought it was more familiarity than formality in here.

They were standing inside a mechanic's shop, the place mostly empty except for a small group of guys gathered near the entrance, talking among themselves while occasionally glancing over.

Jack, the man in front of him, matched Bryce in size, his face carrying that same easy-going smile he always wore like nothing in the world could really bother him.

"Yup," Jack replied without hesitation. "Just like you asked. Wasn't exactly discreet, though, with how short the notice is."

Bryce waved that off.

"Nah, that's fine. We just need everything ready for tomorrow."

Jack hummed in acknowledgment, but didn't press further.

And that right there was why Bryce liked him so much.

Jack knew his role.

He followed orders, did what was asked, and didn't complicate things by trying to be more than what he was needed for.

A Servant.

Which was not in a bad way of the description, just the way that things were.

Back when he was still a kid, back in Juárez, his mom used to tell him stories at night. It was her way of keeping him calm, of distracting him from the sounds that echoed through the streets, the gunshots and the shouting.

They lived in one of the poorer parts of town, right where the Juárez cartel and the Sinaloa cartel liked to clash over territory, and violence wasn't something rare.

After a while, the gunfire stopped being something to fear and started becoming something else entirely.

A signal.

A quiet little cue that told him his mom would be coming soon to tell him more fantastical stories that she would come up with.

And she always did.

His mother was… everything, back then.

A beautiful woman who worked herself to exhaustion just to keep them afloat, taking whatever jobs she could find, most often as a waitress, earning just enough to cover the bills, and the money they had to hand over so nobody came knocking at their door with bad intentions.

It wasn't a good life.

But it was life.

And with the worlds that she showed him through her stories, she made it worth living.

Stories about heroes who stood against evil, about thieves clever enough to steal entire kingdoms, about loyal servants who protected their lords with unwavering devotion, and warriors who fought monsters that threatened everything they cared about.

And every time she spoke, Bryce made sure to listen closely.

His young mind soaked it all in, each story leaving something behind, little fragments that slowly came together into something bigger.

Roles.

Heroes, villains, servants, warriors, monsters, comedians, friends, lovers.

With every story, his world became easier to understand because now he had a way to categorize it, a way to look at people and place them somewhere that made sense.

And it worked, which was why he kept on doing it.

Even his mom encouraged it, smiling softly whenever he tried to explain his thoughts to her, telling him that if he was going to follow someone one day, then he had to make sure they were worth it.

"A true King," she had said once, brushing a hand through his hair, "Someone who cares for their people, who protects them, who deserves to be followed."

"Someone who cares for their people, who protects them, who deserves to be followed."

Bryce had promised her he would find someone like that.

She died a few weeks later.

Apparently, she had been a block away when a shootout broke out between the cartels and the police, and that was all it took.

A stray bullet took her life. Dead after bleeding out on the ground, left lung pierced through.

Bryce still remembered the moment they took her away.

The way her hand looked so pale. He remembered standing there, and his mind going black as everything else faded into the background.

He doesn't remember if he cried.

When the police tried to approach him, he ran as fast as he could, not trusting them, not wanting to be placed under someone else's care.

And with nowhere else to go, no one else to turn to, he fell into the only thing that made sense at the time.

Work for the cartel.

He started carrying things—contraband, or packages—hiding them in his clothes, using the fact that he was just a kid to slip past attention that would have stopped an adult. The police didn't look too closely.

It was supposed to be temporary, just something to get by. He had promised himself that.

He promised that the runner job was just a thing until he could get something more stable as an adult.

But the kind of life he stepped into wasn't the kind you just walked away from.

It wrapped around you slowly, pulling you deeper and deeper until you didn't even realize how far in you'd gone until it was too late to leave without severe repercussions.

But it wasn't all lost.

Because within the system that existed inside the cartel, Bryce learned.

And more importantly, he understood.

There was a structure to everything, even in something as chaotic as crime, and once he started looking at it through the lens of roles, the entire thing began to make sense in a way that nothing else ever had before.

He learned how deals were made, not just in the words spoken but in the pauses between them, in the way tone shifted when someone wanted to apply pressure without making it obvious. He learned where threats were most effective, when to push and when to step back, and how easily the right phrase or a folded bill slipping between fingers could make authority look the other way.

The deeper he went, the more the structure revealed itself.

The accountants controlled the money and, by extension, a surprising amount of power behind the scenes, while the enforcers protected both the product and the people who mattered. The dealers were something else entirely, twisting their words into whatever shape was needed to close a sale or defuse a situation before it turned ugly.

And through all of it, Bryce kept categorizing.

More and more roles were put in the framework of his mind.

Some were servants, following orders without question. Others were warriors, built for conflict and little else, while a rare few stood out as something closer to commanders, people who could guide others instead of just acting on instinct.

Work at the cartel, even though his labelling of roles, wasn't easy

There wasn't much space for friendships in that kind of environment, at least not the kind Bryce would have wanted, and that naturally pushed him into the position of an outsider more often than not.

He didn't mind.

If anything, it suited him, even if it made things harder.

Being on the outside meant he could learn more without being pulled into the mess of emotions and loyalties that seemed to complicate everything for everyone else.

For a younger Bryce, that was more than enough.

Time passed.

Years, really.

And eventually, after working his way up through the ranks and proving himself reliable enough to be trusted with more responsibility, he finally got the chance to meet the one person he had been curious about from the very beginning.

The boss.

By that point, Bryce had already carved out a place for himself, no longer just a runner or a background piece, but someone who led others, someone who could be relied on to handle problems without constant supervision.

Still, the idea of meeting the man at the top stirred deep-seated excitement in him.

The kind of anticipation that made his thoughts race as he tried to imagine what role someone like that would fill.

A leader of a cartel, a cape powerful enough to stand against rival organizations and maintain control over his territory, someone who had built and held onto power in a place where weakness was punished immediately…

That kind of person had to be something special.

He had to be.

But when they finally stood face to face, when their eyes met, and Bryce got his first real look at the man he had spent years indirectly working under…

He felt nothing, just disappointment.

Because the man in front of him wasn't a King.

He was greedy, driven by nothing more than money and the influence it could buy, clinging to power not because he deserved it, but because he refused to let it go.

There were no further visions of where to go next, no sense of responsibility toward the people under him, no indication that he was anything more than a man who had climbed high enough to take what he wanted and would remain seated because he was comfortable.

Not someone worth fighting for.

Not someone worth dying for.

Bryce left soon after.

His standing within the cartel was high enough by that point that they trusted him to walk away without immediately turning into a liability, even if he understood perfectly well that if anything ever traced back to him, there would be consequences waiting.

Still, it was a clean enough break.

From Mexico, he moved to the States, and from there he drifted between different gangs, different groups, different opportunities, his experience making him valuable enough that he never struggled to find work.

More than once, he found himself amused when the Protectorate looked into his background, piecing together the trail he had left behind, it was quite extensive.

Through all of it, he kept searching for someone worth following.

Granted, it turned out to be much harder than he expected it.

Over the course of nearly fifteen years, he had met plenty of leaders, each one impressive in their own way. Some had a way with words that could sway entire rooms, others commanded respect through sheer competence, and a few had that intangible presence that made people want to listen without really knowing why.

But none of them could go beyond that, none of them had the qualities he was looking for.

So eventually, Bryce decided to try it himself.

If he couldn't find someone worth following, then maybe he could become that person, at least to some degree.

Brockton Bay gave him that chance.

A small opportunity, nothing grand, but enough to build something of his own and see how far he could take it.

It didn't last.

Because in a world where power mattered as much as it did, not being a cape put a hard limit on how far he could go, no matter how well he understood the structure of things.

And in the end, that limitation caught up to him.

So he let it go.

He settled into his own role as a mediocre leader, a man who was charming enough to gather a large following of people who had been rejected by others. All while ignoring the need to go and chase an ideal that might not even exist.

Even as the promise to his other lingered in the back of his mind.

So, he remained here, in Brockton Bay, resigning himself to his own role.

And it wasn't so bad. It was fun to joke around with Hong and Kelly, to have no worries when he stepped into the Night's Rest.

But then—

Finally.

After all that time, after all those years of searching and settling and almost giving up on the idea entirely.

He found it.

With a pulse, a card found itself within his pockets, comfortably inside the palm of his hand, he felt the power coursing through it.

Bryce had found someone worth following.

A true—


POV: Xiou Hong
Date: While Samuel is dicking down a hound.

Xiou Hong believed that to pity others was easy.

It came naturally to most people, rising without effort when they saw suffering laid bare in front of them. The feeling itself was not rare, nor was the quiet thought that followed, the voice that suggested something should be done.

What was rare was action.

Because more often than not, people simply did nothing.

Xiou Hong had done the same.

Throughout his life, he had seen many things that stirred that fleeting sense of pity within him, yet for some reason or another, he did nothing.

Sometimes it was because events moved too quickly, accidents resolved, or lives lost before he even became aware of them, leaving behind nothing but the vague knowledge that something unfortunate had occurred.

Other times it was far more personal, like passing by someone on the street whose circumstances were clearly worse than his own, and thinking, briefly, that he should help, only to realize he had nothing to give.

And then there were moments that truly made him ashamed, in a different way. Moments where he felt nothing at all, only apathy as he observed suffering that by all accounts, should have moved him in some way.

Those were the moments he remembered the most.

Because they forced him to confront something uncomfortable about himself, something he could not easily justify or dismiss.

In China, under the authoritative rule of the C.U.I, life for the average citizen was stable. There was not much to say, outside that for those who did not live in the system, it would appear for all manners to be orderly, maybe even normal.

The government maintained a tight grip on everything, and in return, they provided a sense of security that people grew accustomed to, a structure that made daily life feel safe.

The Yangban stood as symbols of that protection, powerful figures who embodied strength and unity, and the people looked to them with pride.

From the outside, it was easy to believe that everything was as it should be.

But stability came with a cost.

Because while the majority lived their lives within that carefully maintained order, there were others who existed beyond its reach, pushed into the margins where their struggles were no longer visible to the wider population and then ignored by any help that could be given.

The poorest regions were not hidden in the sense that they did not exist, but rather in the way they were ignored, quietly excluded from the narrative that the C.U.I presented to its people.

The philosophy of the C.U.I was simple. If you exclude 10% of the colony, the bottom, those who do not contribute enough to society, then they will be ignored and treated as garbage. Do that, and the 80% of the working class will make sure to work enough to never fall to the bottom, while the 10% at the top – the C.U.I – reap the benefits.

It was disgusting, as it was deplorable.

Xiou Hong had been part of the 80%, and as a younger man, he had felt for them in the same distant way he felt for many things, acknowledging their hardships without allowing those thoughts to disrupt the flow of his 'normal' life.

There was always a reason not to act, always a justification that made inaction seem reasonable in the moment.

But knowing something existed and truly understanding it were two very different things.

And it wasn't until Leviathan came to Shanghai that everything changed.

The Chinese Union-Imperial loved to portray itself as absolute, but there is very little that it can do when an Endbringer comes knocking. And the illusion that nothing truly catastrophic could reach Xiou was broken.

The attack did not feel real at first. It actually felt like the stories or distant reports of disaster. It wasn't until he saw his destroyed home that it truly sank in, because this was not something happening somewhere else, to people he would never meet.

This was happening to him.

To everyone around him.

The controlled world he had known was torn apart in a matter of moments, replaced by chaos so overwhelming that there was no time to process it properly, or space to fall back on the detached calm he had carried for so long.

For the first time in his life, Xiou Hong understood what it meant to need help.

An immediate, desperate feeling.

And when that realization came, so did another.

Help was not guaranteed.

Xiou Hong saw it then, what it meant to reach out, to hope for salvation, and to have that hope pass over you in favour of something else.

It was a despair unlike anything he had ever known.

To lose everything in such a short span of time was one thing, but what lingered far longer, what truly settled into his bones and refused to leave, was the realization that in the midst of all that loss, he had simply not mattered.

It had not been cruelty; he understood that now.

But understanding did not make it any easier to bear.

Because it forced him to confront the uncomfortable truth that, for most of his life, he had been on the other side of that equation, standing among those who could have done something, and choosing instead to walk away as if nothing had happened.

The thought followed him long after the waters receded, long after the ruins of Shanghai became irreparable, long after he joined the waves of displaced people moving toward somewhere—anywhere—that they could even go.

He carried it with him all the way to the United States.

The migration itself blurred together in his memory, a long and exhausting stretch of uncertainty where people clung to whatever scraps of hope they could find, moving alongside others who had lost just as much, if not more.

Remnants caused by Endbringer clashes of Kyushu, Jinzhou, and Shanghai all converged into a single current, pushing forward because staying behind was no longer an option.

Eventually, the current brought him to Brockton Bay.

It was not the kind of place people wished to end up in.

The city was a wreck, especially when he arrived, having just hosted perhaps the worst amount of villainous gangs in the entirety of the US, with the Marquis now behind bars, the Slaughterhouse Nine bounding off, and the rest consolidating their forces.

In that sense, it was incredibly different from the stability that he had known before.

This time, Xiou Hong did not look away.

This time, he made a promise to himself that he would help those in need, those whom he was capable of helping.

Because now he understood more than ever what it felt like to need it and not receive it.

The promise did not make him change immediately, nor was it perfect.

There were still moments where hesitation crept in, where old habits tried to assert themselves, where he questioned whether his efforts made any real difference in a place as complicated as this city.

Soon, experience tempered his intentions, reminding him that not every situation could be resolved so simply, that sometimes helping one person meant drawing the attention of others who might take advantage of that kindness.

Even so, he did not stop.

Because even a small act could matter.

Xiou Hong smiled softly as he walked through the streets, his calm almost out of place against the backdrop of Brockton Bay.

"Mr Hong!" To the side of the street, a vendor called him out, a young man who he helped settle street stalls to get money for his family, "You want a skewer? It's on the house!"

Xiou accepted it with a polite bow of his head, "Thank you."

Not long after, he passed a pair of children gathered near the edge of the street, their eyes lingering just a bit too long on the food in his hand.

He did not pause to think about it.

He simply knelt slightly, offering the skewer to them with that same gentle smile, watching as hesitation gave way to eager acceptance, the children lighting up.

"Thank you Mister," The older one, holding what Xiou believes to be his sibling my the hand, bowed to him, before both ran off.

There was worth in such acts, that even in a city as weighted down by its problems as Brockton Bay was, there were still opportunities to make things just a little better for someone else.

More than that, there was comfort in realising that he was not alone in that effort.

Because Brockton Bay, for all its darkness, was not without people who stood above it. It had individuals who carried burdens far greater than his own and still moved forward.

Xiou Hong had seen enough to recognize that.

And in that regard, he found himself grateful that someone like Samuel existed.

Grateful that, at an age where Xiou Hong himself had been content to look away, Samuel had already chosen to act, to step forward and shoulder responsibilities that many would forsake for how heavy it would be.

Their path was not one without danger; he understood that as well.

There would be consequences, and many would see what they are building as a target to knock it down.

But even so, Xiou Hong could not help but feel certain that things would be okay.

Because Samuel was a true-



"Monster"


Spoiler: Kellista Lee







"King"


Spoiler: Bryce Rolando





"Guardian"


Spoiler: Xiou Hong


POV: Samuel Rodrigues
Date: 18th​ of March – Morning

"…Rachel?"

"..." The girls froze at my words before slowly continuing, her head bobbing up and down.

"…why are you sucking me off?"

With a pop, my cock left her mouth, its large size now covering half of her face. She hadn't been able to take much of it in, but its wet, meaty slap made me twitch.

"Don't like it?" Was her simple response, tongue coming out to lap at the bottom of my cock.

Her ragged breathing and the way she was snorting my balls like it was cocaine kind of gave away whatever cool pretence she was trying to do.

"I-, heard that men like waking up to this." Her puffy eyes looked up at me, a blissful sight of her lips kissing my rod, worshipping it.

…

"Eeek-! B-bastard, I'm still sensitive- Aaaaaaaarrrrgh~!"

[FEAT: Drive a lover to climax at least 10 times!

1x Advantage Random Gold Gacha Ticket]
​


AN: The more we get to the rally, the more I begin to realise that I need to flesh out a few things for it to make sense.

Mostly because the more I tried to deconstruct how rallies are a thing in Worm, though I don't know if there are many in large events, the closest I could figure out was Lung walking around with a dozen of his men, and apparently, the Protectorate didn't really notice that. (Armsmaster only came in when the battle ended at that point, so I'm sure it was less they knew that the ABB was mobilizing, and more that a civilian called in after seeing torrents of fire from Lung)

So, you know, I did the Worm deconstructive logic thing that would never happen organically and is most definitely enforced by Cauldron.

Anyways, a bit of backstory for all of the Generals, except for Robert, because he's a bit of a special snowflake that will have his own thing coupled with Leah!

I swear, next chapter is definitely Rally time!

It'll probably be from a spy point of view, though, to make it clear how the Protectorate is responding to this sudden rising star.

Thank you for reading, hope you liked it!
Last edited: Mar 20, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, EvilSmirk, MrLusty and 1,133 others
PassingBy
Mar 19, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Interlude 4: An Agent Lost in the Rally of Demons
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Apr 10, 2026
Add bookmark
#695
POV: Samuel Rodrigrues

Date: 18th​ of March – Night

I focused on the steady rhythm of my own heartbeat as I kept my eyes closed and my breathing even.

It was almost time.

The room I was in was small, tucked away just behind the makeshift backstage of the refurbished warehouse, a forgotten space that hadn't been properly touched in years.

Dust clung to everything in a thin, suffocating layer, settling over old cleaning supplies stacked haphazardly in the corners. Those damn subordinates of mine, all subservient in one moment, then laughing as I opened the door to my 'office' with a flat face.

I sat in the middle of it all on a cold steel chair, arms crossed as I leaned back slightly, ignoring the environment entirely as I focused inward.

Most of my thoughts circled around what came next.

Not just the speech, but everything that would follow after it, because standing in front of a crowd and convincing them to follow me was one thing, but actually managing them afterwards would be something else entirely.

A gang could be simplified to simple muscle and numbers, but at the end of the day it was also much more than that if I wanted to compete on the big leagues. I needed to get structures set down after this, and check the people for their own wants and limits to be handled properly.

Thankfully I had that part mostly covered with Management.

Outside my little room, the warehouse was far from quiet. Even from here I could pick up the low hum of conversation, the occasional burst of laughter, and the steady movement of people shifting around the space.

Some of them were solo operators with just enough influence to matter, while others were leaders of smaller gangs that Bryce had convinced to show up on such short notice.

Right now, they were mingling under the illusion of a harmless community event - which no one truly believed - eating through whatever food Kelly's people had gathered, while Mr. Hong's connections kept the whole thing wrapped in just enough legitimacy to avoid immediate scrutiny.

It was almost impressive how smoothly it had all come together, if one didn't know about the Management that I had to do for all the logistics.

I had made it very clear to Bryce that I wasn't interested in just anyone joining us. I wanted people who actually aligned with what we were building, not just opportunists looking for an easy win.

Sure, forcing compliance was always an option if things didn't go my way, but that wasn't the kind of foundation I wanted to build on.

A forced ally was just a bomb waiting to go off.

Hmm.

I still had some time to kill.

Might as well see what the Gacha had for me.

Bronze first.

[Sentry Turrets]

|Common Item|

Portal - A shipment of Aperture Science Brand Sentry Turrets, equipped with twin machine guns and is a very cost effective way to keep out intruders, but are not built with quality in mind but rather with cheapness and reliability in mind. This box contains 9 turrets whose bullet reserves refill every 24 hours(bullets cannot be taken out of turret). Restock Timer: 168 Hours

​
A grin broke out.

Fuck yeah.

I'm gonna need to bring this out in the right place, and sure setting them up would probably be a pain, but once they were in position, any area I controlled would immediately become a nightmare to invade.

Even if they weren't top-tier quality, nine automated guns that never really ran out of ammo were absolutely ridiculous.

Wait, holy shit they godamned restock?

Infinite Turrets?

…I might have a boner.

Well, until I figured out where to actually place them, into the soul space you go.

[Jaw]

|Common Ability|

Allow you to turn your teeth into very sharp and durable fangs.

​
Mediocre at best at this point. With both the Kure and Rodrigues bloodline, I already surpassed peak human and was solidly in the superhuman durability even while at base form.

At least it's another ability. Three more and I'll get another slot if the pattern holds.

Let's try with Silver next then.

[Heavy Rock]

|Trash Item|

An otherwise ordinary and unremarkable head-sized rock that is always ever so slightly heavier than the maximum weight of whoever tries to lift it can lift.

​
Hmm, why the hell was this labelled as trash?

Because from where I was sitting, this was actually kind of amazing.

If someone was already down, all I had to do was place this on their chest, and that was it, they weren't going anywhere, the perfect restrain.

Though, I guess there were limitations.

Still, I won't be able to actually move it around physically.

It specifically said heavier than what I could lift, which meant I wouldn't be able to just pick it up and move it around normally. Pushing it might still work, since that wasn't the same as lifting, but that would depend on how the effect actually functioned in practice.

Either way, I wouldn't be carrying it around physically.

Which meant the process would be simple in theory but annoying in execution: take it out of my soul, use it, then touch it again to store it back.

That would get annoying fast.

Still useful though.

I have two advantage gold tickets, I hope at least one of them give me something good.



[Wind Cloak]

|Rare Ability|

Allows you to cloak yourself in powerful winds, these winds will assist your movements, making you faster, and swifter and allowing you to dash and float with their help.


Or


[Web Fluid & Shooters]

|Rare Item|

Spider-Man - "Don't forget the hyphen!" A vial of Spider-Man's patented web fluid and a pair of webshooters you can equip to your wrists. You get one full vial every 24 hours.

​
Spider-Man?

Who the hell was that? That name meant absolutely nothing to me. I would hate to actually meet a spider man, that shit sounds horrifying.

Spiders back home were not something to trifle with.

Wind Cloak was the better choice.

It added directly to my existing toolkit, giving me a lot more versatility, and another layer of elemental synergy to work with. Between fire, water, and now wind, I was starting to cover a pretty solid range of options.

All I needed now was earth to round things out.

…wait.

Was lightning one of the main elements too?

I can't remember.

[Lupusregina Beta]

|Elite Familiar|

Overlord - A werewolf cleric maid who has a very willful and cheery yet sadistic personality. As a werewolf she has considerable physical ability and thanks to their specialization as a cleric she is capable of casting healing and recovery magic as well as lesser forms of other magic. She is also a very skilled maid. Does not have access to inventory. Install Card Modification: User will gain Brute/Blaster/Shaker Powerset, Adept Cooking and Adept Discipline, and a Changer Ability to turn into a Werewolf


Or


[Articuno]

|Elite Familiar|

Pokemon - A legendary bird of ice that lives in the frozen tundra with icy blue feathers. Articuno has potent cryokinetic abilities, being able to call blizzards, unleash ice beams, and freeze objects directly. But its durability is not as great as its cryokinetic abilities. Install Card Modification: User will gain Blaster and Shaker Powerset, and a Changer ability to turn into Articuno.



​
…that's, that's some pretty great familiars, Bob.

{Your luck is bullshit.}

​
Ignoring the completely accurate insult, I leaned back slightly in my chair, letting out a hum in thought.

On paper, Articuno was insane.

An entire battlefield could be reshaped with that kind of power, blizzards rolling in on command could be used to freeze terrain and limit movement, all while allowing for the ice beams to control space. It was frankly an overwhelming type of advantage that could decide fights before they even started.

And I would have loved to have it.

But I couldn't afford to think like that.

I can heal easily enough with my passive regeneration of an Oni, never mind the absolute bullshit that was my enhanced alcohol-based recovery, where I could bounce back from death's door to top form with my energy renewed.

My allies didn't have that luxury.

The more people I brought into this, the more responsibility I carried towards them. Powering them up wasn't just about making them stronger, it meant they would be on the front lines, they would be the piercing tip of the spear in most of our battles, which meant injuries more likely than not.

How many Parahumans could actually heal?

The Heroes had Panacea, which meant that even if they were in a disadvantage of almost having triple the villain count, they could bounce back from every engagement completely fresh after a hit from the Raccoon.

Healing was a massive force multiplier. Specially since capes were the main pillars of any organisation. Having someone who can keep the cape from collapsing by healing made a fundamental difference.

That much I knew.

As for how the villains dealt with it… I wasn't sure, but I had tried to look into it.

My new phone had made that possible, even if the process itself felt like I had willingly thrown myself into a labyrinth designed to waste as much of my time as possible.

The amount of information available was ridiculous, thousands of links branching into more links, forums arguing with each other, articles contradicting each other, and enough useless noise to drown out anything actually important if you weren't careful.

I wasn't used to it, like, at all.

So I skimmed.

A lot.

And waited for the Narrative to step in and filter things for me.

It didn't.

Which was how I figured out that it probably only activated when I actually met people in person, instead of just reading about them like some random idiot on the internet.

So, I begrudgingly clicked on links. After seeing how Pritt and Leah navigate this hellscape with ease, I severely underestimated how confusing it can be, and it slowed down my progress severely.

Hours had been lost.

From what I gathered, the ABB only had two Capes.

Which sounded ridiculous on paper when they controlled a fifth of Brockton Bay, especially when compared to the Protectorate's twelve heroes or the Empire's lineup.

But the difference wasn't numbers.

It was what those two could actually do.

Lung, for one, had apparently walked into Brockton Bay and beaten the entire Protectorate team by himself when he first showed up, which immediately made me question why the hell he was listed as a B-lister in whatever system they were using.

Lung didn't even get his own Wiki Page.

Was the Protectorate of Brockton Bay so weak that anyone who steam rolled them was still just considered above average?

The other ABB cape was a teleporting cloner whose most effective fighting method seemed to be infinite terrorist suicides.

Bombing clones and exponential strength? No wonder just two capes can compete with the rest, both of them were incredible force multipliers, and both had abilities that wouldn't actually put their users out of commission if they were hurt on the field.

Lung would simply heal it off, while Oni-Lee's whole thing was not getting caught in the first place.

…ugh, Oni-Lee, something within me seemed to look down at the name in repulsion through sheer principle.

Anyways, the point being that while my ability to gift Familiars were also great force multipliers, and would shoot us up to relevancy extremely quickly, I also now carried the responsibility of my subordinate's wellbeing.

And that brought me right back to the choice in front of me.

I needed sustainability.

I needed someone who could keep my people in both the fight, and from having permanent consequences at doing mistakes.

Which is why I chose Lupusregina Beta.

Someone who could heal others and defend themselves would be invaluable.

The moment the decision settled, the card flickered into existence for a brief second, and with it came the distinct sound of feminine giggling, a playful tone carrying beneath it a sharp sense of sadism.

…what the hell? She should be the first sentient humanoid Familiar I have, so hopefully she won't influence her user too much.

Then it was gone again, slipping back into that strange space within my soul alongside the others cards.

Just in time.

Because the door to the small room creaked open, and Robert stepped in, letting out a slow breath as he adjusted the old military uniform he insisted on wearing, the fabric looking like it had seen more years than I had.

"You're up," he said, his voice steady as always.

I nodded, pushing myself up from the steel chair, feeling the faint stiffness in my muscles fade almost instantly as I rolled my shoulders back.

I wasn't wearing anything particularly special, just loose pants and that sash Mr. Hong had insisted would help with my image, something about presentation and symbolism that I didn't fully care about but the Oni within me seemed to agree.

And then the mask. Initially I didn't see the point, since I would always be transformed while working as a Cape. But most of my people told me it's more about the image, and also a symbol of what it meant to be a cape.

Looking at it now, I let out a quiet, amused huff.

The lower half of an Oni stared back at me.

I picked it up without hesitation.

"Let's start," I said, stepping past Robert and into the dimly lit hallway beyond.

And then I moved forward.


POV: John Becker
Date: 18th of March – Night

Infiltrating a gang wasn't exactly difficult, especially when it was an unpowered one.

With more capes popping up and deciding that being a villain paid better than anything legal, the number of "goons" had skyrocketed, and that shift had pushed a lot of the older, non-powered gangs into a corner.

The ones that couldn't keep up lost territory fast, their businesses either taken over outright or absorbed under someone stronger who actually had a cape backing them.

That kind of pressure forced unpowered gangs to lower a lot of their recruitment standards, which made it all the easier for Becker to do his job.

There was only ever a real problem when a cape got involved.

Not that it would be Becker's problem at that point.

He was a cop, and a damn good one at that, but he was still just a cop, not PRT. The moment a Parahuman showed up and confirmed their presence, everything got handed over. The case and the fucking headaches, all of it went straight to the PRT, because they were the ones trained to deal with the kind of mess powers tended to bring along.

Becker wasn't trained for that.

And he was fine with it.

He didn't know how to check if he was being messed with by some stranger's hallucination-based ability, and he definitely didn't have the tools to stay calm if something started whispering in his ear that wasn't actually there. That kind of shit was above his pay grade.

What he was good at, though, was slipping into places he wasn't supposed to be and keeping track of the smaller gangs that filled in the cracks of Brockton Bay.

It wasn't what he signed up for when he first enlisted, not even close, but somewhere along the way it turned out he had a knack for it.

Figuring out who mattered and who didn't without drawing attention to himself came naturally after a while.

You spent enough time around the usual spots, picked up on habits, learned where certain people liked to hang out, and after that it was just a matter of being present without being noticeable.

Look busy, look bored, look drunk, whatever the situation called for, and most people would ignore you long enough to say something useful.

The lowered recruitment standards helped too.

All it really took was learning a few rotating code phrases, finding someone with a similar build who kept their face at least partially covered, and taking their place for the night after knocking them out in some alley that no one would bother checking until morning.

Brockton Bay let them cops get away with a lot more looser set of rules than anywhere else he ever worked.

Of course, it never lasted very long, but one night was usually enough.

Besides, this wasn't something Becker did often. The risk was too high to make it a regular move, and the department only called him in for this kind of work when things in Brockton Bay started going from their regular bad to fucking horrifically worse.

Like when Marquis decided it was a good idea to throw hands with the Slaughterhouse Nine, and the body count got high enough that the streets actually seemed to be painted in red. That had been a miserable few weeks, that's for fucking sure.

Or when Lung came in and decided that every Asian gang in the city now belonged to him, bulldozing through years of historical grudges, and cultural divides, all backed by the simple understanding that nobody wanted to be on the receiving end of his attention.

Granted though, it worked.

Fear was a hell of a motivator.

The problem was everything that came after.

Unrest didn't just disappear because someone stronger showed up, it simmered under the surface, waiting for a chance to boil over, and when it did, it made everyone's job harder.

And now this.

For the first time in almost a year, the Empire and the ABB were going at each other openly, just straight violence spilling out into the streets.

All because someone ran over Kaiser's dog.

Becker snorted quietly to himself at the thought.

In his personal opinion, good riddance. Hookwolf was a piece of shit who deserved worse than what he got, and if the world were fair, the guy would have already be rotting in the Birdcage or strapped to a chair waiting for the switch to flip years ago.

Unfortunately, the world wasn't fair.

So professionally, Becker was stuck dealing with the fallout, along with everyone else. The past few weeks had stretched both the police and the PRT thin, constant skirmishes popping up all over the city, each one needing manpower they didn't really have to spare.

Which was how this almost slipped through the cracks.

In the last day alone, a bunch of smaller, unpowered gangs had started reaching out to each other, setting something up behind the scenes, something coordinated enough to raise red flags even with everything else going on.

No one knew what for.

Which was why Becker was here now, standing inside a refurbished warehouse that had been dressed up just enough to pass as something legitimate, blending in as a member of Nine Way High, a small-time smuggling group with connections outside the city.

With practised ease, he had taken 'Tobias' place without much trouble, slipping into the guy's role and joining the rest of the group in their car. No one questioned it, no one even gave him a second look, and before long he was being driven through the quieter parts of Brockton Bay, heading straight for whatever this was supposed to be.

From what he could tell, his "boss" had brought him along as extra muscle, someone to stand around and look intimidating.

Around the large warehouse, the setup was pretty consistent no matter where Becker looked. Most of the lower-ranking members from the different gangs were doing the same thing he was, standing off to the sides with their backs against the walls, arms crossed or hands tucked into pockets, eyes constantly moving as they kept track of everything happening in the room.

Meanwhile, the actual leaders gathered closer to the center, drinks in hand, talking in low voices like this was some kind of business meeting instead of whatever shady shit it actually was.

Everyone was waiting.

"Becker, can you get more information about this?"

The voice came quietly through his earpiece, the small device hidden under the cap and mask he had taken from Tobias.

The setup worked well enough, the mask helping obscure his face while also hiding the microphone, and the tiny camera embedded near the edge gave the people back at HQ at least something to work with, even if the quality wasn't great.

Answering directly would've been stupid, and ratted him out.

Instead, Becker let out a soft huff, shifting his weight like someone who had been standing around too long with nothing to do, before nudging the guy next to him with his elbow.

The man wore the same cap, his build smaller, skin darker, posture loose.

"That was a bad time to zone out," Becker muttered, roughening his voice just enough to sell the act. "The fuck are we doing here again?"

He wasn't worried about getting called out.

As long as you had just enough confidence and didn't hesitate, people tended to assume you belonged. It was one of those weird social things of human behavior that made his job easier than it probably should've been.

Hell, he remembered reading about a couple of guys who walked straight through security carrying a ladder like they owned the place, and nobody stopped them.

Hilarious shit.

The guy he nudged shrugged, not even looking that concerned. "Dunno, Davos didn't say shit."

Not that surprising, OpSec was a basic necessity to events like this. Which meant the only people who actually knew what was going on were the ones standing in the middle right now.

from where he stood, Becker could pick out at least four different small-time bosses he recognized, each one keeping their distance while still playing nice.

"Davos never says shit," Becker replied flatly, letting a bit of annoyance bleed into his tone.

On his other side, a blond guy let out a short laugh, clearly more entertained by the whole situation, "Well, I heard this whole thing's happening because of the ABB."

Of fucking course it was.

Becker swallowed the instinctive groan that tried to come up and turned his head just enough to face him, angling it so the mic would catch everything clearly.

"The ABB?"

"You didn't hear it from me," the blond continued, leaning in slightly, "but apparently a few days ago, Lung sent in a dozen guys to try and bring Night's Rest under his territory."

"The fuck?" the first guy blurted out in shock.

Becker felt the same.

Night's Rest wasn't exactly unknown to the authorities. They knew what it was, or at least the outline of it, a neutral ground where smaller gangs could exist without constantly getting dragged into conflicts.

There were rumors too.

Talk about parahumans, about the owner maybe being one, but nothing solid enough to act on.

There hasn't been any conflicts, or attempts to attack these elements in Night's Rest, because if the Police were to do such thing, the neutral zone wouldn't be 'safe' anymore for them, and it would definitely cause the small gangs to either scatter to the wind, or join up with the cape one's, something they definitely didn't need.

For better or worse, Night's Rest existed as a stabilizing influence for the unpowered gangs.

"What did he want?" the blond asked, and Becker had to resist the urge to roll his eyes.

What did gangs ever want?

"They wanted the place," the guy replied, gesturing vaguely. "Like, the whole neutral zone. Would make checkpoints and border skirmishes easier, y'know?"

No, Becker didn't know that.

But him being here was definitely paying off.

Through the earpiece, he could faintly hear movement picking up, voices overlapping as people on the other end scrambled to pass the information along, probably feeding it straight to analysts or updating reports in real time.

"Shit," the guy to his right muttered.

Yeah.

Shit was right.

If the ABB got control of that area, it would open up direct access routes into both Protectorate-controlled zones and Coil's territory.

That shit will lead to even more escalating clashes, fuck.

"I know, right?" the blond said, though his tone didn't match the seriousness of it at all. If anything, he sounded excited. "But here's the funny part. Apparently, they all ran away like bitches."

"What?" Becker blurted before he could stop himself, the word slipping out sharp.

Thankfully the others didn't comment, seeing it only as surprise.

"Yeah," the blond went on, grinning slightly. "They walked in, and then next thing you know, they're running out of the bar like something's chasing them."

"How?" Becker asked, trying to keep his tone balanced. He didn't need to hear the analysts to know they wanted that answer.

The blond shrugged, like it wasn't that big of a deal. "Probably the Iron Bull."

Right, that was the Robert guy, isn't it? The owner of Night's Rest. Ex-military, and from what he remembers vaguely, had been charged with a few arrests before they all fell through for some reason or another.

Suspected Parahuman as well, though those searches lead nowhere.

The conversation around him died off before it could really go anywhere, Becker feeling as the attention of the room shifted towards the stage, as a figure stepped up into the light.

His eye narrowed. The man on the stage was dressed like some kind of monk, with various layers of clothing, and had half of his face hidden beneath a veil to conceal his features.

Spoiler: Xiou Hong: Monk Style

The reaction from the crowd was immediate, confusion rippling through the gathered gang members as people tried to figure out what the hell a cape was doing here.

Becker on the other hand, could feel the fucking headaches coming his way.

"Thank you all for your presence," the monk said, voice serene as he bowed slightly, the movement smooth. "Our leader will now take the stage."

And just like that, he stepped aside, not leaving entirely but shifting to the edge of the platform, apparently setting the stage for something bigger.

God dammit, fuckity fuck. Keeping the swearing beneath his breath, the irritation coming in, because of fucking course capes would be involved here. In any other scenario he would be more than happy to pass over the jurisdiction of this case to the PRT, the problem, was that he was currently fucking here! Within a few meters of a presumably villainous cape!

"Becker, we sent word to the PRT," the quiet voice in his ear came through a second later, obvious movement happening on their end. "Someone should be patched into your line in a few minutes. Stay sharp."

Yeah, I know!

He didn't respond, just let out a slow breath through his nose as he adjusted his stance slightly, making it look like nothing more than boredom while his attention sharpened, because for all he knew, he could have only a few moments to turn the fuck away.

Then the main act walked in.

Becker felt the complaint forming in his head before he even got a good look at the kid, because yeah, that was the first thing that hit him once his brain caught up with his eyes.

Kid.

Tall, sure, and built like someone had taken a heavyweight and carved him out of stone, it was like looking at a fucking Adonis, but there was no hiding the fact that the upper half of his face was young.

The kind of young that definitely didn't belong in a place like this.

No shirt, just loose black pants and that sash tied around his waist.

…was that an Oni mask? Well, half of it at least.

The fuck was a black kid doing running around with that?

He was just a kid, and yet-

His back straightened without meaning to.

It was simple instinct; something about the kid's presence settled over the room like a pressure building before a storm.

Spoiler: Samuel: Oni Style

The air felt hotter.

Shaker? Master effect? The kid was just walking forward at a steady pace, but with every step, it was like further pressure was put on his shoulders.

But it wasn't weight, not something physical. It felt like there was just… something pressing down.

Then the kid's eyes moved.

Black and white unnatural pupils. They caught light with reflectiveness that wasn't normal, like stardust caught in motion, and when they swept across the crowd, Becker felt it land on him for just a second, long enough to make something in his spine lock up before he forced it to relax.

Yeah.

Analysts better be eating this shit up.

The kid stepped into the center of the stage, stopping there like he owned the place, gaze taking in the crowd beneath him before he spoke.

"Most of you are unfamiliar with me," he said, voice steady, carrying easily across the warehouse without needing to be raised, "but as of two days ago, I became the leader of the Neutral Zone."

There was a ripple of shock, unsure looks being traded between people as they shifted and muttered.

Becker kept his face neutral, forced it, even as his mind caught up a second later and he had to lock his jaw to keep from reacting.

"On that same night, the ABB sent out a squad intending to take over the Neutral Zone," The kid said, his voice level and stripped of any emotion. "They failed."

Becker's eyes moved across the gathered crowd, noting the reactions—or rather, the lack of them from certain groups.

Most of the people standing closer to the stage didn't look surprised, the leaders. Either they already knew, or they had been there when it happened, which meant that for them this was less of a speech and more of a continuation of something already in motion.

"As of two days ago, the ABB has shown its fangs and declared war on the Neutral Zone," He continued, his tone unchanged, "They will hunt down and crush every single gang affiliated with the place."

The kid was saying some pretty scary things with a straight face.

Becker believed him, after all, Lung was well known for his brutality.

The words settled over the warehouse like a slow-moving wave, and Becker could feel the shift ripple outward as people processed what that actually meant. Everyone in this place understood exactly what type of man Lung was and what happened when he decided to make an example out of someone.

"However!" His white pupils shone with fire as he cut in, and the single word was enough to halt that downward spiral before it could fully take hold.

Becker's attention snapped back to him, not by choice so much as instinct, because there was something in the way the kid held himself now, pulling at the room like gravity.

"I said it back then, and I will say it again."

His gaze shifted across the audience, landing on specific individuals with a precision that made Becker's skin prickle, and it didn't take much to guess who those people were. The one's who had been there when the ABB attacked.

"I will protect you."

…what?

There was no hesitation in the statement, no room for doubt or negotiation.

He said as if it was absolute, like the sun rises and falls, it was such a natural law of the universe that it held the same weight as his words.

"The ABB came to us expecting no resistance," The kid went on, his voice steady as he moved, each step measured as he paced along the stage. "But I will fight them."

There was intent behind the motion when he lifted his foot, something deliberate in the way he set it back down.

"And I will crush them beneath my feet."

The impact echoed.

Becker felt it through the soles of his boots, a sharp tremor that ran through the concrete and up his spine, rattling something deep in his chest even though he knew, rationally, that a single step shouldn't be able to do that.

Enhanced strength? A brute on top of shaker effect?

Around him, people reacted in a split second burst of noise, flinching, swearing, shifting in place before the moment passed and left behind a thick silence that somehow made the air feel tighter.

The kid didn't even pause for it, continuing as if nothing had happened, his pacing controlled while his eyes remained locked on the crowd, holding them there with an intensity Becker couldn't quite shake.

It reminded him of predators.

"Agent Becker? This is PRT responder Travis, I'll be handling your comms."

The voice in his ear barely registered.

Becker didn't respond, couldn't, not without drawing attention, but even if he could have slipped in a reply, he wasn't sure he would have managed it, because his focus stayed pinned to the stage like something had hooked into his brain and refused to let go.

A faint choking sound came through the line a moment later, followed by a rush of hurried voices on the other end, overlapping commands and clipped responses that told him the PRT had just gotten eyes on his camera feed, and were watching the same thing.

"—get me—no, right now—"

Then Travis was back, sharper this time.

"Do not draw attention to yourself! Stay where you are."

They didn't have to worry; he wasn't moving any time soon with such intense pressure weighting him down.

"But that is no longer enough for me," The kid said, shaking his head slightly, the motion somehow coming off as natural. "It is no longer enough for us."

His hand moved outward, gesturing toward the gathered crowd in a way that made it feel less like a speech and more like a claim.

"What is the Neutral Zone?"

The question hung there for half a second before he answered it himself.

"It is a place where violence is forbidden, where people can lower their guard without fearing what waits behind them, where you can live without constantly watching your back."

Becker felt his chest tighten, his pulse picking up in a way he didn't appreciate, because as much as he wanted to stay detached, to keep this clinical and professional, the words still hit somewhere when they shouldn't have.

Because yeah, that was exactly what people wanted.

In a city like Brockton Bay, that kind of place wasn't just appealing, it was everything.

And as much as Becker hated to admit it, standing there in the middle of a warehouse full of criminals, listening to a masked kid declare war on one of the most dangerous gangs in the city, he could feel it too.

That pull.

Because they all wanted to be safe.

"They threaten that safety," he continued, and Becker wondered if their expressions were so easy for him to read.

"They want to see us scattered, and stripped of the only place in this city where we can exist without looking over our shoulders," he went on, and even without raising his volume, the intent behind his words pressed down on everyone listening.

"I will not allow it!"

The conviction in that single sentence hit harder than any shout could have, settling deep in Becker's chest and making his jaw tighten.

"And it doesn't stop there," The kid continued, his gaze sweeping across the crowd, sharp and deliberate, until it passed over Becker for just a fraction of a second, and that brief contact made his pulse hitch under the intensity behind those eyes.

"For how long have you all been living under that dragon's shadow? How long have woman been too afraid to walk their own streets without wondering if they'll ever make it back home?"

Becker became aware of his teeth grinding together, a slow burn of anger rising up as the words dug into a familiar issue, dragging up every report, every scene, every case that had crossed his desk involving the ABB.

"It doesn't stop there," His white eyes shined as he pushed on, his voice rising now, "What about the ones who don't fit into someone else's idea of normal, forced to watch over their every step in fear of being targeted? What about the kids getting dragged off the streets and turned into addicts before they even know what's happening? What about the people paying protection money just to avoid having their doors kicked in?"

This kid…

The realization settled in Becker's mind, because this wasn't just a speech about the ABB anymore, it was broader than that, aimed at every major player in Brockton Bay, dragging all of it into the open without hesitation.

The kid was stoking their anger.

And he's really fucking good at it.

"I will see this city rid of that," The fire was still there as he spoke, and his tone shifted again, calmer now, "A place of safety, that is what the Neutral Zone was meant to be, and that is what it will remain."

He didn't pause, didn't give the crowd time to interrupt or question, just kept moving forward with the same absolute certainty that somehow grabbed the to their very souls.

"Anyone who threatens that safety will be crushed beneath me."

It was arrogant, in fact, it was even beyond that. The size of the ambition, the absolute certainty of which he spoke of himself with.

This kid was claiming that he would accomplish what the Protectorate and the PRT haven't been able to in the last ten years.

"Most of you doubt me," He added, his voice even, likely already accounting for every sceptical thought in the room.

However, Becker found himself staring without blinking, a tight anticipation coiling in his gut as if something was about to snap into place.

And then it did.

His body began to change.

His frame grew, stretching upward and pushing past what should have been possible, until where previously the kid had stood, was now a figure measuring three meters, the structure beneath him creaking under the sudden increase in mass.

His dark skin gained color, except it was wrong, a deep red like blood coming to the surface, barely catching the dim light of the warehouse, while a pair of horns curved up from his head, completely the transformation into what was undoubtably a Monster.

Spoiler: "The Demon"

It wasn't just his looks either, Becker thought as his body shook.

The pressure that had been sitting in the background since the moment the kid walked in suddenly surged outward, no longer restrained, flooding the room in a way that made it feel like the air itself had thickened, pressing against his lungs as if daring him to keep breathing.

Power.

Overwhelming.

"I am Ura-Douji," the transformed figure declared, his voice deeper now, carrying a force that seemed to vibrate through the space itself.

"The Demon of the Bay."

It was a simple title, something that should have sounded dramatic at best, maybe even ridiculous under different circumstances, but standing there, feeling that crushing weight settle over him, Becker knew with a certainty that bypassed logic entirely that this wasn't posturing.

Before him stood a Demon.

'Ura-Douji?!' Travis' voice spiked in his ear, and Becker felt the same realization click into place a second later.

That cape's name. They didn't even know if that cape truly existed, since their only information was a second-hand account of rumours spread by the Empire, and a crushed, mangled corpse that used to be Hookwolf

There had been questions of whether the cape simply left Brockton after two weeks of inactivity, or if the battle with Hookwolf damaged them enough that they were still recovering.

Well, that question just got answered.

"With my Power! We are the Strongest!" Ura-Douji proclaimed, his voice carrying across the warehouse as his fists clenched, the motion so forceful that the air itself cracked.

Then, as if on cue, four figures moved to his side.

The monk stepped forward again, calm and composed beneath that concealing veil, while the others emerged from the edges of the stage, each one masked.

Beckers gaze flicked between them, taking in what he could and shifting his camera so that they could as well.

The first was what he would call, 'skimpy biker girl' with the way the coat didn't even cover her mid drift, and how small her shorts were. Thought her helmet did seem to be of good quality.

Spoiler: Kelly: Biker Style

The other one seemed to emanate danger, his entire body was covered head from head to toe in some type of mix between a normal cape spandex look, and a few pieces of body armour.

Spoiler: Bryce: Shield Style

The last guy, compared to the previous two, was much more boring in terms of outfit. Wearing a simple tight-fitting shirt that made Becker feel inadequate, the army style was obvious.

Spoiler: Robert: Mlitary Style

Capes, he knew they were fucking capes.

How? How the fuck did a no name somehow already have capes under him, how did he pull this off without anyone noticing?

The answer came a second later.

They transformed.

The monk was the first, a soft pink aura blooming around him as a microphone appeared in his hand, the object spinning once before settling as if it belonged there, his once brown clothing now transforming into a black robe with golden highlights-
Spoiler: Lullaby

The others followed, and Becker felt his breath hitch as skin turned to stone, bodies expanding, wings of rock tearing free from their backs while rocky tails formed behind them-

Spoiler: Furnace + Tempest

And the last one—

The last one became iron.

Literally, from his clothes to his skin and even his eyes, everything just straight up became iron.

Spoiler: Bull Iron

Becker's mind scrambled to keep up, piecing it together as his eyes snapped back to Ura-Douji, to the towering figure that had already changed once in front of them, they all wore black and gold, their gang colours? How ostentatious.

And they were all-

Transformations.

All of them… just like the kid….

His previous words, his power that made him the strongest.

"Oh… oh fuck," Becker muttered under his breath, barely aware of it.

'Oh fuck,' Travis echoed in his ear, the words coming out strained.

It's a Teacher situation.

Not the same, not exactly—but close enough to make every alarm bell in his head start screaming. A power that granted powers, something that could turn normal people into monstrous capes, something that could build a terrifying gang if left unchecked.

No, is in the fucking process of building one!

A Power Giving Trump.

"With my strength! I shall carve a path forward, but with the strength of my allies, the path shall become a road for all those who will follow!" Ura-Douji continued, his voice rising, filling the space with something that made Becker's chest tighten as he listened.

His heart was hammering.

"Those who will fight for this cause, those who are willing to bleed for a Brockton Bay without the tyranny of the dragon, or chains of outdated beliefs!" The crowd was reacting now, and Becker could feel himself getting pulled along with them, a strange warmth coiling in his chest, something that made his hands clench.

"I am the Demon of the Bay, Ura-Douji!" The King bellows, before expanding his arms like he was trying to hug the entire crowd of hundreds, "And those who have put their faith in me, shall become my Night Parade of One Hundred Demons!"

The crowd's response was as instant as it was overwhelmingly loud.

Cheer erupted around him, voices rising into a roar that filled the warehouse, and before Becker could stop himself, he found his own voice joining in, the sound ripping out of his throat as the two men beside him jumped and shouted like they'd just been handed salvation.

However, the words soon caught up to him.

A Hundred Demons? The kid could give powers to a hundred people?

Insane, absolutely fucking insane.

His pulse pounded in his ears, every beat syncing with the energy in the room, every breath coming faster as something electric ran through him.

"Dispatch," Becker muttered under his breath, low enough that the noise swallowed it, his tone tight despite the chaos around him, "I think there is a Master effect at play. I've been compromised."

Because there was no way this was normal.

The way his chest felt like it was going to burst, the rush that came with hearing someone promise protection and actually sound like they could deliver it, the sudden, burning urge to stand behind that man and see it through—

That had to be artificial.

It had to be.

Because if it wasn't…

Becker stared at the towering figure on the stage, at the Demon who had with simple words, won over a large portion of the city.

If it wasn't—

Then he didn't know if the Protectorate, or anyone else in Brockton Bay, had a chance in hell of stopping him.

[FEAT: And it escalates

1x Random Advantage Silver Gacha Ticket]
​


AN: Oh boy oh boy oh boy. The rally finally happened! I hope the speech was good enough for everyone else, I was kind of scratching my head over how to make this sound okay, but without being overly idealistic. While the speech wasn't everything that Samuel has planned on what he's gonna do, since Leadership is pointing out how to best get a reaction of the crowd, at this point he just decided to clean shop of Brockton Bay more criminal elements.

There will still be some, it's impossible to get rid of every single criminal element in a city.

Well, maybe not impossible, but it'll most of the time do more harm then good. That is, until you're just that strong enough to simply get rid of it without any consequences.

Right now Samuel is mostly appealing to the actual fucking tyranny that happens inside of Lung's territory, and then will later use it to help in a campaign against the Empire and their discrimination, and at that point he believes that he will have enough momentum to keep going and crush Coil's Mercenaries as well.

Of course, this won't all happen as he expects, nor as neatly as this, which Samuel himself knows. But he just believes that if any problems occur, he can deal with them.

Even if the entire Protectorate decided to for some fucking reason join up with villainous forces to push back against the Night Parade, which is the worst possible result that Samuel expects, he isn't overly worried.

After all, as a bisected man once said.

"Nah, I'd win."

It will be difficult, and maybe he could even lose with the right combinations of attacks like Vista and Clockblocker followed by Panacea turning him inside out, or something like that.

Well, if he isn't quick enough to grasp at what Eradication Fist is showing him.

Also, turns out that a lot of his Traits, specifically the Oni, Kure, and Rodrigues can have some pretty interesting effects in terms of presence, who could have known?

After all, it's not like one is a selective breed of superhumans, while the other was perhaphs the strongest organic human of his own verse, and the last is a literal calamity.

Also Also, this chap was supposed to come out last week, but I was travelling with family for Easter, so I was just a lazy bum and took the week off.

Hope you all liked it, and enjoy your day!
Last edited: Jun 5, 2026
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:EvilSmirk, deathcall49, MrLusty and 1,270 others
PassingBy
Apr 10, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 14: More rolls, PHO is hot, and a young ladies distress!
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Apr 23, 2026
Add bookmark
#800
POV: Samuel Rodrigues

DATE: 18th​ of March – Night


[FEAT: Gain the unbridled animosity of the Dragon and the ABB

1x Random Advantage Gold Gacha Ticket]


[FEAT: Gain the fervent animosity of the Kaiser and his Empire

1x Random Gold Gacha Ticket]


[FEAT: Gain the animosity of the Serpent and his garden

1x Random Platinum Gacha Ticket]


[FEAT: Gain the cautious animosity of the Heroes

1x Random Silver Gacha Ticket]


[FEAT: Became a Major Player in the scene of cape gangs of Brockton Bay

1x Random Platinum Gacha Ticket]


[FEAT: Give Hope to the Hopeless

1x Random Diamond Gacha Ticket]

​

Well, at least it was a productive rally then.

By the time everything wrapped up, I had already made my way back to Night's Rest. It felt quieter than usual after the sheer noise and pressure of the warehouse, the lingering energy of what I had just done still buzzed faintly under my skin. The leaders of the smaller gangs had agreed to meet again soon, and one by one they had taken the drink I offered, stepping into my service with a mix of hesitation and anticipation.

I leaned back slightly in my chair, thinking over the next steps, already knowing that I'd have to figure out how to actually reward them in a way that was tangible enough to keep loyalty strong without wasting resources I might need later.

Right now, the easiest option that came to mind was handing out Junimos to the bulk of their henchmen, since even if their powers weren't flashy, they were useful in ways that would stack up fast if applied correctly.

Originally, I could call up to fifty, but after growing in strength with every pull, I can call about one hundred and seventy of them now.

Their druid-like abilities alone would be enough to make them valuable for growing… less-than-legal crops, and the minor boost to speed wasn't anything to scoff at. It would put a normal guy straight into Olympic levels. They probably wouldn't win, but that's already impressive.

But what really made them dangerous was their ability to phase through walls, which turned something simple into a logistical nightmare for anyone on the receiving end. The idea of having dozens of people who completely invalidated any type of physical barrier would shift things heavily in our favor.

I did promise power, after all.

And judging by how the crowd reacted, almost everyone there had taken that promise seriously, scrambling to get in line and secure a place before I changed my mind. Even if they had hesitated to place themselves beneath a kid, the possibility of getting powers changed their mind quickly.

It had been exhausting dealing with all of that, talking more than I ever had in one sitting, all while leaning into a vague inspiring tone that Leadership insists was necessary for these kinds of gatherings.

Eventually, I cut it short and told the important ones to regroup here so we could actually discuss our strategy plan, and how things were gonna roll from now on.

They should be here in about ten minutes.

Which left me with nothing to do but watch the clock tick forward.

…

[Retroactive! FEAT: You banged [Rachel Lindt] you brave, brave man, we salute you!

1x Advantage Gold Gacha Ticket]

​
…you forgot to give me this, didn't you Bob?

{Shut up}

​
I gave a snort, but eh, I got nothing better to do, let's burn away a bit of the tickets in my pocket, I guess.

Turn on Gambler, and start from silver and make your way up.

Roll! = 2

[Ticket Rank Down!]

[Silver -> Bronze]

​
Gambler, what the fuck?



[Lese Majeste]

|Rare Trait|

Your chutzpah and boldness are perceived as more charming rather than irreverent or disrespectful by people in positions of power, in addition, people in power like nobles, bosses, royalty, etc. find themselves more attracted to you.

​
Alright, never mind, I still ended up with a Rare, which meant I couldn't complain too much.

…though seriously, another attraction-based trait?

I rubbed at the side of my face for a second.

At least this one comes with actual, useful effects instead of just making certain people more attracted to me.

If anything, having my usual attitude come across as charming instead of disrespectful will save me a lot of trouble down the line when dealing with people who had enough power to make things annoying if they feel slighted.

Gambler, don't screw me over again. Let's try a normal Gold.

Roll! = 2

[Ticket Rank Down!]

[Gold -> Silver]



​
…I have a bad feeling about my current luck with Gambler.

[Crazy Lure]

|Rare Trait|

Crazy, Mentally Unstable, or otherwise insane people find themselves more attracted to you, and it is easier to gain their affection and favour, the more crazy they are the more attracted they will be. It is also easier for you to reason with them. READER TEXT ONLY: Warrior Parahumans fall under classification of "Mentally Unstable"

​
I hate to be right.

Anyone looking at my list of traits would probably think it was weird how many of them revolved around making people more attracted to me, but once you factor in how much of a degenerate Bob clearly is, the whole thing starts making sense.

Still, realistically, how many actually crazy people was I going to run into for this to matter?

I could probably ask the Narrative and get a straight answer, but something about that idea felt like opening a door I wanted it to stay closed.

Fuck it, at least this one comes with a built-in advantage beyond the obvious, since making it easier to reason with unstable people sounds like the system handing me both the problem and the solution.

Which you should never do, unless you're a liquor store.

Gambler, please don't fuck this up.

Roll! = 3

[Ticket Rank Down!]

[Gold -> Silver]

​
…bruh.

[Starlight]

|Rare Item|

Terraria - A fancy rapier of light forged from the wing of the empress of light, deals light damage, sends sword beam attacks continuously which penetrate and amplifies the power of Light based abilities when using Starlight as a focus.


Or




[Electromagnetic Sight]

[Uncommon Ability|

Allows the user to change their vision to be able to see electromagnetism and electricity even through walls as well as being able to instinctively distinguish between and understand them.

​
Not much of a hard choice here.

Electromagnetic Sight sounds like a very niche ability that would only be helpful if I suddenly found myself needing to analyze power grids or track electrical signatures through buildings; it wasn't something that would help me in most fights or situations I was likely to run into.

Maybe if I had some weird interaction where electricity became a direct threat to me, or if I started dealing with heavily tech-based enemies, then sure, it would have its place.

The Narrative is trying to tell me something.

I ignore it in favor of looking at the new addition resting in my soul space, letting my awareness settle over it as I take in the details. The moment I did, I couldn't help but feel a flicker of genuine appreciation at what I was looking at.

The rapier was elegant, its golden handguard shaped with a refined artistry, while the blade itself wasn't metal at all, but a steady construct of pale blue light that shimmered faintly as if it were alive.

It was also powerful, like, ridiculously powerful. The amount of mana and power emanating from the thing gave me a rough sense of just how absurdly strong whatever it had been made from must have been. What the fuck is this doing at just rare?

I could use it myself, sure, but I didn't exactly have any experience with rapiers, and more importantly, I didn't have any light-based abilities that could take advantage of what it offered.

I mean, I can always just train myself to adapt New Shadow Style with a rapier.

…though now that I thought about it, I did meet someone yesterday who might actually benefit from something like this.

Wonder if Crystal knows how to use a sword?

Well, something to keep in mind.

Giving the invisible dice that is the Gambler a squinted look, I try to think if it's rolls were detrimental or somehow good in the first place.

Gambler, redeem yourself!

Roll! = 14

[Change Ticket Type!]

[Random -> Abilities]



​
Oh? I would have thought it would be Familiars, but I'm not complaining.

[Physical Trauma Response]

|Elite Ability|

Your flesh, it hardens in response to physical trauma. When experiencing sudden impacts and or strikes above a certain threshold, your muscles, fat, skin, and every layer of your body on the point of impact compacts and locks together briefly to form an armored layer to defend yourself against physical trauma without impeding movement.




Or




[Time Accel]

|Elite Ability|

Fate - You are able to speed up the time of your own body by increments of 2x, 3x, 4x... the more you accelerate however the more strain is put on your body and mind.

​
There are very few times I have ever been indecisive, but this managed it.

That didn't happen often.

Both of these were insane in their own ways, because each one covered a completely different angle of combat, and both of them fit perfectly with what I already had.

Physical Trauma Response would make my durability spike even higher, especially when stacked with my Oni transformation. I doubt there would be anything that could actually hurt me physically at that point.

Time Accel, on the other hand, would push my speed and reaction time into a completely different league, letting me operate at levels where most opponents wouldn't even be able to perceive what I was doing, and I'm sure I can push past 4x easily enough with everything stacked as I do.

…fuck, I don't know which to pick.

After a moment, I let out a quiet exhale and reached into my pocket, pulling out my wallet before fishing out a coin, because if I was stuck between two equally good options, then I might as well leave it to chance and see what my gut did afterward.

Heads for Physical Trauma Response.

Tails for Time Accel.

I flicked the coin into the air, watching it spin briefly before closing my eyes as it came down, making sure I didn't subconsciously influence the outcome, since with everything stacked on me, I could predict how it would land if I paid attention.

The coin dropped.

I caught it cleanly.

Heads.

Physical Trauma Response.

I nodded slightly at the result… and then immediately reached out and chose Time Accel.

Because the moment my mind settled on Physical Trauma Response, there had been the faintest hint of regret.

Back in my old life, one of the Malucos had shown me that trick when I couldn't decide between two guns after finally saving up enough money to splurge a little, telling me to flip a coin and then pay attention to how I felt about the result rather than the result itself.

If you regret the result, you already know what you want.

And as I chose Time Accel, I felt no regrets, so I was satisfied.

Since Time Accel was a great ability to always have on standby, I immediately put it on in one of the Ability slots, taking out Flamethrower, leaving Blessing on the other slot available.

I turned Gambler off for the higher rolls, because there was no way in hell I was risking downgrades on the best tickets I had with my current luck.

[Knighting]

|Epic Ability|

You can convert an ability of yours into an Armament that you can bestow upon someone willing to receive. The abilities of the weapon or piece of equipment they receive are based on the ability you have bestowed. Once they accept your gift and are knighted, they are unable to refuse your orders as your vassal. If you take an armament back from a Knight, they lose their status and can never be knighted again. They must know the burden of the armament you are bestowing for this ability to work. A Knight can be teleported to your location every 24 hours.

​
…bruh.

This is… isn't this just another version of Install Cards, except now it works directly with my abilities?

It would've been absurdly good if I didn't already have Install Cards to hand out powers like candy.

Still, it did have some other effects, like my Knights being unable to refuse my orders. Eeew, that sounded disgusting.

Hmm, thought it wasn't redundant as much as it was another layer that I could use to further enhance my subordinates. Two Install Cards can't be used by one person, but if I give them an Armament, it'll basically be another additional ability, and teleportation, even if limited.

Maybe I keep it for later, use it as a way to formally elevate my generals, turn it into an actual ceremony that cements their position instead of just handing them power and calling it a day. With Leadership nudging me in that direction and Acting backing it up, I could probably make it into something that looked and felt legit.

Hopefully, it'll set a precedent for the rest of my subordinates.

Though the fact that they need to agree, and know the clause that they won't be able to refuse my orders, means that a lot of people won't take the offer.

[Animorph]

|Elite Ability|

Allows you to freely morph into any mundane animal you are aware of, you can still utilize all of your abilities as an animal but you inherit their physical abilities and characteristics.

​
Not something I'm very interested in, it wasn't bad by any means, it just didn't immediately click with how I usually operated. Turning into animals had its uses, sure, especially when it came to stealth or infiltration, but I already had more than enough raw power and utility to handle most situations without needing to turn into a bird or a rat.

I guess I can turn into a dog and see if Rachel's power works on me?

Hmm, how would Rachel react if I got to turn into a dog?

…let's not go down that rabbit hole.

I could just give it away.

Huh.

Look at that, I'm already thinking about how to use Knighting.

With that done, my attention shifted to the last ticket, the one that stood above the others in terms of rarity.

Outside of the divine ticket that gave me Eradication Fist, which was still by far my best pull, this was the highest-tier reward I'd gotten.

Alright, let's roll.



[Ice Age]

|Epic Ability|

Allows the user to freeze objects and create incredible volumes of ice at will, freezing entire cities and buildings, launching ice boulders that weigh thousands of tons, impale people with pillars of ice. With enough training, they can turn entire cities into mountains of ice.




​
I let out a low whistle.

This kind of reminds me of Articuno, except without the whole fragile durability issue.

The raw output alone was insane, freezing entire cities? Ice Boulders weighing thousands of tons? This was a huge amount of firepower at the tip of my hands.

Still, I didn't immediately feel the urge to use it.

Not because it wasn't good, but because my fighting style leaned heavily toward getting up close and personal, relying on my body and everything enhancing it, rather than standing back and throwing out large-scale attacks.

I'd have to train with it, get a feel for how it worked, to integrate it into what I already do instead of treating it like a separate tool.

Ah well.

If it ends up not fitting me, Knighting gives me an easy way to pass it on to someone who can actually make full use of it.

As I finished going through the rewards, something clicked in the back of my mind, and I paused for a second before mentally checking over what I had.

Oh, nice.

With this, I'd finally hit ten abilities, which meant I now had three Ability slots to use.

I slotted Flamethrower back in, since it was still the ability I had the most experience with and the one I could use instinctively without needing to think about it.

With that settled, there wasn't much left to do.

I leaned back again, eyes drifting toward the clock as the seconds ticked by at an annoyingly slow pace.

…how long are they going to take to get here again?


POV: Pritt Martinez

"Run that by me again?" Pritt asked, her voice flat with exhaustion as she rubbed at her eyes.

"Something huge is happening tonight!" Leah answered immediately, practically bouncing where she stood.

"And you know this how?" Pritt shot back.

"Well…" Leah started, suddenly looking a bit sheepish as she scratched the back of her head, "It's just that my dad was using his military outfit—"

She straightened almost instantly with certainty. "And I've never seen him wear it before, so that's gotta mean something big is about to go down!"

Pritt stared at her for a long second, "Is this why you dragged me out of bed at two in the morning?"

"Yup!"

"Do you understand how dangerous that sounds?"

"Psssst—" Leah waved her off like the concern, "with you here, what danger is there?"

Pritt forced her face to stay neutral, even as something twisted in her chest.

Being best friends with Leah wasn't exactly easy when the girl got an idea stuck in her head and refused to let it go, pushing forward with the same stubborn energy her father had.

At that point, Pritt had long since learned that resisting just meant getting dragged along anyway, so it was usually easier to just follow and deal with whatever came after.

It didn't help that Leah had been even more energetic than usual lately, ever since she found out the truth.

That Pritt was a parahuman.

Leah had taken it… badly, in Pritt's opinion, though not in the way most people would expect, because instead of fear or hesitation, she had been excited, almost thrilled, smiling like it was the coolest thing in the world while lightly scolding Pritt for keeping it a secret.

Pritt hated that.

If it were up to her, it would have stayed a secret forever, because cape life wasn't something to get excited about; it was messy and dangerous and more trouble than it was worth, and she didn't want Leah anywhere near it if she could help it.

When she had to pull on the mask and deal with that ABB group trailing them, she let her frustration bleed into every hit she landed, and even now, just thinking about it made a faint crackle build at her fingertips, static dancing along her skin before she forced it down.

Things had been good before that.

She barely needed to put the mask on anymore, only stepping in when her deal with Robert came up or when the itch to stretch got too strong and she went out on her own, sticking to the shadows of the docks where no one really paid attention.

Then that night happened.

Robert came back late, looking like he'd just walked out of something serious, and without much explanation, he told them to stay away from Night's Rest for a while, saying there were 'issues' being handled.

They both knew that by issues, he meant the ABB.

Leah didn't bring up the group that had followed them, so Pritt didn't either. Mostly to save herself from the annoyed Leah when she realised her father already knew Pritt was a cape.

Both Leah and her immediately figured out it had to do with the ABB. Leah didn't say anything about the group that tried to get them, so she also stayed quiet about it.

Still, Pritt had tried talking to him later, catching him alone and asking if he needed help again, if things were getting worse.

That idiot…

"Go home, Pritt. Go live a normal life."

That stubborn fool, just like his daughter. They had a deal!

Still, he was much better than…

…still, he was better than—

Pritt cut the thought off before it could go any further, exhaling slowly as she forced her mind away from that direction, blaming the early hour and the lack of sleep for dragging up things she'd rather not think about.

Leah tugged on her arm again, pulling her forward, and out of habit, Pritt slipped her phone out, her thumb naturally already moving across the screen as she opened her social media.

Most people thought she was glued to the thing, completely absorbed whenever it was in her hands, but that was intentional, a habit she'd built up a long time ago to make people underestimate her, to assume she wasn't paying attention.

It also helped avoid conversations she didn't feel like having.

Right now, though, there wasn't much worth looking at.

But if Leah was right, if something big was actually happening…

Pritt hesitated for a second before switching apps, pulling up PHO instead.

Parahuman Online was the place for this kind of thing, the one site that always had something when capes got involved, whether it was official updates, rumors, or people just throwing theories around in threads that spiraled out of control.

If anything major was going down, it would be there.

And it was.

Pritt stopped walking mid-step, her entire body going still as her eyes locked onto the screen.

Leah noticed immediately.

"What's wrong, Pritt?" she asked, stepping closer, curiosity overtaking her as she leaned in to see what had caught her attention.

Then she saw it.

And she froze too.


■

​
Welcome to the Parahumans Online message boards.
You are currently logged in, Buzzing_Wave
You are viewing:
• Threads you have replied to
• AND Threads that have new replies
• OR private message conversations with new replies
• Thread OP is displayed.
• Ten posts per page
• Last ten messages in private message history.
• Threads and private messages are ordered chronologically.

■

​
♦ Topic: We have a new Gang?
In: Boards ► Brockton Bay ► Villain Gangs
Poit (Original Poster)
Posted On Mar 18th 2011:
Guys, this is fucking crazy, I'm not hallucinating all of this right?

Okay, to give a bit of context, I know a guy who knows a guy, and subsequently it keeps going for a bit. We were just talking when he sent me this video!

For those who don't know, there's been a rise in tensions between the Empire and the ABB because Hookwolf was murdered a few weeks ago. There have been skirmishes here and there, but no full-blown gang war.

But, a few days ago, the ABB apparently decided to say 'fuck it' (Excuse my profanity), and using this tense stand still as an excuse, sent off a threat of war against all non-Cape affiliated gangs.

And then, in response to this, all the normal gangs came together just a few hours ago in a meeting, which is what the video is about. I have no clue how my friend got it, but it looks like it was taken from one of the henchmen. presumably to talk ball about how to deal with the ABB, right?

Wrong! Apparently, not only was there a cape all along with them, one who decided to answer back against the ABB, and throw down the gauntlet, with everyone else falling under him!

[Video Plays: A start-to-finish shaky POV of Ura Douji making his speech]

I don't even know what to say, this is crazy, as far as I know, this is perhaps the most visible and public showing of a cape gang formation, right?

I thought he was an unknown, but his name kind of rings a bell. Does anyone know him?

Also, the promises that this guy made, how fucking insane are they? He's basically spiting on the face of the Heroes! How bad are things in Brockton, where the villains make promises like they're heroes?!

And how sleep-deprived am I to actually start to believe in him?

Guys, am I hallucinating?

(Showing page 1 of 4)

►Answer Key
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
First

►Iblis
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Holy shit, OP, how the hell did you get this?

►Chrome
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Of course, cause that's exactly what we needed right now, another gang!

At least the guy is hot.

►Thatdude
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
I don't think we should be focusing on that, more like we should be focusing on the fact that he just TURNED INTO A FUCKING MONSTER OUT OF NOWHERE!

Not only that, but the other capes as well! They all transformed! Are we looking at a team made up of Changers? 100 of them? That's an exaggeration, right?

►Iblis
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Huh, is it just me, or does he sound very convincing? Like, I don't wanna put my stick in here, but I got chills from how he spoke.

►Lo A Quest
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Well done @Poit, with this, you have single-handedly gotten the most developed, detailed, and pristine information on how a Villain rose to power.

Though I'm not very familiar with the cape who's making this speech, he called himself Ura Douji, right? That's definitely Japanese.

Hmm, I'm not an egg head, though, so does anyone know anything about that? Powers, where this guy came from, any info? He doesn't even have a wiki page.

Also, I know he's a villain and all, since crimes are bad, and gangs are bad, etc. but his speech doesn't actually seem that bad?

@Bagrat? You wanna step in?

►Tumbles
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Anyone else noticing that Ura Douji looks young?

Like, he looks like he should be in the Wards type of young?

►Kriketz
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Another teenage villain? Makes you wonder why the hell the adults are following this guy. Maybe he's just a figure head?

Also, that woman really didn't invest much for her costume, did she? Look at that ass!

*This user has received an infraction: Please don't bring explicit comments.

►Nondeceptive
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Keep the horny in your pants @Kriketz, let's not bring the mods cracking down on this Thread okay?

Also, I agree with @Tumbles, Ura Douji definitely looks like a kid.

Well, before he turned into a three-meter-tall hulking monster.

Edit: Goddammit Kriketz

►Kriketz
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
C'mon! I didn't even imply anything! The video itself should be labelled more explicit from what she's wearing!

End of Page. 1, 2, 3, 4

(Showing page 2 of 4)

►Thatdude
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Can yall focus please on the fact that this newly established gang already has five full cape members!
That's already almost an entire 1 to 1 against the Protectorate.
How did they get so many members so quickly? And they all have the same theme of transforming!

►Iblis
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
I'm honestly just waiting for the nerds who know too much classified information to post their findings online.

►Nondeceptive
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
same

►Darkylover (Cape Groupie)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Well, while we wait for the actual professional people to come in, why not talk about a bit of what we can see?

Ura Douji, that means a few different things in Japanese, but I'm guessing that the guy specifically wanted to go with Demon of the Bay.

So I guess his cape name is just Demon? I think I heard of that name somewhere, but I'll have to do a deeper search.

On top of that, it follows a precipice normally used for Oni, which are Japanese mythological monsters. His physical changes do reflect on the description of Oni's however, so I guess we can say that he does turn into one.

He's should be strong, I mean, three meters and filled with muscles like that? I'm pretty sure he has a Brute rating on muscles alone.

On the other people, can't say much, except that three of them turned into elements, so maybe Breakers?

The military guy didn't change, literally just turned into some kind of metal, while the other two seemed to have turned to stone, but they got bigger, got tails, and wings.

...I don't know if they'll be able to fly with stone wings, but that wouldn't have been the weirdest power out there.

Also, just turning into a harder material already makes you pretty damn difficult to kill.

The name for the gang is interesting, since it links back again to Japanese mythos, as the Night Parade of One Hundred Demons is a pretty famous one. I think we're looking at a leader who is trying to incorporate japanese myths into his gang.

Still, I don't think he actually has that many capes on his gang, or else surely we would have heard of something

►Iblis
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
There we go
Everyone, bow to the nerd

►Nondeceptive
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
I bow

►Kriketz
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
I bow

►Tumbles
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
I bow

►Lo A Quest
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
I bow

►Aloha
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Okay, so, does anyone else is kind of having a bad feeling that'll come with this? Because, sure, before hand we were already having trouble with the Empire and the ABB flexing against each other, but now we have a new gang on the block and they immediately try and go for the ABB?

Hopefully, the Protectorate will be on top of this if it escalates.

End of Page. 1, 2, 3, 4

(Showing page 3 of 4)

►Deadman
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Okay, I'll be the first to say and risk an infraction, don't yall think it's a bit weird how a black kid is masquerading as japenese monster in a city where we have a guy playing up as a dragon?

Actually, we also have another playing as an Oni. Wonder what will happen when they meet?

►bothad (Moderator)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
No infraction for you @deadman, but everyone, please be tactful about the subject. If things get out of hand, I will close down the Thread.

►Loyal
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
@Aloha, please, when did the Protectorate ever do anything that actually mattered?

►Nondeceptive
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Hey hey, let's not get into an argument here, please, and focus on the newly established gang, right? You can argue later, on another Thread.

►Bagrat (Veteran Member) (The Guy in the Know)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Well, look no further, because I finally got back from my sources with the juicy tip bits that I needed to create a working theory.

►Darkylover (Cape Groupie)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Nice, I still want to know what your sources are exactly.

►Miss Mercury (Protectorate Employee)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
So do we

►Bagrat (Veteran Member) (The Guy in the Know)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
And you will continue to wonder.

Anyways, from what I managed to scrounge up, this isn't actually the first appearance of Ura Douji, or Demon for short.

You all know that tensions between Empire and ABB were high because of the detah of Hookwolf, what most don't know, because it was simply briefly touched upon, is the fact that Ura Douji had been the one last sighted to be fighting Hookwolf on the day of his death.

Since it's very likely that Ura Douji was the one who killed Hookwolf, I'll be using that as a basis for his abilities.

The state they found Hookwolf in, uhm, isn't for the light-hearted, so check the news link at your own risk [LINK]

But from his body we can gather that Ura Douji has a massive amount of strength, their battle quite literally almost brought down the entire warehouse. On top of that, from the amount of blood that was found on the scene, almost equivalent to an entire adult, we can gather that Ura Douji took damage (As Hookwolf doesn't bleed), and yet the Demon seems completely fine in the video, which makes me believe that he has some type of regeneration power on top of his strength.

While I haven't yet managed to get anything from the others, where they came from, and what their powers are, I did find a fact that every single person here seems to be affiliated with Night's Rest, a bar.

To give a bit of context, Night's Rest was a topic of contention, as there were loose links that made people believe that it was a spot where various criminal elements not associated with capes gathered. A neutral zone of sorts, as per the words of the speech.

And what a speech it was. Very unlike what many would expect from a villain, it seems like the main motivation behind Ura Douji, is for the expansion of the neutral zone.

As if that's his real intention, I don't know, but I can't help but feel slightly pessimistic. It's rare to find people in power who keep their word, especially someone who openly affiliates themselves with criminal gangs. I feel more like this is just Ura Douji dressing up his real intentions to become a major player, or even the only player in the entire underworld of Brockton Bay.

But even if I feel pessimistic, I also can't lie and say that his words don't touch a very sensitive subject for all those who live in Brockton.

If anyone has any other piece of news, then reach out to me please.


►Iblis
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
As always, @Bagrat is the fucking gee, pulling info out of his pockets whenever we need it.

►Kriketz
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Holy shit, he's the one who killed Hookwolf?!

Oh damn, a kid killed Hookwolf, I don't know how to feel about this.

On one hand, that's just straight-up murder. On the other hand, it's Hookwolf.

End of Page. 1, 2, 3

(Showing page 4 of 4)

►Sothoth
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
I, for one, feel nothing but gratitude. Hookwolf was already destined for either the birdcage or a kill order. In my eyes, Demon just did us all a favour.

Also, the kid is fucking scary strong, look at how Hookwolf is, it's like a crushed can!

►Antigone
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Well, there goes my appetite

Do you guys think that's why he's the leader here? Since he's the one with the kill count on his hands compared to the unkowns?

►Bagrat (Veteran Member) (The Guy in the Know)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
I wouldn't say that.

While I don't want to say too much, in case I go right over the line while I'm trying to tip toe, the fact is that Ura Douji managed to get this meeting underway in just a few days, which means that he must have some pretty deep connections.

And look at everyone's costumes, that's not a scrap by type of gear, or something last minute put together. Which means they all had support of some kind, which in this case, very likely means the gangs.

What I'm trying to say, is that it's very probable that the capes had been gang members before becoming capes, or maybe they had been some pretty under-the-table type of villains.

I doubt Ura Douji is the only one with blood on his hands.

►bothad (Moderator)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
No infraction, but you're getting pretty close to demasking theories, so steer away from it.

►Tumbles
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
So we're looking at a newly formed gang, that somehow managed to evade the police and the PRT's notice and created a strong foundation, already with dozens, if not hundreds of members, and is basically ready to wage war?

Only in Brockton Bay.

►Loyal
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Only in Brockton bay

►Darkylover (Cape Groupie)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Amen!

►Iblis
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Man, is Brockton Bay that bad?

►Bagrat (Veteran Member) (The Guy in the Know)
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Yes

►Kriketz
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
yes

End of Page. 1, 2, 3, 4

(Showing page 5 of 4)

►Deadman
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Yup

►Nondeceptive
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Believe it or not, this is actually better than it was a few years ago

►Iblis
Replied On Mar 18th 2011:
Somehow, I believe you

End of Page. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5

■

​
There were more messages flooding the thread, but Pritt didn't bother reading them as her finger moved almost on its own, tapping the video that had everyone losing their minds.

The screen shifted.

And there he was.

That was Samuel.

He looked different, enough that someone who didn't know him well might hesitate, with his hair styled back and those strange black-and-white eyes catching the light in a way that felt almost unreal, while the mask covering the lower half of his face obscured just enough to make his features harder to pin down at a glance.

But Pritt knew it was Samuel, a certainty of having worked with him almost every day of the week for the last few weeks.

And from how slackjawed Leah was, she also realised the same thing.

Pritt had always known Samuel was a parahuman; there was no way she wouldn't have, not after seeing him take down six grown men, fighting with such a bullshit level that no normal person could hope to replicate without literally decades of pure dedication.

Not only that, but his growth was astounding. He went from barely larger than her to almost a full head above her and putting on pounds of pure muscle that stretched against the seams of his clothing in two weeks.

At the time, she simply brushed it off, except for that part of her that loved the sight, not that she would do anything, not with how hard Leah was crushing on him.

Samuel was hot; that was just an undeniable fact, so she should be able to enjoy the way his clothing seemed so much tighter, right?

Hmmm, that ass~

Wait, no, stop that, focus on the important things first.

Still, while the comments and posts kept spiraling into debates about his abilities and the people standing beside him, Pritt found her thoughts circling back to something else entirely, replaying a single line over and over again as if it had burned itself into her mind.

"I'll protect you."

A stupid thing to say. One told by powerless people who didn't understand what it meant to carry that weight.

"I'll protect you."

The arrogance of it made anger flare hot in her chest, the sheer audacity to put such a heavy burden on his shoulders, like it was such an easy thing to do.

Except…

That's just how Samuel is, isn't it?

The thought slipped in before she could stop it, and Pritt let out a quiet, almost disbelieving breath that bordered on a laugh, because she knew, she knew that what he had said wasn't a naive declaration meant to impress a crowd.

He meant it.

He had already decided, already set himself on that path without hesitation, and now he was just stating it out loud.

It's the same at work, completely unwilling to back down once he made up his mind, simply So why didn't she hate it?

Why didn't it irritate her the way it should?

Maybe it was because, in some strange way, Samuel felt like the opposite side of the same coin Leah stood on.

Where her best friend charged forward with a bright smile, her optimism pushing her ahead no matter what stood in the way, Samuel's determination seemed to be ice cold, and razor sharp, ready to cut through anything in his way.

"O.M.G!"

Pritt flinched slightly at the sudden squeal

Oh no.

"Two of my friends are capes!" Leah practically launched herself forward, wrapping her arms around Pritt in an overly enthusiastic hug before she could react.

"L-Leah, get off—" Pritt tried, her voice muffled as she attempted to pry her off.

"Nope! I'm too happy right now!" Leah pressed closer, rubbing her head against Pritt's shoulder with zero regard for personal space, her eyes practically sparkling. "I know two heroes!"

That made Pritt freeze, her body unintentionally locking up, before her hands slowly came up, gripping Leah's arms and pulling her back in a firm push to create space.

Leah blinked, surprise flickering across her face, followed by a hint of concern as she looked at her more closely.

"Pritt?"

She didn't answer.

Because she knew what Samuel was, regardless of what the comments argued or how the PRT would label him once they got involved.

He was a hero.

In his own way, with his own rules, but still.

She wasn't.

She never would be.

"Pritt?" Leah tried again, her voice softer this time.

Pritt forced a smile onto her face, the mask coming easily. "C'mon, you wanted to go check on them, right?"

"Y-yeah, but…" Leah hesitated, her gaze lingering with worry.

Worried.

About her?

Before that line of thought could go any further, Pritt reached out, grabbing Leah's hand and giving it a small tug, pulling her along.

"C'mon," she said with a teasing edge, "we need to go meet Ura-Douji."

Leah's reaction was immediate, her expression shifting into an exaggerated pout as she followed. "Oh man, I'm so mad! I just realized Sam totally lied about being a cape!"

Pritt snorted.

"By the way," Leah continued, already moving on as she glanced down at her phone again, "Ura-Douji is a pretty weird name for an American. Do you think it's gonna catch on?"

"Well," Pritt replied, a hint of amusement slipping into her voice as she thought back to what she had seen online, "he does have another nickname getting thrown around."

After all, you are the leader of demons, right Samuel?

[King of Demons]

​



AN: And that's the chapter.

First, about Samuel's rolls, they were good, like, even when being brought down a rank, Samuel consistently managed to roll well. Hell, when he got Physical Trauma, I almost picked it entirely for the "They harden in response to physical damage.", but ended up going with Time Accel, because any time manipulation is bullshit.

Also, Crazy Lure is hilarious, and when I was thinking, it counts Mentally Unstable as well, and, well, every Warrior Parahuman had to go through their Trigger Events, and the majority of them never got Therapy, and they have the Conflict Drive, even if it's minimal.

And finally, we got Pritt's POV! A bit of hints on her past here and there, a bit of a tease on what her ability is, but most importantly-!

The first PHO segment, yahooooO!
I will never fucking do this again.

It was such a fucking pain, like, I cannot stress enough. For the PHO part, I literally spent an entire fucking day trying to figure out how to make It sound natural, thinking about people's responses, their level of information that is natural, everything.

And I still don't like how it turned out, but I quite literally couldn't think of how to make it better, so be satisfied!

Thank you all for reading, hope you enjoy it!

Last edited: Jun 12, 2026
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:EvilSmirk, MrLusty, Dwooly and 1,225 others
PassingBy
Apr 23, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 15: The Demon King’s Employee Orientation
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
May 12, 2026
Add bookmark
#893
POV: Samuel
Date: 18th​ of March, 2011 – Midnight/Early Morning

Such a fucking drag.

I pushed open the doors of Night's Rest and stepped outside, letting the cold night air hit my face as I breathed out slowly, trying in vain to scrub the last hour from my brain before permanent damage.

Criminal politics were somehow just as fucking boring as governmental ones.

Not that I actually knew how boring government politics were firsthand, but people bitched about them constantly, so I figured the reputation had to come from somewhere.

You'd think criminals would have a completely different system, right? Something simpler, maybe a few threats tossed around, and then everyone gets on with their lives.

Nope.

Turns out that, at the end of the day, nobody likes losing power, whether they're wearing a suit in a government building or carrying a gun in the back alleys of Brockton Bay.

Thankfully, I had ways to keep my newest officers cooperative without needing to crack skulls every five minutes, because promises of future Install Cards mixed with the reminder that I could personally fold them in half did wonders for keeping negotiations smooth, especially when Leadership kept nudging conversations in productive directions.

Honestly, I would've been completely fucked without my Generals backing me up through all this.

Bryce handled the more ambitious types before they could get ideas above their station, Kelly intimidated people just by her presence and reputation, Mr. Hong managed to calm arguments before they exploded, and Robert kept the whole thing grounded whenever discussions started spiraling.

Without them, the entire meeting probably would've devolved into me slamming my dick on the table until everyone shut up and cooperated.

A surprisingly effective leadership strategy, admittedly, but not the way that I wanted to lead.

Still, we managed to get through the important parts.

Territory management, chain of command, responsibilities, movement of goods, what kinds of crimes we'd tolerate, which ones would get someone beaten into the pavement, what services we'd provide to the people under us, and how disputes would be handled going forward.

A mountain of talking just to establish the outline of everything, and even then, this was only the beginning, because there were definitely going to be more meetings after this while the finer details got hammered out.

At least I managed to force through some policies of my own.

Most of them would've sounded painfully naïve coming from literally anyone else, but overwhelming power does funny things to people's willingness to argue, and once they realized I both meant what I said and had the strength to enforce it, the resistance died down pretty quickly.

For one, no hard drugs on the streets under us.

If we wanted to move serious quantities, then that meant exporting elsewhere, which required more connections, and logistical planning to avoid dragging federal agencies onto our asses.

But honestly?

I just fucking hated the stuff.

Another thing was prostitution.

You do not touch the workers.

I'd seen women back in Salvador sell themselves just to keep food on the table for their families, and more than once I'd overheard stories in Night's Rest about clients who thought paying for someone's time also gave them the right to leave bruises behind, or stories about pimps who treated the girls under them worse than animals.

That shit wasn't happening under me.

If they worked for us, then we protected them, and I made it very clear that if I heard even a whisper about someone abusing them, I'd personally deal with it myself.

Protection rackets were changing too.

Normally, that kind of thing boiled down to businesses paying gangs so their windows didn't mysteriously shatter overnight, but I already had experience acting as actual security back in Night's Rest, and I knew people responded a lot better when protection genuinely meant protection.

So instead of extorting every business in sight, we'd actually enforce peace in our territory.

Crazy concept for criminals, I know.

Some of the newer subordinates were hesitant about all of this at first, especially the ones more used to the old way of doing thing.

Once again, Leadership, Install Cards, and the fact I already had the support of my Generals, each who were actually pretty influential in the non cape gang scene, made most of them fall in line pretty quickly.

The ones who didn't…

Well, they were all kindly kicked out.

But for the ones that stayed- I could practically see the hope building in their eyes.

[FEAT: Create a gang that is somehow an improvement to the city. Which isn't as hard as one might think.
1x Randon Bronze Gacha Ticket]​

With any luck, we'd organize ourselves fast enough to throw back against the ABB once Lung finally decided to retaliate.

And I had a pretty strong feeling that was going to happen very soon.

Hmm.

Might as well roll the Bronze ticket.

Turn Gambler on too.

Roll! = 20!
[Ticket Rank Up!]
[Bronze -> Silver]​

Very nice-!

[Hagmaxxing]
|Uncommon Trait|
Your preferred partners at least twice your age are more attracted towards you, and it is easier to earn their favor. In addition, your romantic partners and your looks never age beyond their peak. Does not stop physical aging, if someone were to die at 80 from age, they still do.​

…

Gambler, why is it that whenever you do work, you always give me this shit?

I sighed, only for my attention to catch on something a second later.

I still had a Silver ticket?

Where the hell did that come from?

{*Cosmic Tentacle forgot about this one*}​

Oh well, roll for it, turn off Gambler, though.

[Glamour]
|Elite Trait|
Miraculous – The supernatural ability of remaining completely unidentifiable while wearing anything you personally acknowledge as your 'Costume.' Much like how a many superheroes and villains somehow remained undiscovered despite recognizable voices, eyes, hairstyles, or mannerisms, the Glamour obscures the connections between your civilian and costumed identities through subtle perceptual distortion. People will fail to connect the dots unless they directly witness your transformation or possess overwhelming proof combined with certainty.
​
Well, that was absurdly convenient.

I had genuinely been wondering what kind of bullshit excuse I was going to come up with once Crystal inevitably realized that I was Ura-Douji after it got out that he had the same eyes I did when we first met

Seems like I was worrying over nothing.

{HOW?! HOW?!-}
​
I ignored Bob's existential crisis.

"Sam?"

I had heard them approaching a while ago, but I'd been holding onto the increasingly desperate hope that if I simply ignored their existence, they would leave and let me to go home and sleep.

Bad strategy on my part.

Turning slowly, I fixed the two girls with the flattest stare I could manage.

"Go back home and sleep."

"I'm not a kid!" Leah shot back immediately, puffing her cheeks out into a pout.

Ignoring the child, I turned toward the marginally more reasonable one.

"What are you doing here at three in the morning?"

"Leah," Pritt answered in a tone, as if it explained literally everything.

Well, it did, so I nodded.

"Hey!"

Both of us ignored her.

As usual, my eyes automatically checked them over for signs of trouble. They were dressed warmer than normal, probably because the cold had gotten nastier as the night dragged on. Leah wore a large coat over a blue shirt and beige dark pants, while Pritt had on a dark purple hoodie with jeans, her hands shoved into the front pocket as she stared at me.

At least Leah wasn't wearing anything with a boob window this time.

Leaning back against the wall beside Night's Rest, moonlight spilled between the buildings and mixed with the dim glow of streetlamps lining the road.

Why the hell are they even here?

I was pretty sure Robert had already warned them to stay away from Night's Rest for now, especially with the ABB situation escalating.

Things were gonna get pretty fucking bad soon, and while I doubted random gang members could actually do much against Pritt if things went south, I didn't want either of them involved.

Then again, unless the fallout had Lung or Oni Lee, nothing too bad would happen thanks to Pritt.

While I still don't know exactly what her power is, my skin prickles, and my instincts spike. It's easy to gauge that she is strong.

"Sammy," Leah suddenly gasped dramatically, "when were you gonna tell us you're a cape?!"

"I'm not," I replied automatically.

The moment the words left my mouth, a weird sense of déjà vu hit me.

Leah stared at me in complete disbelief, her jaw actually dropping open at the sheer audacity of my answer.

I kept a perfectly straight face.

Beside her, Pritt was giving me a long, unimpressed stare.

"Well, how do you explain—" Leah realized I was absolutely committed to this bit and wasn't going to fold under pressure.

So instead, she switched tactics.

With the speed of an amateurish criminal, she snatched Pritt's phone straight out of her hands.

"Hey—"

Ignoring her friend's offended noise, Leah rapidly scrolled through the screen before triumphantly thrusting it toward my face.

"This!"

I raised an eyebrow and looked down at the video playing.

…Who the fuck was filming that shit?

No wonder I got the tickets for becoming enemies with the gangs so quickly, I thought it was just because they had their moles, not because a video of the rally blew up on the internet.

I groaned internally while my expression stayed perfectly flat.

My face might as well have been carved from stone as I looked at Leah. "That ain't me."

Her mouth dropped open again.

"How can you even say that with a straight face?" She looked genuinely astonished.

Dammit, there goes the hope that Glamour worked retroactively. So, if people already 'knew' or strongly suspected that we are the same before I got the Trait, Glamour doesn't take effect.

"Leah, you know how he is," Pritt said, sounding exhausted already. "Samuel did the same thing when he saved us."

Yes, I did.

At the time, it was because I didn't want to get dragged into whatever mess they had going on.

…Actually, thinking back on it now, I had been completely right. If I'd never met these two, this whole war with the ABB probably wouldn't have happened.

"I didn't save you," my mouth replied automatically.

"Oh my god," Leah groaned dramatically, throwing her head back toward the sky. "Will you just accept that you helped us?!"

"I did."

"Yes you did— Huh?"

"I helped you," I corrected calmly, "but I didn't save you. You didn't need saving."

My gaze settled on Pritt as I said it.

Of course, at the time that I fought those ABB members who were accosting them, I had no idea about Pritt's status as a parahuman, but I understood in some underlying instinct of mine that they were not in any actual danger.

"…you knew?" Pritt asked quietly, while Leah was also looking at me in surprise.

"I had a feeling." I shrugged.

Silence lingered for a moment as Leah's eyes bounced back and forth between us while Pritt held my gaze.

Behind the annoyance she usually directed at me, there was fear mixed into her expression.

"Did you tell anyone?" she asked.

"Why would I?"

"…Right." Pritt sighed but nodded at my words.

Afraid? Not just afraid of me passing around her identity, but also afraid of something else?

Hmm, I'm good at detecting and interpreting hostile behaviour towards me, or simple gestures being conveyed.

Unfortunately, I'm not at the level of creating an entire scenario with just these few clues being given.

"So," I asked, "why did you come here?"

"Oh, because I wanted to help!" Leah answered immediately, flashing a bright smile.

Pritt looked dead inside the moment the words left her mouth.

I slowly turned toward Leah.

She smiled even wider.

Then I grabbed both her cheeks and pulled.

"Aou! Aou aou aou! Chamy! Chamy pwease!"

"You problem child."


"So, this is what happened."

"Sam, you said, 'The ABB fucked with us, so we're railing them back' and didn't explain anything past that?"

"You need more?" I asked, honestly surprised. "I thought that was a pretty good summary."

"Of course we need more!" Leah protested immediately.

Pritt rubbed at her forehead. "Samuel, there's now a video of you declaring war on half the city while introducing yourself as the Demon of the Bay."

I give a disinterested hum.

Well, since they asked for it, and they were, in fact, tangibly involved with Night's Rest, I decided to give them a larger description of what happened that night.

I also gave them the short version of my power, which could basically be summarized as, 'I can turn other people into monsters too.'

Both Pritt and Leah immediately agreed that it was bullshit levels of overpowered, and that I was, in fact, a cheating cheater who cheated.

"Skill issue," was my response.

They did not appreciate that answer.

"Alright, your curiosity is satisfied. You can both head home now."

Leah blinked at me. "Wait, seriously? There's nothing we can do to help?"

"What exactly are you going to help with?" I shot back immediately.

She recoiled like I'd physically stabbed her.

"You shouldn't get involved any further," I continued. "We'll handle it from here."

At that, Pritt—who'd been unusually quiet for the last minute—tightened her fists. A dozen emotions flickered across her face before she forced them back down.

She opened her mouth to say something, but Leah beat her to it.

"Sam, I'm serious."

The smile vanished.

Gone was the bubbly airhead routine she wore around basically everyone. Gone was the excitable girl who bounced between conversations like she had springs in her shoes.

Even Pritt looked caught off guard by the sudden shift.

"Leah?"

Ho? So, turns out you can do a face like this.

Leah's serious face is quite something.

"I know I can't do much," she said quietly. "I'm clumsy, and I'm not exactly good at fighting or any of this stuff. I'd probably trip over my own feet before anything important happened."

She took a breath before meeting my eyes directly.

"But Night's Rest is important to me."

There was no hesitation in her voice now.

"It's my dad's pride. One of the last things he still has from my mom." Her gaze drifted toward the bar behind me for a second before hardening again. "And I came to love it too. A place where people can relax for a little while. A place where everyone follows the rules and they're safe."

Ah, I wonder Leah, is the you I'm seeing right now the one behind the mask?

A young girl who puts on the mask of bubbly happiness for the benefit of everyone else?

"And the people there mattered too," she continued, holding my gaze. "I know some of the customers aren't good people. I know a lot of them probably did terrible things."

Her eyes lowered briefly before she straightened again.

"But we still laughed together."

No, it's not a mask, is it? It's who you want to be, so that you can help all those around you.

What a selfish selflessness.

I stayed quiet as she spoke, my expression not changing for a second, while Pritt stared at her in silence.

"If I can help," Leah said softly, "then I want to help, Samuel."

Then the spark returned to her eyes.

"I want to see a city where people can laugh like that everywhere. Just like they do at Night's Rest."

The single wish of a child who doesn't understand how the world works.

Or maybe worse.

The wish of someone who understood exactly how impossible it was and still refused to let it go.

How…

"Childish," Pritt speaks what I had in mind.

"It is," Leah admitted immediately, smiling without shame. "But I can't help feeling that way."

Silence settled between us.

Pritt looked lost in thought, her expression complicated in a way I couldn't fully read.

Leah, meanwhile, just kept staring at me expectantly, waiting for an answer.

Childish, huh?

Yeah.

Building an entire city where everyone could laugh together without fear sounded impossible.

A fantasy.

A stupid dream.

It's also exactly what I was gonna build.

The difference here was that I was strong.

Strong enough that a childish dream like that could actually be held in my hands.

I thought it over for a moment before giving a nod.

"Alright. If this is what you want, then I won't stop you."

Leah lit up instantly, her eyes practically sparkling as a huge smile spread across her face.

"Really?!"

"Really." I glanced at her. "So how exactly are you planning to help us?"

And just like that, all her momentum collapsed.

"Hehe… I'm still working on that part."

Both Pritt and I stared at her flatly.

This girl.

She gave that whole heartfelt speech about wanting to help, and she hadn't even thought about what she could actually do?

This was absolutely going to become a headache-

…Wait.

A realization struck me.

The life of a Mob Boss is not for the weak. Managing people, coordinating territory, planning operations, keeping everyone in line? I could handle all of that just fine thanks to the Gacha. Hell, we were moving so efficiently that this entire restructuring process would probably take days instead of the weeks it normally should.

But there was one thing I hadn't accounted for.

Paperwork.

I'd spent one hour dealing with paperwork -How?! How did we already have paperwork?! - tonight before stepping out for a breather.

One.

And I was already considering abandoning my entire criminal empire.

A terrifying enemy I had never foreseen.

But…

Couldn't I just dump everything on her?

I loved this idea immediately.

Enough that I accidentally smiled.

Leah, meanwhile, looked deeply concerned upon seeing that smile.

"You're going to be my secretary," I informed her calmly.

"Eh?" She blinked.

"Welcome aboard."

I grabbed her frozen hand and shook it firmly.

"Eeeeh?"

"We have many administrative problems requiring your supervision."

"EEEEEEH?!"

While Leah short-circuited, I turned toward Pritt, who was surprisingly paying attention instead of scrolling through her phone.

"Hmm. Your abilities would probably be more useful in field operati—"

"W-wait, hold on!" Leah suddenly grabbed my shoulders and started shaking me. "Why am I the secretary?! I don't know the first thing about being a secretary!"

"Don't worry, you'll be paid fairly."

"That's the least of my concerns!"

Ignoring her continued assault on my shoulders, I kept my attention on Pritt.

"With your skillset, you'd probably be better suited for frontline work rather than administrati—"

"I'm sorry."

Pritt cut me off quietly.

The tone made me pause instantly.

That…

That was a tone I hadn't heard from her before.

"I'm not joining."

Leah froze.

So did I.

Pritt bit down on her lip hard enough that I could see the tension in her jaw. She avoided looking at either of us, guilt written plainly across her face.

"Pritt?" Leah asked softly, shock bleeding into her voice.

Pritt's expression twisted further.

"I'm sorry, I just…" She stopped herself, taking a shaky breath before continuing more quietly. "I can't."

I'm surprised. I'd honestly assumed the two of them were a package deal, but that was probably me projecting expectations onto her without considering how she actually felt about any of this.

So instead, I studied Pritt for a second before nodding once.

"Okay."

Her shoulders loosened slightly at the immediate acceptance.

Pritt nods at me, gratitude flickering briefly before turning away, "I should go. You two still have stuff to talk about."

Leah raised a hand instinctively, like she wanted to stop her, but the words never came. They stayed trapped in her throat while uncertainty spread across her face.

In the end, her hand slowly fell back to her side and she stays quiet, watching as her friend walks further into the night.

It was… disappointing.

I'd hoped she would join alongside Leah. Not just because more manpower would help, but because Pritt herself was strong.

I wanted to fight her, and that told me enough that she could probably challenge one of my Generals in terms of power.

But this feeling was strange.

This wasn't disappointment from losing a useful asset.

It felt closer to—

When Rachel wasn't around during dinner.

…Huh?

That didn't make any sense.

Why the hell would I react like this? At the end of the day, other people's choices were outside my control. I understood that better than most, so why was this bothering me?

My eyes drifted toward Leah.

She still had a hand resting on my shoulder while staring after Pritt's retreating figure, sadness clear in her expression despite her attempt to hide it.

And seeing that made something in my chest feel weird too.

Oh.

Did I consider Leah and Pritt…

My friends?

…Maybe I did.

And watching a friend walk away was surprisingly difficult.

"C'mon," I suddenly said, pulling Leah out of her thoughts. "If you're joining, then we need to introduce you to the others."

"Oh. Okay."

She still looked downcast.

I let out an internal sigh before speaking again.

"We can't force her to fight with us."

"I wasn't going to suggest that!" Leah shot back immediately, only for her energy to dip again moments later. "I just thought we'd all stay together."

I understood what she meant. Those two were basically attached at the hip. Hell, the very first thing Leah did after realizing something major was happening tonight was drag Pritt along with her.

Looking at Leah now, I came to another realization.

She really was my friend.

When the hell did that happen?

Ah, whatever.

I just knew I didn't like seeing her make that face. It left an uncomfortable feeling sitting in my chest.

"Well, you can worry about that later," I said, deciding to distract her. "Right now, you've got a much tougher battle ahead."

"Eh?" That at least got her attention. "What do you mean?"

I opened the doors to Night's Rest and stepped inside with Leah following behind me.

The moment we entered, every single one of my Generals looked up from where they sat around the bar discussing plans, or whatever random nonsense they'd drifted into by now.

Most of them were still wearing their costumes, though the masks had already come off.

Then they noticed Leah.

"Oh?" Bryce spoke first, curiosity clear on his face. "What's this? What's she doing here?"

"Hahaha!" Kelly barked out a laugh. "Hey girl, I should've known you'd end up here eventually."

Mr Hong just watched with patient eyes.

And finally—

Leah locked eyes with Robert.

The man immediately frowned even harder than his usual resting bitch face allowed.

"Oh no," Leah muttered under her breath. "I forgot Dad was here."

Robert slowly crossed his arms while staring at her.

"I have a good explanation for this!" Leah blurted out quickly.

One of his eyebrows rose.

"Uhm… ah…" She turned toward me desperately. "Sammy, back me up—"

Except I was already gone.

Time Accel — Quadruple.

Leah's face flattened into complete betrayal as she slowly turned back toward her father, who now loomed over her

"…traitor." She whispered.


POV: The Mad Bomber
Date: 18th March, 2011 – Late Morning

Her hands had finally stopped shaking.

The room was illuminated by a single fuzzy overhead light, its weak glow spilling across cluttered shelves packed with books, loose papers, and overturned boards covered in thesis.

This place had once been a center of brilliant academic research.

It was where she had spent most of the last four years of her life.

Now it looked like a slaughterhouse.

Entire walls once covered in carefully organized theses and research notes had been ripped down during a fit of rage. Projects she had once treasured lay butchered across the room, cracked apart and hollowed out as fury consumed her thoughts.

Blood stained the table, the chair, and the floor beneath her feet.

Her chest burned.

Of course it did. She had cut herself open with barely any preparation, using crude tools that weren't even close to what a proper surgery demanded.

But she hadn't given a shit.

From the moment everything shattered, her memories blurred together into a haze. She barely remembered forcing the pacemaker into her chest, barely remembered her trembling hands stitching wires into flesh while blood poured down her stomach.

Then the crude stitching focused bomb detonated, sealing the wound shut before she bled out completely. It was messy, but it did it's job, and the threads would be absorbed by her body later, so she forgot about it.

She still needed to clean everything later.

But clarity had returned.

And with it came the anger.

It crashed through her mind like a symphony of violence, threatening to drown every coherent thought beneath it.

How dare they? How dare HIM!

Living through months of having that plebeian for a professor, so obviously singling her out because of her intellect, scrutinizing her work harsher than anyone else, interpreting the requirements for projects differently just to be used against her!

The worst part was how the College ignored her complaints, how they fucking sided with the half-wit, ignoring her brilliance!

What? Was she in the wrong because she couldn't be bothered to interact with those who couldn't keep up with her? Was she being targeted because she couldn't 'lower' herself to act nicely to those who couldn't even begin to understand her mind?!

Was all of her brilliance being pushed down because she didn't suck enough dicks like the sluts who wanted to coast on her genius?!

The thought made bile rise in her throat.

Pure anger had consumed the last several months of her life.

It drove her harder and harder until she abandoned sleep entirely just to recheck her assignments for mistakes that didn't exist. She drowned herself in stimulants to keep functioning because she knew they were trying to sabotage her.

And then it all came down to that fucking exam.

Eighty-nine percent.

By normal standards, it was an excellent grade. A B+ that most students would celebrate.

For failures, maybe.

For people who couldn't maintain a perfect streak of grades.

But it wasn't her grade.

It could never be her grade.

She was the best. It was an objective fact. She had been on track to graduate at the top of her class in two separate majors.

She was a genius; there was no denying that. There was little doubt that anything she picked up would be something she excelled at.

She knew with absolute certainty that her score should have been at least ninety-five percent.

And the moment she received the paper back, she understood exactly what had happened.

A blatant falsification of grades. Her answers had been changed.

The confusion, the exhaustion from months of pressure, and the humiliation of standing there while the professor congratulated her with fake sympathy before expressing disappointment that she 'couldn't quite manage an A' in front of all those idiots—

It became too much.

She didn't remember how she made it back home.

She didn't remember where she found half the materials scattered across the room.

She didn't even remember where the hell the scalpel came from.

It didn't matter.

The deadman's switch had been made and implanted.

And she had planned for revenge. Of course, she had.

Those imbeciles who held her back, the college that ignored everything happening right in front of them, and especially that worthless professor—!

Oh, she would make him suffer specifically for it.

That had been the plan.

Until this morning.

After finishing another batch of bombs, her phone buzzed with a notification of news.

At first, she thought about ignoring it. Her thoughts were sluggish beneath the exhaustion clawing at her skull. Even with the rage still forcing her body forward, she hadn't slept in almost two days.

She thought about taking a small break, and so she reached for her phone.

And everything changed.

'We are the Strongest!'

Her hands stopped shaking.

It was a ludicrous declaration.

And yet, somehow, those words resonated with her.

Right there at her lowest point, with dried blood coating her body and her life collapsing around her, those words reached into her chest and grabbed hold.

What did it mean to be the strongest?

It meant you stood above everyone else.

It meant you were the best.

She wasn't stupid.

Far from it.

She was a genius, and because she was a genius, she immediately understood the implications behind his words.

'I shall carve a path forward!'

The ability to transform into monsters.

The ability to transform others as well.

It explained the confidence pouring from his every movement. Someone capable of elevating even the weakest person into something powerful enough had every right to speak the way he did.

But more than his power, it was he who captivated her.

Even through the grainy quality of the leaked video, his presence dominated everything around him. The way his voice commanded attention, and every word he spoke, echoed with the crowd watching him.

A true leader.

Someone born beyond the masses surrounding him.

And in that moment of fascination, she understood exactly what he was doing.

'And those who put their faith in me-'

He threw down the gauntlet to his enemies.

And opened his arms wide for those who would join him.

'Shall become my Night Parade of One Hundred Demons!'

She rose from her chair, dried blood cracking against her skin as she moved.

Her heart hammered against her chest while a grin slowly spread across her face.

She moved through the piles of bits and machinery scattered around her apartment, grabbing everything important and stuffing it into a large bag as she walked.

Holding a college hostage?

What a pathetic ambition.

No.

She needed to aim higher than that.

She had to rise so far beyond those insects that when she looked down, she wouldn't even be able to see them anymore.

She had to become the strongest.

And for Tamiko Justin—

No.

For Bakuda—

Spoiler: Bakuda

The King of Demons was the answer.


AN: Now, am I a week late?
Yes, yes I am.

I have no excuses, I just looked at this chapter and it wasn't flowing for me, so I kind of got stuck, my fault.

Hope you all enjoyed it! Samuel rolled crazy luck once again, Gambler continues to defy any of my expectations, and Glamour is a bullshit roll.

In other news, Leah has been added, and her Install Card is a secret~ (Thought it also isn't that hard to guess)

In other other news, seems like Samuel's Charm managed to ensnare another target! Let's hope her entrance isn't very explosive *Wink Wink* Also, to say it right now, I am putting Bakuda as an actual certified genius. Not only could she do cranial surgery with her eyes closed (Something which I doubt her Shard gave that much help with), she was also able to make a whole ass bomb with her mouth while wearing a collar without activating its defense triggers. She burned her mouth badly doing that, but she pushed through it without problems, which is insane.

Hope you all enjoyed the chapter, thanks for reading, leave a comment if you want!
Last edited: May 12, 2026
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:EvilSmirk, MrLusty, Dwooly and 1,099 others
PassingBy
May 12, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Interlude 5: The Dictator and his Subjects
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Jun 3, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,001
POV: The Man with One Eye in the Kingdom of the Blind

Date: 18th​ of March, 2011 – Noon

Legacy was as uplifting as it was a burden.

It meant carrying on the will of another, an honourable task that many would claim was noble, even righteous.

At the same time, perhaps the recipient of that legacy never wanted the burden in the first place.

Sarah, his older sister, could have once sat at the top of this empire. Would you have carried it forward?

Or would the expectations, the reality of it all, and what it meant to lead a group so determined to make enemies of anyone who wasn't white, have crushed even you? How long would you have tolerated people who genuinely believed a different skin pigment made them superior?

Max couldn't lie to himself, he could never picture that ruthless woman doing anything except killing whoever annoyed her for too long. Her instability would have been the downfall of the Empire.

For many reasons, Max Anders could never allow this organization to collapse, chief among them being the uncontested authority he held within his little kingdom.

In the empire, as the Kaiser, his words were heard and followed by his people, the legacy of Allfather lived on through him, to spread the Empire's ideology and bring the foreign elements of this city to heel.

But God fucking dammit, his people made him want to bash his head against a wall!

"—And then he goes and posts it all online?!" Crusader snapped, still wearing his armour despite having left his spear propped against the wall. "This is a declaration of war from that boy. We need to act!"

"I agree," Krieg said immediately.

Which only deepened Max's frustration.

Krieg was a General in their hierarchy rather than a mere soldier, meaning his words carried actual importance, which meant he would have to address them sooner or later.

And he would, Kaiser couldn't take this declaration lying down, but he was hoping to address this issue after further discussion.

Several others voiced their agreement, and it came as no surprise that Stormtiger and Cricket were among the loudest.

They were gathered in one of Medhall's private conference rooms, a large space usually reserved for meetings between senior executives.

A long table dominated the centre of the room, surrounded by the capes of the Empire, his 'generals' and 'soldiers', in which the generals have their own little factions behind.

Well, at this point only Krieg remained of his generals, Hookwolf had been another, as had Purity before she left.

The meeting itself had been called in response to the video currently exploding across the internet.

A declaration of war from the King of Demons.

What an audacious title.

Apparently, the internet had embraced it as Ura-Douji's newest moniker.

It was dangerous. Much like how his name as Kaiser brought with it much influence and power because of the connotations, names like 'King' also captured and mesmerised the masses.

The declaration of war wasn't directed solely at the Empire, but that hardly mattered. Hookwolf, one of his Generals, had been killed by the boy.

And what an absolute mess that had become.

Brad had been a sociopath who followed Kaiser largely because of the comforts and freedoms the Empire provided while inflating the man's ego to further heights, but he had also been an exceptionally effective attack dog.

When Max needed a problem removed, Hookwolf removed it.

Losing him had been an enormous blow.

Despite still commanding the largest number of forces in Brockton Bay, the loss of one of his strongest capes had left a noticeable gap in the Empire's power structure.

He had scrambled for information following the incident, yet every report had proven equally useless.

None of the men present during Brad's death could provide anything beyond a description of a humanoid creature with red skin and a single horn, standing almost unnaturally tall.

Either a Case Fifty-Three that had wandered into the city and immediately chosen violence, which wasn't unusual in the slightest, or a Changer vigilante who had decided Hookwolf was a suitable target.

Ura-Douji.

That was all they had.

A name that was obviously Japanese in origin.

Naturally, suspicion had fallen on the ABB, and the result was even more predictable.

His people raged, calling for the justice on the death of Hookwolf, a great warrior of the cause.

The hypocrisy was almost enough to make him smile in amusement.

Well, with his people so incensed, Max needed to respond. And so skirmishes intensified and further pressure was applied across the ABB territory.

The ABB answered in kind.

One retaliation became another until tensions rose high enough that open cape battles would be inevitable.

Then Ura-Douji appeared, and now the ABB had a new challenger who openly declared his intention to tear them down.

Fortune had smiled upon Max.

The pressure between the Empire and the ABB had cooled, if only slightly.

Unfortunately, his luck had never been particularly good, and the leading cape of this newest challenger was an arrogant child who had publicly spat in the face of every major villain gang in Brockton Bay.

Even worse, that same child was responsible for the death of one of his generals.

A response was needed.

And it was needed now.

Kaiser let his gaze travel around the table, his expression hidden behind the visor of his knightly armor. The mask served many purposes, but as of now it allowed him to observe everyone else while revealing anything of himself.

At his side stood Fenja and Menja, silent as statues and just as imposing. The twin women remained attentive to every movement in the room, ready to intervene at a moment's notice. Both were cousins of Heath, his first wife, and through that connection, Kaiser knew where their loyalties lay. They would protect him without hesitation.

Spoiler: Fenja and Menja

Krieg sat nearest to him.

James Fliescher was now his only remaining general after Hookwolf's death, Krieg's faction represented the most disciplined and organized portion of the Empire's forces thanks to his connections with Gesellschaft, and it showed in the man himself. Even seated, there was a military stiffness to his posture, his stylized uniform and gas mask lending him the appearance of an officer preparing for battle rather than a gang member attending a meeting.

Spoiler: Krieg

It was good for image however, selling that what they were doing was above such unsightly thing as gang crimes, even if they were absolutely a criminal villainous gang.

Beside him sat Crusader, who was another matter entirely.

Justin leaned forward in his chair, one armored gauntlet drumming impatiently against the tabletop while his frustration simmered close to the surface. One of the Empire's most valuable capes, Crusader could create dozens of spectral duplicates capable of passing through inorganic matter, giving them numerical superiority in almost any engagement.

Spoiler: Crusader

"That fucking scum!" he snarled.

Crusader was also one of the more vocal voices when it came to minorities.

Beside him sat the source of most of the room's aggression.

Stormtiger was tall, pale, and heavily muscled, his brawler past reflecting on his body. His tiger mask concealed his face, while chains hung loosely around his bare torso and low-slung pants. Kaiser supposed that both Stormtiger and Hookwolf had subscribed to the same fashion philosophy.

Namely, that shirts were optional.

Spoiler: Stormtiger

Cricket sat beside him, unusually quiet.

Her twin kamas rested against her chair, and the cage-like mask covering her face did little to hide the fury simmering beneath. Normally she carried herself with an unsettling enthusiasm, wearing a grin that bordered on manic. But ever since Hookwolf's death she had remained seething in fury.

Spoiler: Cricket

The three of them had been close.

Kaiser had personally recruited all three from the underground parahuman fighting circuits years ago. Hookwolf and Cricket in particular had been exactly the kind of image the Empire liked to project: blonde, blue-eyed, and powerful.

Time spent fighting together and bleeding together inevitably created bonds, even amongst villains. They were still human after all.

His gaze moved on while the discussion continued around him, allowing his capes to vent their frustrations before he intervened.

Victor appeared completely composed.

The man contributed only when necessary, speaking in measured sentences that never wasted words. Perhaps it was a skill stolen from someone else. Perhaps it was something he had learned naturally while navigating as an outsider to the old families and Clans back in Europe.

Either way, it served him well.

He had made his own costume, a black breastplate sat over a blood-red shirt, the armor narrowing into a pronounced V-shape that complemented the carefully created athletic body of his. A good presentation of strength that Victor no doubt understood.

Spoiler: Victor

Alabaster, meanwhile, was following Krieg's lead, which meant that Kaiser would not have to shut him up.

Maybe it's because of his arrogance from being 'immortal', or the fact that his body changed to become literal white skin and hair, but the man is the textbook definition of a white supremacist, incredibly racist towards minorities. He also wore militaristic clothing, much like Krieg.

Spoiler: Alabaster

Finally, there was Rune.

The youngest person present by a considerable margin.

At sixteen years old, there was only so much she could contribute to strategic planning, but excluding her would be a mistake. Young capes needed to feel included, especially when they were as powerful as she was.

The girl was lounged in her seat, and he could see how she was trying her best to pay attention while occasionally glancing around the room, but remained ever so slightly bored at the discussion between the others. She wore clothing that resembled mages of fantasy.

Spoiler: Rune

Well, even if he didn't want to isolate her and drive her away, she was still sixteen, he doubted this was any fun for her.

It certainly hadn't been for him when he was her age.

However, much like he had been, Rune was an incredibly powerful cape, capable of telekinetically lifting multiple objects weighing several tons each, making her one of the Empire's more dangerous recruits.

Fog and Night were absent.

Spoiler: Night and Fog

Not that either would have contributed much.

Those two functioned better as weapons than planners, and Kaiser had never entirely grown accustomed to their unsettling presence.

Whatever Gesellschaft had done to them, it made every interaction feel inhuman.

Othala was absent as well.

Spoiler: Othala

For weeks she had been working herself to exhaustion healing wounded soldiers as the Empire expanded its conflict with the ABB. Her efforts were one of the primary reasons they had been able to maintain pressure on Lung's territory without suffering crippling losses.

She should be resting today.

Thankfully, while the room filled with insults and increasingly colorful threats directed at Ura-Douji, none of his capes seemed bothered by his silence.

A silence he had spent years cultivating.

Most assumed it was intimidation tactic, or that it projected confidence. Others thought it was the mark of a leader who listened before speaking.

The truth was much simpler.

Remaining silent gave him time to think while everyone else filled the room with information to make sure he hadn't missed anything.

The fact that it intimidated people was simply an added bonus.

The discussion continued to spiral.

There were suggestions of raids, some assassinations, thought most of his people seemed to prefer outright direct attacks with increasingly enthusiasm.

"We should hit them now," Stormtiger growled as the direct attack gained more traction, leaning forward in his chair. "The brat just announced himself. His people are idiots and small-timers who joined because of the speech."

"Cut off the fucker before they grow," Cricket agreed immediately.

"The longer we wait, the more difficult it 'll become as they entrench themselves further into the filth of this city." Krieg nodded to them, "However we should also be cautious, lest we lose more members to that cur."

While they bristled at the thought of losing to a kid, both clamed down because there was truth in his words.

Kaiser listened and waited, and once the conversation began looping in circles he finally raised a hand.

Spoiler: Kaiser

The room quieted immediately.

"You are all assuming that Ura-Douji is our greatest threat." Kaiser said calmly.

They remained silent, though a few looked visibly confused by his words.

"The vermin killed Hookwolf," Alabaster said with a frown, as if that alone should have ended the discussion.

"He did," Kaiser agreed easily, inclining his head. "But if we want Hookwolf's death to mean something, then we must first understand exactly what we're dealing with."

He directed that last statement toward Stormtiger and Cricket.

Both looked ready to argue.

Both stopped when his visor settled on them.

"This child has been active for what?" Kaiser spread his hands slightly. "A few days? Yet with a single speech he gathers followers by the hundreds. Four parahumans openly stand at his side, and those are merely the ones he chose to reveal. Perhaps there are more."

He shook his head, allowing a hint of amusement into his voice.

"The timeframe alone should make that impossible."

Well, not completely impossible, but so far fetched that it might as well be. And if Max's assumptions regarding Ura-Douji's power were correct, then it suddenly became entirely possible.

"No, this was simply a play, a desperate show of power to try and gain more influence." He says mockingly, causing chuckles to rouse around the table.

"And in doing so he has made a grave mistake," Kaiser spoke, and most of his people's gaze focused on his words, "His power was laid bare."

"He transforms himself into a monster," Krieg observed thoughtfully.

"And others," Kaiser added.

That was the moment understanding began to spread.

One by one, the pieces clicked together.

Every cape standing beside Ura-Douji had possessed some form of transformation. The monk had been the least dramatic of them, merely gaining a pink aura and an oversized microphone, yet even he had visibly changed.

The others had been far more obvious.

They all had a theme. Recruiting four capes in such a short period of time was difficult. Recruiting four capes who all happened to share the same theme of transformation was absurd.

No, that stunk of power usage.

Victor was the first to voice it, his mind which had stolen dozens, maybe hundreds of skills, definitely held brainstorming and investigative work as one of them.

"A power-granting cape," Victor said. "Or something very close to one."

Kaiser inclined his head.

"A reasonable conclusion."

"Is something like that even possible?" Alabaster asked with scepticism.

Kaiser resisted the urge to sigh.

Of course it was possible.

There are various capes around the globe, and many are capable of giving out powers, or enhancements in mass.

Hell, they even have one here, in the form of Othala.

While the Empire wasn't as unilateral thinking as most people imagine, more often than not they had people like Alabaster, who was a fervent believer of the cause because of his hatred towards others, and not for his intelligence.

Well, most people with intelligence don't believe in Nazism anyway.

"It is," Kaiser replied, "But a limit must exist. Either a limit on how many people to bestow the power, or a time limit. Some kind must exist, and before we take the fight to Ura-Douji, we must be aware of it if we are to avenge Hookwolf."

"It's too dangerous to charge in without information, it risks being overwhelmed by an army of monsters." Victor nodded in assent.

Yes, that would be the true danger of fighting Ura-Douji. Killing the child should be easy enough with his Empire, but fighting against his own Night Parade of demons will all depend on what are the limitations of his power.

Unknown capabilities, unknown numbers, unknown restrictions. Those variables were far more dangerous than the boy who seemed to be only a Brute type of cape.

How tragic, had the boy been anything but black, Kaiser would be more than happy to forcefully induct him into their circles. Enhancement capes were rare, and rarer still were those capable of enhancing others and themselves.

"And so, we will gather information." Kaiser concluded, bringing the discussion back under his control.

"We shall watch his conflict against the ABB. The Night Parade is young, and it's leadership rest in the hands of a child of inferior stock. Their members have no established working relationships, and their organization was founded barely a day ago, it barely exists."

His words, as his visor slowly went through each and every person in the desk, made several backs straight out, and expression harden as confidence returned.

Even Fenja and Menja who stood behind him, he could feel how they also stood straighter.

"They are weak." Kaiser declared, watching carefully as the effect took place, a ripple through the room as his soldiers grinned, smiled.

"The ABB will fight them, both grinding each other down while we remain pristine. Their people will die, their resources will be spent, and when the dust settles?" he paused for a dramatic moment as the eyes followed his hands.

That child who believed himself a King, the first thing he did was declare war. Was the power to gain more capes, and boasts of his allies so great that it got to his head?

Wonderful either way, for the monsters will tear each other into chunks, and the exhausted forces will be left behind for the Empire to come and claim it's prize.

"We shall finish it in one full sweep." A smile tugged at his mouth.

"The Empire will have it's revenge, of that I promise," He added a ruthless tone at the end to sell the speech further.

Stormtiger's lips slowly peeled into a vicious grin.

Cricket's eyes gleamed.

"And when the time comes," Kaiser continued, "we will remind Ura-Douji exactly where he belongs."

The room remained silent.

"Beneath his betters."

That earned several approving chuckles.

Exactly as intended.

The tension that had dominated the meeting gradually eased as discussion shifted toward future opportunities instead of immediate retaliation.

As the conversation resumed around him, Max Anders allowed himself a small measure of satisfaction.

People often imagined leadership was about inspiration.

Others thought it was authority.

Some believed it was strength.

In reality, leadership was much simpler.

You gave people a direction to look.

You gave them a target for their emotions.

And once again, every person in this room had followed exactly where he guided them.

The kingdom remained his.

The blind simply had not noticed the hand steering them.


POV: Samantha, the Young Nazi Girl

Date: 18th​ of March, 2011 – Afternoon

As soon as the meeting was done and over with, Tammi left.

Well, maybe not as soon as it was over, because that would imply an insult, so she waited an appropriate amount of time before saying her goodbyes and mentioning something about studying to further her education.

Which was a laughable topic, considering she wouldn't be anything but a cape for the rest of her life, but it helped get people off her back. Apparently, having degrees and certifications garnered more respect than simply admitting you were uneducated.

Ironic since she doubted a few members even finished basic schooling.

Thankfully, Kaiser had already arranged an excuse for why she didn't attend school today, with the story being that she worked part-time as an expat employee at Medhall. She had the 0paperwork and certificates to back it up, so whenever cape business called, she could simply use that as her explanation.

Honestly, if it were up to her, she wouldn't have attended the meeting at all.

It was difficult trying to follow along with everything they discussed, forcing herself to pay attention in case her name was suddenly called and she needed something intelligent to contribute. At the same time, experience had taught her that she would rarely be heard anyway, so speaking up felt largely pointless.

She tried, of course she did.

When she first joined the Empire nearly two years ago, she'd made genuine efforts to participate, but it quickly became obvious that not only did a fourteen-year-old have very little to add to conversations involving veteran capes and gang leaders, but anything she did say would usually get dismissed, even when they were trying to be polite about it.

Sometimes they were polite.

After the first few months, Tammi simply decided it was easier to stay quiet and let the adults talk.

Because of that, her mind often wandered.

And really, there was only one thing worth thinking about right now, wasn't there?

Ura-Douji.

A dangerous person.

In fact, he was practically the perfect image of the enemy the Empire claimed to fight against, made even more perfect by the fact that he was black.

He might be the first black gang leader in Brockton Bay in quite some time, which would certainly set the Empire's members on edge.

And he killed Hookwolf.

That was the worst part of all this.

Tammi had been surrounded by dangerous capes ever since she triggered. It came with being born into the Herren Clan, and some of the people she grew up around were ruthless and vicious, and Hookwolf would be right at home with them.

And Ura-Douji killed him.

Her thoughts paused as she reached a house.

Tammi had changed before leaving Medhall, naturally. The robes of Rune had been replaced with a jacket worn over a white low-cut shirt and a red skirt.

Spoiler: Tammi

It hadn't taken long to get here, and without much thought she pulled a key from her jacket pocket, unlocked the front gate, and stepped inside.

The front door was already unlocked.

Which meant Carina was awake.

The moment she pushed the door open, Tammi was greeted by the fresh scent of food being cooked. She could smell chicken, mixed with a handful of other aromas drifting through the house from the kitchen.

"Honey? Are you back already?" came a voice from deeper inside the house.

The front door opened into a spacious living room, while the connected kitchen sat just out of sight around the corner.

"Just me!" Tammi called back as she slipped off her shoes and set down the backpack she carried to put her jacket in the hanger. Inside were a bunch of assorted items she'd marked in case of any attacks while she was walking in town, a scissor, a good block of cinder, etc, and a spare costume she kept on hand for emergencies.

"Oh, hello, Tammi. Was your day good? Are you hungry?"

Coming into view, wearing an apron over a set of fluffy clothes was her cousin, Carina.

Or Othala, when she was in costume.

She was a cute little thing, with soft blonde hair, bright blue eyes, and a gentle smile that always seemed to come naturally.

Spoiler: Carina / Othala

How Victor managed to score her cousin, Tammi had absolutely no idea.

All she knew was that Carina was hopelessly infatuated with her husband.

She would have called it manipulation if she didn't also know that Carina had been in love with Victor long before he became a cape, before he had any idea of who she was, back when he was still just Nico, a clever young boy who had been brought into the Clan because of his quick wit.

The whole arranged marriage thing still made her uncomfortable, though thankfully, she'd managed to dodge that particular bullet. It only became worse when she remembered that Carina was currently seventeen while Victor was twenty-one.

She'd been even younger when they got married.

How her second degree cousin managed to play the role of wife so happily was something Tammi would never understand.

"Not really. I'll eat later," Tammi replied, giving Carina a quick hug before heading toward the stairs. "I'll be in my room studying if you need anything. Oh, and Victor's probably going to be out for a while. Kaiser wants him gathering information on the new guy who showed up."

Victor's role within the Empire was difficult to define.

Because he was a cape, he was expected to participate in cape conflicts alongside everyone else. At the same time, thanks to the absurd number of skills he'd accumulated over the years, Victor also served as their spymaster, the head of their intelligence network, their quartermaster, chief logistics officer, and about a dozen other positions that would normally require entire departments to manage.

Tammi still wasn't entirely sure what it was he actually did all day, but she doubted it amounted to anything less than the workload of several dozen people.

Because of that, it was probably safe to say that the man was completely loaded.

Investing was definitely another skill he'd stolen somewhere along the way, now that she thought about it.

The house was located in one of the nicer parts of town, not too far from downtown Brockton Bay. It had a large garden, a beautiful view, and more rooms than the two of them could reasonably need.

One of those rooms belonged to her.

For that, she was genuinely grateful.

Both Nico and Carina had allowed her to stay with them whenever she needed somewhere else to go, especially during the times she couldn't stand the thought of returning home to deal with her fucking parents.

With any luck, it would be many more before she had to again.

Well, she was grateful to Nico, but the man still made it difficult to actually tell him that to his face.

The sheer arrogance he carried around came naturally when someone possessed as many skills as he did. Victor was incredibly valuable, and unfortunately, he knew it.

Were all Thinkers like that?

"Alright, have a good study session."

Carina's smile dimmed slightly at the news, but she quickly bounced back and returned to the kitchen.

The moment the bedroom door clicked shut behind her, Tammi tossed her bag toward the corner and flopped onto her bed, closing her eyes as she let herself relax now that she finally had a bit of privacy.

And now that she was alone...

A faint blush crept across her cheeks as she pulled out her phone.

She swallowed.

Part of her felt embarrassed by what she was about to do.

Another part felt excited.

It was the same feeling that always pushed her forward.

The thrill of rebellion.

Opening a hidden file, entering a random password, and navigating through another layer of verification, she finally accessed the video stored inside.

A saved copy of Ura-Douji's speech.

Maybe she could come up with some excuse about studying a potential enemy, searching for details that might help in future conflicts, or memorizing his features so she could identify him out of costume.

Those would all be complete lies.

Well, not entirely.

Because she was absolutely trying her best to burn the contours of those delicious muscles into her memory.

Tammi couldn't stop watching the video.

Not only was it everywhere online, endlessly reposted and discussed, but every time it appeared, she found herself pressing play again without even thinking about it.

The boy in the recording, despite looking like he'd been sculpted by some particularly generous god, wasn't even that much older than she was.

And yet...

Tammi had never seen someone so-

Grand.

He looked above everything around him.



His gaze was cold and unwavering, as though nothing in the world could make him flinch. His posture carried an effortless confidence that should have been arrogant, but in turn made it so much more attractive.

His voice so strong it sent chills down her spine.

It was intoxicating.

Tammi knew it went against everything the Empire stood for, but the words that echoed through her mind weren't the threats or declarations.

It was the promise.

The absolute conviction that was held behind everything he said.

It reminded her of when she was even smaller now, when she ran away, leaving her parent and going back to the clans. Not that there was a 'going back' since the clans were just this looming thing in the back of her life that parents were so proud of leaving behind.

Of course, they'd somehow managed to keep all the worst parts while abandoning everything else.

Calling them controlling didn't even come fucking close!

Every single aspect of her live had to be reviewed and approved by them, it had to be managed and agonised over.

Tammi couldn't become anything beyond what they envisioned for her, and it drove her nuts.

So she ran.

And when she did, her uncle welcomed her into the Clan with open arms.

Her parent's wouldn't even let her have a birthday party, so her uncle threw an entire event at the beach to celebrate her arrival.

He made her feel like she was the centre of the universe.

Her first beer, even thought she was underaged, a smile shared between the two of them. Music, something her parents weren't too keen on having her learn, her uncle brought her to a stage for the first time.

And then committing to the cause, passing the initiation and then being welcomed by the others.

It made her feel special.

The feeling of being special didn't go away until she triggered. It's actually hilarious now that she thought about it, in a fucked up kind of way.

The thing that ultimately made her valuable to the Clans, to the Empire, to the cause itself, was also the thing that showed her how superficial everything really was.

Back then, she had been caught up in a mission she never should have been involved in.

And when things went wrong, they hung her out to dry.

The trial—if it could even be called that—was a complete sham.

None of the support she had believed in ever appeared.

Her uncle never showed up. The friends she had made within the Clans were nowhere to be found. The only people who attended were her parents, and they made sure to emphasize exactly how disappointed they were in her.

Then came juvie.

God, that place was a complete shitshow.

Even among criminals, the little Nazi girl painted an obvious target on her own back.

All the support, all the promises, all the talk about solidarity and brotherhood became meaningless when she was dragged aside and beaten black and blue.

And it kept happening.

Weeks became months.

She tried, by God, she really tried.

She tried to be the good soldier the Clans wanted her to be. She tried not to crack beneath the pressure that came with living behind bars because deep down, she still believed they would come for her.

That someone would come.

That someone would save her.

She held on while the stress built higher and higher.

She held on when she could barely sleep.

She held on when she could barely eat.

She held on desperately, convincing herself that eventually someone would show up.

Nobody did.

And when she understood no one was ever coming for her, she triggered.

Tammi didn't even remember escaping.

One moment, she was breaking apart inside that cell, the next, the walls were collapsing behind her while she ran faster than she'd ever run in her life.

When she returned to the Clans afterward, everything had changed.

Suddenly, she was valuable.

Suddenly, she was important.

Suddenly, she was a true soldier of the cause.

An elevated member of the Clans.

No longer content with offering empty lip service about support and solidarity, they now treated her like a priority because she had become something more valuable than dogshit.

It wasn't the same.

Because now she knew, she knew how rotten everything truly was.

She saw the hypocrisy running through every person who claimed to believe in the cause.

The brotherhood only mattered when you were useful.

The solidarity only existed when it was convenient.

The moment you stopped being valuable, you were expendable.

In the end, it was probably for the best that the Clans decided to use her, Victor, and Othala as bargaining chips to strengthen their relationship with Kaiser and the Empire.

She wouldn't have lasted much longer there anyway.

Here, it was much better. The Herren Clan was a true blood purity type of deal, hardliners for the proper genetics, and ideals. But the Empire didn't have that problem.

The Empire's problem was fighting a War.

And this was war. Ura-Douji simply reminded everyone, brought it to the surface. Brockton Bay had been at war, a civil war of capes for a long time now.

And Kaiser needed as many soldiers as he could get his hands on. The only real requirement was that they weren't the people the Empire actively targeted. The organization itself, while still following the ideology, was far looser in practice, aside from the occasional hardliner like Alabaster.

And Tammi was fine with that, because what had drawn her into the movement in the first place had never been the ideology itself.

It was the community.

The feeling of having a place where you belonged.

A place where you were safe in a fucked up world that was determined to tear people apart.

She wasn't the only one, either. Plenty of people felt the same way. Tammi knew they did. Sometimes she wondered if something like the Empire could even function without figures like Kaiser holding it together, or without the lingering legacy of Allfather giving people something to rally around.

Well, no, there would definitely till be people out there fighting for the cause, because they all need a reason to keep pushing forward in this shitty world, and hating other people is much easier than finding things to live for.

Because, like the previous her, they were all pathetic and desperate, with constant need to lie to themselves that they were better than others.

To Tammi, now that she could see beyond the surface, there was an odd thrill in understanding how things actually worked.

Her hand, which had been absentmindedly tracing patterns against the wall beside her bed, finally stopped as the last sigil settled into place.

If she wanted to, she could bring down half the house in an instant.

It was a precaution she had developed after her trigger, one she repeated anywhere she stayed longer than thirty minutes.

She would never again be trapped by walls.

Still, even knowing that Ura-Douji's speech was probably full of the same promises countless others had made before him, even understanding that most leaders knew exactly what words people wanted to hear...

Something about him was magnetic.

Her cheeks warmed as she replayed the video yet again, watching the moment he stepped into view.

His demon form soon took over, and it was in no was less appealing with it's broad shoulders.

Muscles drawn taut beneath crimson skin like forged steel. Tammi bet they would feel hard like iron to her touch.

The thought sent a strange flutter through her chest.

God, what was wrong with her?

Tammi let out a frustrated groan and buried her face into her pillow.

She had no doubt that her 'comrades' would all condemn her if they ever found out what she's doing.

But her hand slowly trailed down, between her legs, towards the heat that was building up.

At this moment, his words brought home a feeling that she lost for a few years now, and even if only for a moment, Tammi wanted to feel it again.

A fantasy, it was just a fantasy.

…Right?


AN: Hehehe, sure Tammi, sure it is.

Hello everyone! This came out a week late! I'm having more and more trouble with the writing I swear, it's also because of the end of the year in my uni, so I gotta catch up to a lot of shit that I kind of put to the side and relaxed instead!

This chapter and a few followings will be a smattering of different POV's, since I wanted to give a feel of how the factions are reacting to Ura Douji.

First from the Empire 88, who obviously look at this black kid who killed one of their generals and are like "This fucker!" while Max is trying his best to keep everyone in a leash because this kid looks like an upped up Teacher, but also kind of underestimates Samuel.

Well, everyone is underestimating Samuel right now, even Rachel, simply because they have no idea how actually strong he is.

Dragon Of Light – Oni Fusion incoming at Quadruple Speed

But that's beside the point.

Also Rune part, I started writing mostly for the smut, and then the more I read her brief backstory and how in Ward she's trying to genuinely become better, I kind of got carried away.

She's obviously scared of the MC, since he's someone strong enough to kill Hookwolf who is definitely a heavy hitter, but not terrified, since she's been a member of the Herren Clans for a while now, and they have a lot of fucked up capes. Night and Fog being good examples.

But then Scarousing comes in clutch, and makes her just a little interested in him. Further reinforced by the fact many teenage girl are attracted to "Bad boys" or the temptation of going after someone they know they shouldn't. She's also already very attracted to the Greek god that Samuel became via Rodrigues and Kure traits.

Hmm, now, to play the race card on the smut? A yes or a no?

Thanks for reading, leave a comment if you want! Hope you have a good one!

Also Also! A huge shout out and thank you to Emperor Lee, he was the one who generated all the pictures that I used. In fact, he kind of generated the entire cast of Brockton, which is insane!

Thanks so much, it helped cut down a lot of time!
Last edited: Jul 10, 2026
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:EvilSmirk, deathcall49, MrLusty and 901 others
PassingBy
Jun 3, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 16: Setting the guns to the wall - Preamble: Rachel
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Jun 11, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,210
POV: Rachel Lindt
Date: 18th of March 2011 – Afternoon

Scratching under Judas's jaw the way he liked it, Rachel tuned out most of the detailed discussion the others had been going through for the last hour.

They were at the hideout, Rachel sitting comfortably on the floor with her dogs while the others crowded around the table in the nearby living room.

Well, Brian and Lisa did.

Alec was sprawled across the sofa, flipping through TV channels.

"And if we—" Brian started before being interrupted.

"This is the best path," Lisa cut in immediately.

"The best path is to smash through the windows and then hightail it out of there?" he asked, giving her a look.

"Believe it or not," Lisa replied with a strained smile, "it's an old jewelry store. The alarm system hasn't been up to code in years. We smash this side of the building"—she pointed at something on the table, probably a map—"and nothing even goes off. So yes, Brian, this is the best path."

Brian stared at her for a moment.

Alec also paused his mindless channel surfing, putting down the remote and turning a curious glance towards Lisa.

"Are you still mad about Spitfire?" He asked with a mocking smile.

Lisa shot him a glare sharp enough to cut metal but didn't answer.

Heh.

Just last night they had finally tracked down Spitfire, an independent cape with only a handful of sightings. Most of her crimes were petty theft and burglary which meant she would be right at home with their team. As her name suggested, she breathed fire or something.

As usual, Tattletale had put together a pretty complete profile beforehand.

Spitfire was homeless, and freshly triggered, so in a pretty vulnerable sport, exactly the sort of person who should have been easy for Tattletale to recruit.

Normally Rachel would have preferred chasing newcomers away. More members meant more people splitting the money, and more people splitting the money meant less money for her dogs.

…but, well, she didn't have to worry about that as much anymore.

Thanks to Samuel.

Hehehe….

Anyway, she hadn't needed to do anything.

They found Spitfire easily enough, but the girl had been more then a little hesitant to extend a hand and join them, not even taking any way to contact them.

Tattletale tried her usual routine, saying exactly what people wanted to hear and nudging them toward the answer she wanted.

Except halfway through the conversation, Spitfire got a phone call. Which was fucking stupid to have while in costume, but Rachel also did so she wouldn't say much.

At least she put her phone in silent.

Even if it was only because constant buzzes annoyed the fuck out of her.

There had been an awkward pause, before she answered.

Whatever she heard from the other side while they waited had to be pretty fucking convincing since Spitfire sprinted out of there.

And that was the end of it, Rachel asked if they should go after, but a very annoyed Tattletale said that going after her would only make things worse.

Tattletale had been pissy ever since.

"Look, we just need Rachel to smash through this side, then Brian will cover everything in darkness and guide me to the merchandise. I'll handle the displays and locks. Alec, you'll stand guard and deal with anyone who comes after us, so stay alert."

Lisa pointed around the table as she assigned roles, eventually looking toward the people who hadn't been paying attention.

Rachel just nodded. Her job was as simple as they come, break things. She was the gateway and mobility of the team, but she was also the main muscle of everything.

She didn't care, everyone here was part of the team, and she trusted them to do their own parts.

"Can I just stay with the dogs while you guys do everything?" Alec asked from the sofa.

"You know Bitch's dogs aren't like cars. You can't just sit there and chill while waiting for us," Brian replied, sounding more amused than annoyed.

"Really? It kind of feels the same."

The lazy bastard waved a hand dismissively.

Rachel let out a low growl.

Immediately, Alec straightened up and raised both hands in surrender, his expression going completely serious.

"I misspoke. They're completely different."

Good, he should keep the difference in mind.

Lisa shook her head, clearly preparing to say something, but her phone suddenly rang.

She pulled it from her pocket, her brow furrowing immediately when she saw the caller ID.

"One sec. I gotta take this."

Without another word, she got up and disappeared into her room, which was more office than actual room. She's yet to see any signs of Lisa sleeping on that bed.

"Who could that possibly be?" Brian asked jokingly once the door closed behind her.

"Oh! Maybe it's a boyfriend," Alec offered.

The room fell silent.

Rachel looked at Brian.

Brian looked at Alec.

Alec looked between them.

Then, almost collectively, they all shook their heads.

As if any guy would willingly date Lisa.

"Fuck you all!" came Lisa's muffled scream from her office.

Damn her power.

How the hell did she even know what they were talking about?

A few moments later they heard a conversation, followed by scrambling. There was the sound of drawers being quickly opened, something falling over, and then fast footsteps.

It took a few minutes for it to finish and the whatever conversation Lisa was having on the phone died down.

Then Lisa practically burst back into the room.

Rachel wasn't as good as Tattletale when it came to understanding body language, but then again nobody was, but she knew panic when she saw it.

"Hey, hey! The hell twisted your panties?" Alec complained as Lisa shoved him aside and dropped onto the sofa.

She ignored him completely.

Instead, she grabbed the remote and turned on the television.

A little more concerned now, Brian stepped forward.

"Lisa. What's happening?"

The blonde girl didn't even look at him.

She just raised a finger for silence, her eyes locked on the screen.

The news was already running.

A man and a woman sat behind a desk, both dressed in expensive-looking clothes and speaking directly into the camera.

"—allegedly showing the newly emerged villain has gone viral over the last twenty-four hours."

Off to the side of the screen was a smaller video.

A black teenager standing on what looked like a stage.

He wore a mask, which kind of looked Japanese. A new cape of the ABB? That would be annoying, they were already dangerous with only two, another one would make things worse.

Rachel frowned slightly while looking at him.

Something about him looked familiar.

Oh well, she dismissed the feeling. It was probably a coincidence.

"There is currently no official PRT response to the speech, though various authorities are describing this as a significant escalation in ongoing gang conflicts."

The small video expanded to fill most of the screen, as the boy turned into a monsters, skin becoming a vivid red that seemed to burn with energy.

He looked powerful.

Again something tinged in the back of her head but she ignored it to keep looking at the incredible muscled monster in the TV.

"What the hell?" She heard Brian mutter.

Audio crackled through the speakers.

"We are the Strongest!"

Huh, the guy had a pretty nice voice.

A second later she frowned at herself, because why the hell was she thinking about his voice?

Uncaring for her confusion, the video continued.

Words came out of the monster's mouth, one sentence became another.

Rachel found herself standing without realising when she'd gotten up.

What was this?

Why was her heart beating so quickly?

Why couldn't she tear her gaze away from his vibrantly white eyes that reminded her of the stars in the dark sky?

She wasn't the only one paying attention.

Brian had stopped asking questions, and Alec was watching the video with great intensity.

Which honestly might have been the weirdest thing happening right now.

"We will now see what our sources have to say—"

The television abruptly clicked off.

Rachel turned.

Lisa had tossed herself back onto the sofa, eyes closed as she pressed her fingers against her temples.

Everyone on the team recognized that look.

Overusing her power.

For several seconds nobody spoke.

Alec was the one who did.

"So, we joining them?"

"Alec, shut up." Lisa didn't even open her eyes.

"What?! It's a valid question!"

"Just, just shut up please."

The boy huffed, but mimicked zipping his mouth closed.

Then Brian finally spoke, "What was that?"

"That, my dear leader, was the birth of the fifth faction in Brockton Bay." Lisa didn't even open her eyes as she continued massaging her temples.

"You gonna tell us what's going on now?" Brian asked.

"Didn't you just watch it on TV?" Lisa shot back.

"So there's a new gang," Brian said slowly. "What does that change for us?"

"It changes things because the place we were supposed to rob is in their territory now. And they're probably one of the strongest gangs, if not the strongest"

"What? Is he that strong?" Brian asked in surprise.

"The problem isn't how strong that guy is," Lisa said through gritted teeth, "It's the fact he can give everyone on his gang powers. He can turn every single one of them into capes."

There was a very heavy silence that settled after her words.

"Fuck." Brian eloquently put.

Lisa nodded.

"Isn't, shit, this is so far out of our league," He breathed out, pacing around the room.

Lisa once again nodded, this time looking tired.

Alec, meanwhile, looked entirely unconcerned.

"So, are we still doing it?"

"No. Change of plans. There's too much heat and too many chances for things to go wrong."

"Less work for me," Alec cheered from the sofa.

Rachel rolled her eyes at the lazy bastard.

"So, when do we work?" Brian asked, sounding faintly worried.

Rachel knew he cared about money more than most of them, though she'd never bothered asking why. Everyone had their own private life and as long as it didn't affect the team, she didn't care.

"The boss wants me digging up information on this guy," Lisa replied. "Apparently he showed up out of nowhere, so don't expect anything for a few days."

Brian muttered a curse under his breath before letting out a sigh.

"What's his name?"

"Ura-Douji. The name can mean a few different things depending on how you read it, but he's apparently using it as a title."

Lisa opened one eye.

"The Demon Child of the Bay."

Rachel jolted.

Suddenly, something clicked into place, a fog she hadn't even realised was there disappeared from her thoughts.

Oh.

The hot guy on screen was Samuel.

That explained a lot.

Weird how she didn't realise it before. His transformation was literally the same, he was just using a mask this time.

And clothes.

Yeah, clothes blocking the sight of the beast between his legs.

Hmmm, when she closes her eyes she can almost remember when they first met, the massive pillar of virility that swung whenever he walked.

She wanted to suck it.

She wanted to taste it.

She wanted to-

Rachel noticed that the room had gone quiet, so she looked up from Judas.

Everyone was staring at her, Lisa most of all.

"Rachel," Lisa said very carefully, "do you know him?"

Rachel shrugged.

"Yeah. He lives with me."

Damn, why was everyone being so silent today?

Lisa in particular looked like she was physically struggling to process what she'd just heard, "I-is he the one you went on a date with?"

A small smile tugged at Rachel's lips, she nodded.

Lisa made a tiny, strangled noise.

"Ah."

Their leader on the other hand, was much more expressive.

"What the hell, Bitch?" Brian exploded. "Your boyfriend was a cape this whole time and you didn't think to tell any of us?!"

Rachel frowned at him, wasn't he the one who most said that they didn't need to mix their private lives with cape one? "Why should I?"

Brian stared incredulous at her.

"I don't know," he said, throwing his hands up. "Maybe so we don't accidentally run into him and end up fighting his gang?"

"There wouldn't be a fight." She said with complete certainty.

Brian on the other hand just rolled his eyes, "Look, I know you're in a relationship, so you trust him, but shit can still happen. Putting on a mask changes people, you don't know what will happen if we did end up fighting!"

What the hell was he talking about? What did trust have to do with anything? The moment they started any type of fight with Samuel, they would lose.

Meaning there would be no fight at all.

Rachel still hadn't seen him fight seriously at all, but she did see him practise in the morning with a multitude of different powers, ranging from fire, to water, to a weird set of martial arts, and then turning into an Oni to do the same thing.

Sometimes he would even ask for help, so she would transform her dogs and watch him wrestle with them.

Her dogs were powerful, even the strongest of Wards would struggle to do anything against them.

Samuel grabbed three empowered dogs at once and turned it into a game.

Her dogs loved it.

She adored watching it.

Seeing him casually hold all three of them down with ease had done things to her.

When she didn't give him any response, simply glaring at him, Brian looked like he was moments away from having another aneurysm.

Before he could retort, Lisa clapped her hands together.

"Okay!"

She got the attention of everyone, so she gave them all a sweet smile, "I need a girl-to-girl talk with Rachel."

The hell you do.

Rachel gave Lisa a bewildered glance, what the fuck is this bitch tripping about?

The blonde ignored it complete, her sweet smile shifting towards Brian, "Can you guys give us the room?"

Looking between the two of them, Brian let off a long suffering sigh before turning around, "Fine."

He disappeared down the hallway towards his room.

Then a crunchy sound rang.

Alec was lying down on the sofa again, halfway through a bag of chip while watching them.

Lisa gave him a pointed look.

He pointed at himself, before realising, "Oh, right. That's my cue too."

Standing up, he wandered off without the slightest hint of urgency.

Lisa waited until they were both gone, and then waited a bit more for some reason, before slowly turning toward Rachel.

Uh oh.

The look in her eyes made Rachel immediately alarmed.

That was the look Tattletale used when she was about to be really fucking annoying.

"So this is the guy you wanted to make 'yours'?"

"Yes."

"I guess it makes sense you'd go after someone like that." Lisa nodded to herself as she settled onto the sofa while Rachel remained on the floor beside her dogs.

Rachel glanced up at her words, "What does that mean?"

"You know, someone bold, and kind of savage." Lisa explained like it was obvious, her blonde hair falling to the side as she tilted her head towards Rachel.

Savage? Samuel?

It was difficult to think of him that way when most of Rachel's memories involved him wearing that stupid little apron that hid nothing of his body while cooking dinner, or sleeping peacefully by his side while those big, thick arms held her.

Then again, the same arms held a sense of brutality, the body filled with scars that she sometimes passed her fingers above.

His presence alone was strong, it was powerful enough to make people shut up and listen.

So maybe savage wasn't entirely wrong.

"How did you guys meet?" Lisa asked conversationally.

Rachel pressed her lips together.

She'd done her best to keep her visits to the dog-fighting rings away from the rest of the team. It wasn't something she did often, mostly because finding those places was a pain, but she also knew everyone here would give her grief for picking fights with the Empire.

Lisa watched her carefully.

Probably cheating with her power already.

Rachel let out an annoyed huff.

There wasn't much point in hiding it now.

"At a dog-fighting ring. He was fucked up after fighting Hookwolf."

Lisa froze, her mind obviously running.

"Okay, let's ignore your little outings for a second," She started with a strained voice, and Rachel breathed a sigh of relief.

"Did he really kill Hookwolf?" Lisa asked lightly.

Something about the way she asked the question felt strange, but Rachel nodded nonetheless.

Huh, Lisa looked lightheaded.

"Does he know about the unwritten rules?" Lisa asked after a moment.

Rachel shrugged, "If he does, he doesn't care."

Actually, kind of embarrassing, but she never asked if Samuel knew about the unwritten rules. Not that she cared much about it when her own civilian persona was already public.

Lisa bit her lip.

For some reason, a faint blush crept onto her face. Rachel also felt a bit weird seeing her friend blush.

"T-that's a dangerous person to be around, Rachel."

Dangerous? Samuel was absolutely dangerous, probably the most dangerous person in Brockton Bay.

But not to her, that Rachel was certain.

Apparently, the thought showed enough that Lisa's power immediately picked it up, because the girl groaned into her hand.

"Just because he doesn't show that side to you doesn't mean he can't be dangerous. Why are you so convinced that he won't do anything to you?" Lisa asked.

Because he was her friend.

It was weird, their connection was weird, but Rachel didn't dislike it. They were so similar in ways and so different in others.

Lisa gave her a tired stare for a moment, before shaking her head, she closed her eyes and fell back on the couch.

"Nothing I say will change your mind." She concluded.

Wow, you needed your powers to realise that?

Lisa snorted, half lidded eyes landing on her, probably realising what she's thinking, "At least you're honest."

To her eyes, definitely, after all, Tattletale thrived in picking up body cues of others, and Rachel's only way of communication for two entire years had been all about how to present herself to her dogs.

To the super investigator, she must be an open book.

Lisa waved a hand, "The others aren't much better."

That did make her feel better.

A brief silence settled between them, before Lisa leaned forward slightly.

"Can you tell me his name?" She asked.

"Samuel Rodrigues."

"That easy?"

"He doesn't care about secret identities."

Of course, Rachel wouldn't say that to just about anyone, but this was Tattletale, even if she was annoying, and knew way too much about things that she shouldn't, and didn't know when to shut up-

"Okay, okay, I get it," Lisa gave her a glare.

A grin came to Rachel.

All those cons, well, even with them all, Lisa was still a part of this team, and someone that Rachel trusted to have her back.

A friend.

Hmm? Lisa was looking away from her for some reason, her face a bit flushed.

"That name, is he from South America? Brazilian, Hispanic?" She asked all of the sudden.

"Brazilian, why?" Sometimes they talked about their past, but all she knew is that Samuel grew up in a gang infested city in Brazil.

He doesn't say much more than that, so she didn't pry, much like how he doesn't pry into why she had to move to so many foster houses, and then run from the police.

"No wonder he doesn't care." Lisa sounded like she reached some kind of conclusion.

Rachel felt like asking, but at the same time she didn't really care what Lisa came up about Samuel. If she ever wanted to know anything, she would just ask him.

"How did the date go?" Lisa asked after a pause.

A bit of warmth touched Rachel's face despite herself.

She smiled.

"It was good."

It had been fun, and fulfilling.

The sex had also been absolutely mind shattering, pangs still hit her pussy whenever she thought back to it.

Lisa sputtered for some reason.

Still, it was very annoying how the bastard always managed to make her legs weak and was still raring to go. It made her feel a bit underserving, like she wasn't doing enough.

Though…

Looking at Lisa, whose face was very red, and getting her breathe back, Rachel's mind wandered.

If she couldn't do it alone…

Once again, Lisa sputtered.

Weirdo.


POV: Samuel Rodrigues

Date: 19th​ of March, 2011 – Morning

[FEAT: Gain nationwide fame!

1x Random Platinum Gacha Ticket]

​
So just a single day was enough, huh.

Yesterday, after the absolute mess that was organizing and managing the reconstruction of half a dozen separate gangs into a single unified front for a whole day from literal early morning to almost midnight, I came back home exhausted and promptly decided that every problem in the world could wait until tomorrow.

I swear, I almost gave up this whole thing. Thankfully I managed to throw a shit ton of work at Leah's laps, ignoring her cries of protest.

I gave her the perfect Install Card for the job, she better be fucking thankful!

Then I woke up to this announcement.

Which, I guess, meant the video of my speech was making the rounds online.

With any luck, it wouldn't bring too much trouble our way. I already had enough on my plate without every random idiot in the country deciding they suddenly had an opinion on me and acted on it.

{…hehe}

​
If I ignore you, you don't exist.

The kitchen was warm from the stove, the smell of eggs and butter filling the room while morning sunlight filtered through the windows.

Outside, I could hear Rachel's dogs tearing through the backyard, the occasional bark mixing with the sound of claws scraping across the grass.

It was a great morning,

I worked on breakfast while my thoughts wandered elsewhere.

I'd need to head back to Night's Rest later.

There was still planning to do, logistics to organize, even if I already sent off a specialised group of searchers to find ABB hideouts and holders for us to strike at.

Murder Squad had been created just last night, the first specialised faction of our gang, composed of those who were gifted the Install Card: Crow.

Only one per person, I could give out dozens of them at this point, but we simply did a squad of seven to slowly give my new subordinates a taste to further reel them in.

Let's just say that upon being given powers, those guys had been ready to fucking throw themselves into the jaws of Lung if I told them to.

It was kind of scary how highly powers were thought of in this world, but also understandable. I had literally elevated them into a different caste. Mr Hong, our information master, was in charge of them, so I had little fear for them getting out of hand.

Power corrupts, and freely given would make things worse, which is why we only gave the cards to people who stood out in their previous gangs, were loyal, and also passed a pretty intense interview with each of my generals.

Idea for new Squads are being placed, each of my generals coming forth with their own specialisations.

I haven't gotten that far, but soon we'll have factions behind each of my Generals so that they can act more independently, and hopefully the amount of work I did yesterday will never repeat itself.

It's time to fucking delegate, my Leadership and Management said.

Anyways, with Murder Squad, our Scout Unit, out and about, it was only a matter of time until we found something of the ABB, a target to go after.

Normally I wouldn't come back home, I might be needed in the bar in case the ABB decided to retaliate and storm the place.

Unlike most gangs, the Night Parade had a very visible front.

Everyone knew where Night's Rest was.

Everyone knew who ran it.

That made it an obvious target.

However, the reason I'm not too worried, and even decided to rest back home, was that ff the ABB did decide to rush the place, they'd be in for a very unpleasant surprise.

Namely, my Sentry Turrets.

I put them in the bar and told my people to install them in the best possible holding position. I had faith that Robert would be capable of finding it.

Their reactions had been great, everyone asking where the hell I'd gotten automated machine-gun turrets.

They stopped asking after I explained that answering the question would require several hours, a cosmic diagram, and a burning bible to swear against Bob.

Hmmm.

My morning was mostly free, and I didn't really have anything I needed to—

...

Well.

There was one thing I'd been putting off.

With an internal sigh, I lowered the heat beneath the pan so the eggs wouldn't cook too quickly and pulled out my phone.

God, I still didn't know how to use this thing properly.

After fumbling through several menus, I managed to open ConnectNP, which seemed to be the biggest social media app in this world.

Wonder what happened to Facebook? Or Yahoo, was that still a thing? Was that ever a thing here? Eh, who cares.

I stare at the screen with conflict, before biting the bullet.

You: Hi

There. Done.

Now, with any luck she won't see the message for a few hours-

Annoyance: OMG, you finally texted back!

I wasn't even able to turn off the phone before she answered back. In fact, the godamn message came in so quickly I'm sure she already been on the phone when I messaged.

God dammit.

You: You answered too quickly, get a life

Annoyance: u literally ignore me 4 a week and open up with that!

You: Stop using slang to text, I can't be bothered to decipher it

Annoyance: You text so slowly, old man

Rolling my eyes, I ignore the message and go back to finishing up my breakfast.

Text slowly, yeah right. I'm just not used to it! Be happy I even managed to read your messages and respond thanks to Linguistic.

Ding!

Annoyance: Don't ignore me dude, that's super rude!

You: Aren't you in school?

Annoyance: Eh, it's boring as hell

Annoyance: Also, your so irritating, how come we had to hear from Crystal that you wanted to link up?!

You: Because I forgot about you until I met her

Annoyance: Forgo-

Her message cut off, like she was typing so quickly and pressed sent by mistake.

Annoyance: Did you just call me fucking forgettable?

You: Amazing, you figured it out.

Annoyance: Come out right now, let's fight, I'll beat your fucking ass

You: Can't.

You: Cooking.

Annoyance: Wait

Annoyance: You're not at school?

You: Why would I be?

Annoyance: Uhhh because you're the same age as me???

You: I don't go to school.

Annoyance: wat

You: I work

Annoyance: …yeha that tracks

You: ?

Annoyance: You got that self-made feel to you

You: How would you know?

Annoyance: I just do!

I snort at that.

Annoyance: Anyways! Also wanted to say that we'll be free tomorrow after school, I'll drag Amy out of the hospitals, and Crystal should be free as well, she doesn't have any classes in the afternoon on a Wednesday.

Annoyance: Look at you go Sammy, going out with three hot girls

You: Two.

Annoyance: huh?

You: Two hot women.

Annoyance: ...

Annoyance: What?

Annoyance: Which one of us isn't hot?

You: …

Annoyance: Oi! Answer the question!

Annoyance: SAMUEL

Annoyance: ANSWER THE QUESTION!

I turned off my phone.

Immediately, it began vibrating again.

And again.

And again.

A smile tugged at my lips as I went back to cooking breakfast while an increasingly furious blonde bombarded me with messages I had absolutely no intention of reading.

Hmm, I'm in such a good mood that I'll even roll for my platinum.

[Desert Logia]

|Legendary Ability|

One Piece. - Allows the user to create, control and turn into sand, and with it fly/create hurricanes/etc. In addition, they can also drain moisture from objects to dry them and turn minerals into sand. They can also sense anything through the sand. Water, however, nullifies the user's ability to become impervious to physical attacks.​


Oh? Legendary from just a Platinum? I guess my luck is good today.

More importantly, this is a genuinely ridiculous roll.

Heh, it's kind of funny. With this, I now have all four elements. Water bending and Ice Age, Wind Cloak, Flamethrower, and now Desert Logia, which would be my earth element.

[FEAT: Became the Avatar

1x Bronze Ability Gacha Ticket]

​
Who?

Anyway, I'm already powerful enough. Should I think about giving it away? The intangibility would be a pretty useful perk, though.

Hmm...

Who would even be a good candidate to receive this through Knighting?

Questions for the future.

I haven't even figured out how I'm going to pass Knighting off in the first place, considering it has an explicit Master effect and the recipient has to knowingly accept it for the ability to take hold.

Looking down at the pan, I realize I made too much food again.

The eggs were done, the toast was warm, and sunlight filtered through the kitchen window while the distant sounds of dogs playing in the backyard drifted inside. Somewhere outside, Brutus barked loudly, followed by the unmistakable sound of one of the others tackling him into the grass.

Without really thinking about it, I'd cooked enough for two.

Rachel wasn't home yet.

I guess she was still working, or maybe she'd decided not to come back tonight.

Sometimes that happened. She'd stay overnight at work and only come home the next day.

I wonder what she's doing right now, though.


POV: Rachel Lindt
Date: 18th​ of March 2011 - Late Night

"He was how big?!" Lisa exclaimed in shock.

Rachel sat at the end of Lisa's bed, one leg tucked underneath her, while the blonde paced around the room.

They'd somehow drifted from talking about Samuel in general to talking about her date night, specifically how the date ended.

Normally, Rachel would have found the whole conversation annoying. Whoever she fucked was her business.

But not only did she feel like she owed Lisa for all the advice for the date, she also had something else on her mind that she wanted to ask.

So here she was, in her friend's room, talking about how she got fucked silly until her mind went blank and literally shut down.

Uhm, just remembering it had her core flaring painfully, because unlike a certain big dicked bastard, she couldn't go for multiple rounds in a row.

Still, under the expectant stare of the blonde, sha swallowed, measuring the distance between her hands as best she could remember, her face warming as the memories came rushing back.

Lisa stared gobsmacked at her hands.

"W-well, bigger doesn't automatically mean better," Lisa said quickly, as if she was making an argument, for who, Rachel didn't know. "Actually, most of the time it can be kind of a problem, you know—"

She stopped.

Rachel could feel Lisa studying her.

At those words, her mind immediately betrayed her.

She remembered that night.

The overwhelming pleasure.

The way everything else had disappeared.

The addictiveness of it.

The need to have it again.

Rachel wanted it again.

Right fucking now, preferably.

She wanted to go home, climb into Samuel's bed, open her legs and have that throbbing pillar pumping in and out of her.

Just thinking about it made her cross her legs.

It had felt good.

Better than anything Rachel had ever experienced before.

She wanted that thick, fat—

For some reason, Rachel suddenly found the floor very interesting.

Her breathing had become noticeably less steady.

"…you lucky bitch," Lisa muttered before coughing into her fist. "S-so it was good, then?"

Rachel nodded before she frowned, pouting a bit.

"Yeah."

"Then why are you making that face?" Lisa asked.

"Because it's annoying."

Lisa blinked.

"Why would it be annoying?"

Rachel folded her arms, murmuring, "Because I never manage to tire him out."

Lisa promptly choked on air.

"D-damn," she managed after a moment. "That dick must have been something else if you've started talking like this."

She laughed, though it sounded a little forced.

Her face was also getting weirdly red.

Rachel ignored it.

Instead, she continued thinking about the idea she'd been trying to figure out how to bring up.

Rachel knew that people normally didn't talk so openly about their sexual lives, and that there was a whole stigma thing surrounding it that she didn't understand.

So, how to go about this?

"You wanna taste it?"

"Huh?" Lisa looked stupefied.

Nailed it.


Eh, I'm sure she's doing something important.

My thoughts drifted for a moment as my phone buzzed again.

At first, I assumed it was Blondie coming back for another round of harassment, but the name on the screen immediately wiped the amusement off my face.

Mr Hong: We found it.

My small smile faded as my mind went into full motion.

Seems like Murder Squad was even more effective than I predicted.

The next step of the plan was finally in motion.

Things were about to get busy, because it was time to strike at the ABB.

My phone buzzed again with another notification.

An image?

I frowned.

A follow-up map, maybe. Some kind of scouting photo.

Without thinking much about it, I opened it.

Annoyance: C'mon Honey, no need to be pouty, this is all for your eyes only

Annoyance: [PHOTO]

Spoiler: Vicky selfie~

I was flashbanged, because this was not a photo I been expecting. No this was a selfie from a blonde girl with big tits, showing off her cleavage while giving the camera a raunchy grin.

She looked sexy, a rush of blood went down, but I pushed the feeling away as I recognised the person in the picture.

Blondie…

You: What the fuck

I watched as the typing indicator immediately appeared.

Then disappeared.

Then appeared again.

Then disappeared.

Whatever confidence Victoria had possessed moments ago seemed to have died a violent death.

Eventually a message arrived.

Annoyance: Sam?!

Annoyance: Shit.

Annoyance: SHIT.

Annoyance: Fuck.

Annoyance: Sam, forget what you saw!

You: sure

Annoyance: I'm being serious!

Annoyance: That was for my boyfriend!

Annoyance: He's being all moody and annoying because of my plans tomorrow and that picture was meant for HIM!

You: Why are you explaining this to me?

The typing indicator appeared again, before disappearing, and the cycle once again continued for a bit while I idly watched.

I could practically feel her panic and frustration through the screen.

Annoyance: ...

Annoyance: Whatever.

Annoyance: Just pretend none of that happened, okay?

You: Sure

Annoyance: good

You: still

Annoyance: What?

You: That's one hell of a mistake.

The typing bubble returned with a vengeance.

Annoyance: I AM AWARE OF THAT.

Annoyance: THANK YOU.

You: Just making sure, who knows?

Annoyance: Samuel

You: Blondie.

Annoyance: Samuel!

You: Blondie?

Several seconds passed, and the frustration was so palatable a smile managed to find itself upon my face. The previous churning thoughts of a gang war pushed aside to face this.

I shook my head, ready to put my phone down when-

Annoyance: …

Annoyance: Well

Annoyance: What did you think?

You: Didn't you tell me to forget about it?

Annoyance: Just answer!

I hum to myself a bit, before shrugging.

You: You got some nice tits.

Annoyance: &uhe#1

Annoyance: SAMUEL!

I set the phone down on the counter and finished plating breakfast while another stream of messages began piling up from an increasingly aggravated blonde hero.

Would she be seriously pissed at me until tomorrow?

Probably.

But some battles are worth fighting, even if you lose.


Also also, I wanted to make a Coil scene, but kind of realised that if I want to make it right and flesh out the characters, I'll probably do an entire chapter dedicated to both Lisa's reactions and how Coil is moving forward

One thing people might notice, is that Lisa, who is very much at this time still a believer that the majority of capes are all using kiddy gloves, and at least follow along the lines of the Unwritten rules, was super terrified about the fact that Rachel's 'boyfriend' is a cape killer who does not give a shit.

Thankfully, Scarousing once again clutches like a fucking gee.

Lisa is now thinking on how to turn this to her advantage, unaware that she needs to change her panties. She also got completely fucking blindsided by Rachel extending a hand to get a taste of her boyfriend.

Of course, this is all part of her plan to get closer to him to use him! Don't worry about the extreme intense eye that she keep him regularly under, it's all for her plan to get out of Coil's thumbs.

I didn't want to make an ABB chapter yet. Don't even know if I want to make a Lung one. Maybe only when he's fighting Samuel to give a perspective of what he looks like from other's point of view when fighting.

Also, PRT interlude coming up to a response, before they are readily interrupted by the first sparks of conflict in this war!

Should I have the fighting be on the PRT's perspective so that it'll show how people outside of Night Parade react, or would it be better for it to be from a member of the Night Parade?

Also also, a little mistake of Vicky, thanks to Lucky Pervert.

Weird though, why did she like the thought of Samuel looking at her picture?

Who knows Vicky, who knows?

Thank you all for reading, hope you have a good one, if you have any questions than just type it out I'll try and answer it
Last edited: Jul 5, 2026
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:EvilSmirk, Sum_Noir, Dwooly and 1,079 others
PassingBy
Jun 11, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Interlude 6: He doesn't want to die! - Preamble: Samuel
View content
PassingBy
PassingBy
Professional Gooner
JoinedJun 25, 2023
Messages219
Likes received51,877
Jul 11, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,380
POV: Samuel Rodrigues
Date: 19th​ of March – Night

[FEAT: The Emperor's Reward

1x Random Platinum Gacha Ticket]

​
...The hell?

Who the fuck is the Emperor, and why am I getting something if it's his reward?

Whatever, I kind of feel like gambling anyway. It'll help detach myself from this moment, so go for it.

Roll = 19!

[Advantage Ticket!]

​

Oh yeah, Gambler out here to redeem itself from the last few rolls!

[Ghoul Physiology]

|Elite Ability|

Tokyo Ghoul - Allows the user to transform themselves into a ghoul, a flesh-eating superhuman creature with a special limb made up of Special RC Cells. In general, Ghouls are mostly immune to conventional weapons below 9mm, as a ghoul you get a random Kagune out of the 4 types. But this form also comes with a ravenous hunger for human flesh and the inability to consume any other food. Even if you turn off the form, if you got hungry in the form you still have to consume human flesh even after turning it off. But consuming human flesh also makes you slightly stronger.




Or




[Reroll]

|Rare Ability|

"Lucky" When you roll this ability, whatever ticket you got it with is rolled twice and this ability is removed.

​

Ghoul Physiology is out immediately.

Having to eat human flesh is a pretty massive downside, even if the ability itself is an incredible boost across the board.

This world is already screwed up enough with the gangs running around, let's not introduce actual super cannibals into the mix.

Reroll is also an incredible roll, it's basically getting two Platinum rolls for the price of one.



[Rerolling… {2x Advantage Platinum Ticket}]



[Devil Trigger]

|Epic Ability|

Devil May Cry - Allows you to tap into your inner demonic power and transform into a Devil form, greatly enhancing your physical abilities and mystical power, and tremendously boosting your regeneration. If you were a normal human before, with Devil Trigger you could tear apart tanks with your bare hands. Scales with your current abilities.



Or




[Quickening]

|Elite Skill|

Bloodborne - You have mastered the Quickening Technique of the Old Hunters, allowing you to briefly dash forward with incredible speed while shrouding your form in arcane fog to obscure your movements. This can put quite a strain on the stamina and energy.




AND




[Chaos Response]

|Elite Trait|

Your existence is chaos as defined by the chaos gacha, automatically causing feedback to whatever tries to peek into your existence. Future, past, present sight gets scrambled and incoherent, abilities that try to read into you will malfunction and trying to read your mind will cause them a great headache at minimum.

It's chaos.

It's all chaos!

May Chaos Take the World!




Or




[Mipha]

|Elite Familiar|

Legend of Zelda - Mipha is the princess of the Zora, also considered one of the most powerful elite warriors across Hyrule. She has superhuman physical abilities and considerable skill in wielding polearms. She is also capable of utilising water magic to aid her in combat and has potent healing abilities she can use on herself or others. Install Card Modification: Ally will gain Master Polearm Mastery, Brute Powerset, Trump Powerset, and Shaker powerset

​

Damn, that's a lot of fucking rolls.

And somehow, they're all good as well.

{What the actual fuck is your luck?}

​
Ignoring Bob has become second nature to me.

The first is between Quickening and Devil Trigger.

Both options are ridiculous in how useful they are, but let's break them down properly.

Quickening is, fundamentally, a burst movement technique. From the description alone, it sounds invaluable for changing vectors in the middle of a fight, allowing me to instantly shift direction with enough speed to throw off anyone reacting to me.

I can already pull off something similar through raw acceleration, but it's not perfect, putting a tremendous amount of strain on my body while bleeding off too much momentum in the process.

On top of the movement itself, it obscures the user's body, making it even harder for opponents to follow where you've gone. Against someone who could actually perceive those kinds of speeds, it would be a nightmare to fight against, and if I layered it with Time Accel...

Would there even be anyone capable of reacting to me anymore?

But there lies the problem. Quickening looks good, but beyond speed, does it actually help me in any way? With my base stats already superhuman, my Oni transformation augmenting them, and Time Accel, do I even need to bother with becoming imperceptible while using it?

Then there's Devil Trigger. At the end of the day, it's a multiplier across the board; everything Quickening offers in raw physical enhancement, Devil Trigger gives me and more.

The description says that an ordinary human would be capable of tearing tanks apart with their bare hands. Do you understand how ridiculous that sentence is?

That's an entirely different scale of existence.

I can already achieve something close to that with my Oni form, at least for brief moments, but when I fought Hookwolf my arms were literally tearing themselves apart under the strain of matching that level of force.

In other words, it's effectively another Oni-style transformation layered on top of the one I already possess, maybe even stronger.

Would they stack?

Multiply each other?

Simply add together?

The description says it scales with my existing abilities, though, which is reassuring. At the very least, I know it won't become obsolete as I became even stronger, much like my Oni. If anything, it'll only continue growing stronger alongside everything else I obtain.

When I weigh the two against each other...

The answer isn't actually close.

Quickening is good.

Devil Trigger is simply better.

A part of me feels like it'll be an excessive amount of power. A power boost this massive could completely change one of my allies if I passed it on through Knighting; it would also be a good long-term investment in general.

...

Yet, for some reason...

The thought leaves an unpleasant feeling in my stomach.

I don't want to give this one away.

A bit weird, but if I don't want to, then I won't.

At the very least, it means I have even less to worry about when the inevitable fight against Lung finally happens.

Then I feel it.

Unlike Oni, where the beating inside my chest felt like my heart alone had come alive...

This time it was different.

My entire body vibrated.

Every muscle.

Every bone.

Every drop of blood.

They all pulsed to the same rhythm.

Guahahahahahahahahahahaha!

The laughter echoed from somewhere deep inside me.

No...

Not echoed.

It was me.

My heart laughed with enough force that I could almost hear it, while my entire body throbbed with power desperate to be unleashed. It was as though molten fire surged through my veins, pushing against my skin with savage impatience, yearning to tear itself free and reveal its glory to the world.

Yearning to pull the trigger.

Huh, I'd assumed Oni and Devil Trigger would exist separately, but I suppose that I already had a 'demon' within me after all.

Devil Trigger merely handed me the key to draw out even more of its strength.

With the first decision settled, my attention shifted to the second set of rewards.

My face immediately twisted into a grimace.

These were both way too good.

I hated the thought of giving either of them up.

...

Since when did I become this greedy over Gacha rewards?

...

Eh, whatever.

Chaos Response or Mipha.

Mipha looks incredible, and I'm honestly half tempted to pick her just because of the rush that would come from fighting someone that skilled with a polearm.

Eradication Fist is absurdly powerful, but it's still an unarmed martial art at its core. I can adapt weapons into the techniques well enough, yet those movements were never designed around spears or halberds. Having someone who had truly mastered that style of combat would not only make for a terrifying ally, but an amazing sparring partner as well.

She's also on the same level as Lupusregina and Pearl, making her one of the strongest Familiars I've rolled so far.

Well...

With the sole exception of Dark Eater Midir, of course.

Then there's the healing.

Another dedicated healer.

Just having Lupusregina is already ridiculous, considering how rare healing abilities are in this world. Othala and Panacea have worldwide reputations almost entirely because they're capable of restoring injuries that nobody else can.

Having two people capable of that?

That borders on the absurd.

In almost any other scenario, I would've picked Mipha without a second thought.

...

Unfortunately, the other option happens to be Chaos Response.

After spending the last few days digging through everything I could find about parahuman powers online, I've realized there are two categories of enemies that genuinely worry me.

Masters.

And Thinkers.

Masters are fairly self-explanatory.

Right now, I have absolutely no protection against mental manipulation. Granted, something tells me Oni isn't exactly the sort of existence that quietly accepts someone else taking control, but instincts aren't exactly reliable evidence, and unless the Gacha explicitly tells me I have immunity, I'm going to assume I don't.

Then there are Thinkers.

Thinkers are those who can gather information remotely, those who can predict the future, or those who build plans months in advance with only a few basic details that no person should ever be able to do.

Put me on the battlefield, and I'll adapt, improvise, figure things out as the fight develops.

Outside of combat?

I'm out of my depth. Espionage, counterintelligence, long-term strategy- those are things I never had to deal with, and never learned.

I'll learn it eventually of course; I'd like to think I'm smart enough for that.

The real question is how much I'm going to lose before I get there, because it isn't just about my own life anymore.

Those bastards I call subordinates shoved me into the position of leading an entire organization. Now every mistake I make can cost someone else, too.

...

Then there are the Endbringers.

Honestly, it was surprisingly difficult to learn much about them until I got access to the internet.

You'd think gigantic monsters that periodically flatten cities would be common knowledge.

Instead...

People barely talk about them, and mentioning them has become taboo in normal conversation. In fact, it was only while searching around for the Code of Capes, or whatever it is they call it, that I got more information about them.

I'll have to deal with them at a certain point.

But that's a thought for when I actually fight one of them.

Behemoth would be a problem.

His infamous kill field alone makes approaching him suicidal for someone like me that prefers close and personal fighting quarters, and that's before accounting for the sheer amount of energy manipulation he throws around.

Desert Logia, however, makes me feel much more comfortable going in. If my body is literally made of sand, it doesn't matter if he burns away my organs; they might turn to glass, but I can just replace them with more sand.

Leviathan was surprisingly manageable with my Poseidon Kiss. I could move through water with little issue and didn't drown anymore. Unless he has tricks beyond what the public knows, he's honestly the Endbringer I feel most comfortable fighting.

Then there's the Simurgh. The very large obstacle that I couldn't think of how to bypass.

Her Master ability alone forces entire armies of heroes and villains to rotate in and out of combat just to avoid prolonged exposure, with only a few people being completely immune to it.

Apparently, there were different rates on how much time you could stay in her zone until you reached a critical point, and the most accepted theory being that people who are mentally stable have greater resistance against her influence.

...

The fact that she so easily can make so many heroes into 'Simurgh Bombs' was-

Well, it said something about the heroes, that's for sure.

Then there's her ability to copy all nearby Tinkers who are in the vicinity, which, coupled with her ridiculous telekinesis, meant she could build some terrifying shit. Apparently, in her last appearance, she built a biohazard, and they had to completely seal off the city.

As if that wasn't enough, she sees the future.

There's no known limit to how far ahead into the future it can see, and as such, if it was even manageable to stop its schemes at all. For all anyone can prove, quarantining those cities after her attacks might have been exactly what she wanted humanity to do.

With such ridiculous future sight, even if I managed to kill her, would that actually matter?

If she sees far enough ahead, couldn't she simply set everything in motion beforehand? Wouldn't she be able to pull some bullshit plan that would continue even after her death?

If she knew I'd kill her, what's stopping her from simply never fighting me in the first place?

So that's what I came up with: Thinkers are bullshit.

They're a gigantic gray area that I currently have no real answer to besides brute forcing the problem away until it stops existing.

As satisfying as that solution usually is, how much damage will be caused until the problem is crushed beneath it?

So, it's with a heavy heart that I discard Mipha and pick Chaos Response.

Now I don't need to worry about Thinkers nearly as much.

The next Endbringer fight is going to be fun.

I wonder how the world will react when one of them finally dies.

"...and that concludes our report, my Lord."

And just like that, my train of thought came to an abrupt stop.

I'd been trying so hard not to think about what was currently happening in front of me, mostly because acknowledging it would mean accepting that this had somehow become my life.

The top floor of Night's Rest had gone through an absolutely absurd transformation overnight.

Somehow, my people had cleared out one of the rooms and converted it into... whatever the hell this was.

A throne room.

An actual throne room.

How the fuck did they do this?

The room itself wasn't particularly massive, but it had enough space to comfortably fit everyone inside without feeling cramped, and someone had gone far beyond simple renovations. Tall windows lined either side of the chamber, each framed by thick black curtains decorated with golden cords and elaborate tassels, while a deep crimson carpet stretched across the floor and naturally drew every eye toward the center of the room.

Spoiler: Like this

Which was, unfortunately...

Me.

Because sitting right in the middle of all that was an honest-to-God throne.

Where the hell did, they get this throne looking chair? And how the fuck was it so soft?

I was half slouched against one armrest with my chin resting on my fist, trying my best to look indifferent behind my Oni mask while secretly wondering if I could get away with stealing this thing for my house later.

Above me hung an ornate canopy draped with black cloth trimmed in gold, framing the seat almost like something out of an old fantasy movie.

And because apparently subtlety had died sometime during the construction of this thing...

The throne itself sat atop a short flight of stairs, elevating me above everyone else in the room.

How the fuck did they put this entire place together so qui—

It was Mr. Hong, wasn't it? He seems dramatic enough to do this.

Speaking of which...

My attention drifted toward the people gathered below.

If an ordinary civilian walked in right now, there would probably be screaming, definitely with a few shouts of 'monster!' or something.

Seven people, five men and two women, each kneeling before my throne in complete servitude, and yet I could also quite literally feel the worship wafting off them.

Specifically, the leader of this squad, a young man kneeling in front of them all, looking at me with adoration.

Which was remarkable, since he looked like a monstrous crow person.

Dark feathers covered their heads, replacing their human features with sharp beaks and gleaming black eyes, while large wings rested folded against their backs. Their legs bent like those of birds, ending in wicked talons that made kneeling look oddly awkward, and each of them wore flowing robes in black and gold that somehow managed to make the whole scene look even more ceremonial.

Spoiler: Tengu

Yup, this squad of people was no other than my Murder Squad, our reconnaissance unit who, almost immediately after receiving the Install Cards, operated under Mr. Hong's authority thanks to their mobility and ability to transform into ordinary-looking crows. They'd spent the entire time flying across Brockton Bay gathering information while the rest of us prepared for our first real offensive.

On a side note, while I'm glad Management got me to work on our resources so quickly, how the fuck did we already have costumes for them?

No, more importantly, who approved making uniforms?

We barely had enough resources to rebuild an entire gang, yet somehow my scout unit was already dressed like the elite royal guard of an evil empire.

…wait a second, this should all fall under Leah's purview.

…not gonna think about it.

Now, more importantly, why were they all kneeling before me, you might wonder?

Good fucking question.

I hadn't asked for this.

I'd simply arrived to hear their report, and the moment they'd entered – flying in – the room, they transformed back into their humanoid forms before immediately dropping to one knee like we'd rehearsed the scene beforehand.

I had a suspect.

Without moving my head, I slowly shifted my gaze toward the man standing quietly at my right, who was quite clearly holding his amusement.

Well, my annoyance was abated by the fact that we have a locale now, a target in the form of an ABB hideout, a good point to start things off and send some decisive messages.

The crow guy was still staring at me.

Why was he still staring at me?

Ah, dramatic response.

"You have done me well." My voice rolled through the room with a low rumble. With the Devil Trigger, I had become much more in tune with myself, with a deeper understanding of what it meant to be an Oni.

My mask stayed on, but today's clothing was simple enough, just a long black form-fitting shirt with loose black pants and a golden sash tied around my waist.

Changing my voice had become effortless. Even while remaining in my base form, I could naturally reproduce that deep, commanding resonance without straining myself in the slightest.

At my words, it was as though I had just announced they were all receiving six months of paid vacation, because the young man's face immediately lit up.

No, seriously.

How the hell am I reading your expressions so well when you're literally a bird?

"Dismissed," I waved my hands through the air gently.

I gave a small wave of my hand.

The young man, along with the rest of the squad, looked positively ecstatic as they all bowed one last time, this time low enough that their foreheads briefly touched the carpet.

It was little more than a whisper, but my hearing still caught it as they spoke together.

"Parallel Install."

Light erupted from the cards within their souls, briefly appearing before them, washing over their bodies, and within the span of a heartbeat, the seven monstrous crow-people had vanished.

In their place stood seven ordinary crows.

Without missing a beat, the young man gave a satisfied caw before spreading his wings and flying straight out of the open window, the rest of the squad immediately following after him until the room was quiet once more.

Silence lingered for a moment.

Then I slowly turned my head toward the monk standing at my right, who was very obviously struggling to keep himself from laughing.

"...Why were they kneeling?"

"Should one not kneel before one's King?" Mr. Hong asked with a perfectly innocent smile.

I made no effort to hide the sigh that escaped me.

I understood the loyalty, after all. Fanatical devotion had been one of the additional requirements for anyone receiving a Crow Install Card, for one very simple reason.

They were my Intelligence Unit.

Not just intelligence against our enemies, but against our own organization as well.

Sure, loyalty could be cultivated through leadership, demonstrations of strength, and actually treating people well, but as the Night Parade expanded, there was no chance I'd be able to personally oversee every individual carrying one of my Install Cards.

Power changed people.

Some would inevitably start testing boundaries to see exactly how much they could get away with before the hammer came down, while others would simply hide their actions from us altogether, doing things that had no place in the organization I was trying to build.

That meant I needed people whose loyalty wasn't merely practical.

I needed people who genuinely believed in what we were doing, to work as both my eyes against our enemies, and to those who break the rules within our gang.

I am quite literally Big Brother.

Murder Squad existed as a single unit for two reasons.

The first was practicality. Expanding our artificial cape roster slowly was much easier to manage than empowering the entire gang overnight, and a gradual increase in strength also let us establish a proper chain of command before everything spiralled into chaos.

The second reason was that, while every Install recipient had to pass the approval of all my generals, Mr. Hong personally selected people who practically worshipped the ground I walked on for the Intelligence Unit, and those were hard to find.

…well, at the same time he somehow managed to get seven of them in two days, so maybe not as hard as I imagine?

"I hate that title."

"My liege, please! It was bestowed upon you by the people." Mr. Hong replied with exaggerated patience.

Yeah, that did it.

"I hate democracy."

Mr. Hong finally lost the battle against his own amusement, lowering his head as laughter escaped him, and I already knew exactly what was going to happen next.

He was absolutely going to tell the other generals.

Every single one of them was going to laugh at me.

Well, seeing them happy wasn't exactly a bad thing, so I supposed I could forgive this particular crime against my dignity.

I am, after all, a magnanimous King.

POV: Carlos
Date: 19th of March, 2011 – Night

How did things end up like this?

It was an unfortunate question that Carlos had been asking himself for the past few years.

Living in Brockton Bay was bad, but if you knew where not to go, what not to do, and what not to say, you could probably make it out in one piece.

Carlos knew those rules.

Hell, he had almost finished high school without so much as a smidge of criminality, unlike half the idiots at Winslow who practically sprinted into gang life.

So what's the problem then, Carlos? You might be wondering.

Well...

"We're here, Carlos."

The large man behind the wheel turned toward him expectantly, his short tuft of black hair barely visible beneath the dim light inside the van, while the rest of the eight people packed into the vehicle followed his gaze, all of them waiting.

The problem, dear imaginary friends, was that he had somehow become the leader of the Downtown Trailblazers, a non-cape gang.

How?

Well, Carlos would be more than willing to answer that question if he actually knew.

Back in high school, a bunch of wannabe gangsters had been beating the shit out of each other behind the school. Nothing too unusual.

He had every intention of taking another route home when a third group suddenly arrived, and through some divine act of stupidity they mistook him for one of their own.

Naturally, Carlos didn't want to get beaten into the pavement.

Running away became difficult when the newcomers shoved him straight into the middle of the fight, leaving him with no real choice except to stop his body from trembling and throw a few desperate punches while praying to every god who might be listening.

And then somehow...

Through sheer, unbelievable luck, he accidentally knocked out the two leaders of the opposing groups.

Both of them had been bigger than him, both focused entirely on beating each other senseless before Carlos was unceremoniously pushed between them, and so he did what any reasonable man would do.

He tried to sneak in a couple of quick punches before quietly disappearing and saying that he did his part.

Maybe they were already exhausted. Maybe they'd been hurt more than he realized.

Whatever the reason, both of them collapsed after a single hit.

Silence fell.

Then the other groups scattered like rats.

The idiots who had mistaken Carlos for one of their own immediately started cheering, hoisted him onto their shoulders, and declared him the new leader of their gang.

And thus began the uncontrollable downward spiral of his life.

No matter what he tried, nothing worked.

Criminal life in Brockton Bay was dangerous, especially with the bigger gangs constantly looking for excuses to squash smaller groups before they could become problems.

His first idea had been simple.

Run away.

Unfortunately, running away required money, and money was something he decidedly did not have.

So then came his second brilliant idea.

Commit just a little crime.

Nothing major. Just enough to get some cash together, pack his bags, and disappear somewhere far away from this cursed city.

And they actually pulled it off.

Unfortunately, the place they robbed happened to be a front owned by another gang.

Which naturally led to a gang war.

And it just...

Kept...

Happening.

No matter what he did, it felt like every criminal group outside the villainous gangs in Brockton Bay woke up each morning thinking, You know who deserves problems today? Carlos.

Carlos really didn't want to die.

So he kept surviving.

Until somehow, through a combination of panic, improvisation, and no shortage of miracles, he'd established himself as one of the strongest non-cape gang leaders in Brockton Bay.

By then he was far too deep to back out.

His face was known, as was his gang.

Even if he somehow escaped the city, somebody would eventually find him.

Five years.

Five years of constant stress while pretending he had even the slightest clue what he was doing.

And then this happened.

A new villain showed up out of nowhere, gathered everyone together, and started making promises that had half the criminal world looking at him like he'd descended from heaven to give righteous justice.

Ura-Douji was incredible. He was powerful, charismatic-

And absolutely fucking terrifying.

A kid who was already a murderer, killed Hookwolf, and strong enough to casually walk in the middle of an active warzone that had been current Brockton Bay and declare his own part in this war.

Sure, he looked noble, and he certainly sounded noble, but Carlos wasn't stupid enough to believe speeches at face value.

To him, it looked like an incredibly well-packaged plan to end with Ura-Douji owning half of Brockton Bay's underworld if everything went according to plan.

Carlos also understood exactly what would happen if, after being invited to that first rally, he decided not to cooperate.

He would disappear.

So, naturally, he became the first person to cheer with every ounce of passion he could fake, because he really, really didn't want to die!

And of course, his enthusiasm was well received. So well received in fact, that showing such initiative meant him and his group were selected as the strike force for the very first battle of the gang war against the ABB.

BECAUSE OF COURSE!

Carlos wanted the boring jobs, like logistics! Or paperwork, or anything that would take him out of the field and behind a cosy desk!

Not a single one of those emotions showed on his face. His expression remained calm, composed, and almost intimidating, giving his men a slow nod that they interpreted as quiet confidence instead of the desperate internal screaming it actually concealed.

It was a valuable skill, one Carlos had perfected over the years to stop anyone from seeing the pants-shitting terror constantly trying to claw its way onto his face. Five years of somehow surviving Brockton Bay's criminal underworld had only sharpened that talent until even he was impressed by how calm he could look while mentally planning his own funeral.

"Get ready, boys." He ignored the fact that he was the youngest man present. "Remember the plan. We're the strike force. Our job is to get their attention, pin them down, and keep them busy until one of the generals arrives to wipe them out in a single sweep."

While Carlos would have liked more if they had the Cape backing from the start, apparently Ura-Douji wanted to see how they would act by themselves as some sort of test.

Fucking dammit.

The responses came back immediately.

"Understood."

"Yes, boss!"

"Fuck yeah!"

"Damn right!"

Carlos gave them a firm nod.

Nice enthusiasm, everyone.

Please don't get yourselves killed. The more people standing between him and the enemy, the better his chances of surviving this.

The squad climbed out of the van one after another, boots crunching softly against cracked pavement as the sliding door shut behind them. They had parked inside a narrow alley between two aging brick warehouses, where rusted dumpsters and forgotten pallets crowded the walls, the salty scent of the nearby ocean mixing with stale oil and old garbage.

They were close to the docks.

Not close enough to see the water itself, but near enough that every gust of wind carried the distant cries of seagulls, and the faint clanging of loose shipping containers somewhere farther down the waterfront.

The streets around them were deserted.

Only the occasional flickering streetlamp managed to push back the darkness, leaving long stretches of broken asphalt swallowed by shadow. Most of the surrounding buildings had seen better decades, their walls stained by rain and neglect, with boarded windows staring blankly over empty loading lots.

Carlos had no idea how Ura-Douji had managed to locate an ABB hideout this quickly.

Nor did he understand why the ABB hadn't already retaliated against Night's Rest.

Considering their headquarters were practically public knowledge, maybe Lung believed he had enough time to prepare a proper offensive before making his move.

Carlos frowned internally.

Maybe Ura-Douji had already accounted for that too.

...God, that thought somehow made the kid even scarier.

Keeping his face completely expressionless, Carlos signalled everyone forward, his fingers tightening around the unfamiliar rifle slung across his chest.

And yeah.

A fucking rifle.

Not the beat-up pistols they usually scraped together, but an honest-to-God military assault rifle with a full-auto firing mode.

Actually, every single member of his squad had received one.

Not just the weapons, either.

They'd all been issued matching uniforms that looked like they belonged to some elite special forces unit straight out of a Call of Duty game from Earth Aleph.

Black tactical gear covered by dark grey body armor, reinforced boots, gloves, magazine pouches, helmets fitted snugly over their heads, and subtle gold accents that somehow made the whole thing look even more intimidating without reflecting any light.

Spoiler: Carlos

Carlos had no clue where any of it came from.

Some mysteries were healthier left unsolved.

Keeping low, they advanced through the maze of alleyways until they reached the edge of the target area, each man instinctively hugging walls, abandoned cargo crates, and piles of forgotten construction material as they avoided exposing themselves.

Carlos slowly peeked around the corner.

The hideout spread out before him.

It wasn't some hidden warehouse tucked away from sight.

Instead, it occupied an open industrial shipping yard surrounded by tall chain-link fencing reinforced with rusted metal plating in several places. Wide vehicle entrances broke up the perimeter, while stacks of weathered cargo containers formed uneven corridors throughout the compound.

Several shipping containers sat abandoned near the docks, their faded paint peeling beneath years of salt and rain. A pair of old cargo cranes towered above everything else like skeletal giants, their long arms frozen in place against the night sky.

Floodlights illuminated parts of the yard in harsh white circles while leaving large pockets of darkness between them.

ABB members moved through both.

Some hauled heavy wooden crates between storage areas, while others stood watch with rifles slung casually over their shoulders.

A handful slowly patrolled the perimeter; Carlos doubted they'd get much closer without being spotted.

And every single guard he could see was carrying weapons that weren't much different from the ones his own men had been handed.

Spoiler: Something like this

At least there probably wouldn't be civilians wandering into this mess.

This was an industrial district late at night. The only people stupid enough to be here were criminals.

...Wait.

Did Ura-Douji intentionally choose a battlefield where collateral damage would be minimal?

Carlos slowly blinked.

No.

No.

Stop giving the terrifying murder child even more credit.

He's already scary enough.

He forced himself back to the present.

His orders were simple.

Pin down the outer patrols.

Establish a fortified position inside the compound.

Hold until the Cape shows up.

Carlos had very little experience with anything resembling proper tactical warfare, but surviving five years as a gang leader had at least taught him how to shoot straight and take cover.

Still, he really didn't want to do anything that could lead to his death-

Unfortunately...

He also knew that doing any of those things still involved getting shot at.

"Yo, bossman." Alan leaned over with that stupid grin he always wore and bumped Carlos lightly with his elbow.

"Wanna do the honors?"

Fuck you, Alan.

Carlos didn't even need to look around to know what had happened.

The entire squad was staring at him in expectation.

Fuck, fuck, fuck. He couldn't back down now.

If he showed hesitation after spending years cultivating this terrifying reputation, the illusion would crack, and once that happened these idiots might stop following him.

And if they stopped following him...

Who was supposed to stand between Carlos and all the bullets?

Keeping his expression perfectly neutral, Carlos closed his eyes for just a heartbeat and took a slow breath.

Act like you know what you're doing.

Confidence.

Confidence had somehow worked for five years.

"Douglas. Robert."

He pointed toward a rusted loading platform overlooking part of the yard.

"I want the two of you up there. Once we make contact and get their attention, move over and lay down covering fire to keep their heads down."

High ground was good.

Military people always liked high ground.

"Got it, boss."

The two men immediately peeled away to get in position so that when things went off, they could reach there faster.

"As for us..."

Carlos rose from cover, stealing one last glance across the compound as he mentally counted patrol routes, firing angles, and all the places he absolutely did not want to be standing in about thirty seconds.

Just pin them down and keep them busy while waiting for the capes.

Please let this test end quickly so we can get the capes' assistance.

"We'll give them hell."

His men answered with eager grins, preparing to move.

Above them, almost unnoticed, a single black feather drifted lazily through the night before landing beside Carlos' boot, while somewhere overhead a lone crow gave one quiet caw before disappearing into the darkness.

...Please don't be a bad omen.


There was no signal; there didn't have to be.

Carlos squeezed the trigger.

The rifle bucked against his shoulder with a deafening crack that shattered the night's silence, the muzzle flash briefly illuminating the alley before the round screamed across the shipping yard.

Now, had he ever used a rifle before today? This was Brockton Bay, United States.

Yes, yes, he did.

The bullet struck true.

One of the guards standing atop the perimeter catwalk jerked violently before pitching backward, his rifle slipping from limp fingers as he crashed against the metal railing and disappeared from sight long before his body struck the concrete below.

The entire compound erupted.

Shouts echoed across the yard as every ABB member immediately spun toward the source of the gunfire, alarms being screamed from one patrol to another while men scrambled for cover behind cargo containers and stacked crates.

Death.

It was an unfortunate part of the criminal world.

Carlos had stopped pretending otherwise years ago.

People died.

As long as it wasn't him, he had learned to keep moving.

"There! They're over there!"

"We're under attack!"

"Get to cover!"

"There are shooters in the alley!"

There was no time to hesitate.

"Go, go!"

Carlos surged forward, boots pounding against cracked asphalt as the rest of his squad flooded out behind him, rifles already barking in controlled bursts while they sprinted toward the compound's main entrance.

The first return shots came almost instantly.

Orange muzzle flashes erupted from behind cargo containers and stacked pallets as ABB patrols zeroed in on their position, bullets whining overhead before slamming into walls around them.

Carlos ducked instinctively.

His own men answered just as quickly.

Rifle fire erupted from behind him, streams of suppressing fire forcing several ABB members to throw themselves flat before they could get clean shots, while two members of his squad immediately moved to the elevated loading platform exactly as planned.

Carlos barely managed another few strides before he realised things were going to well, so he dove behind one of the enormous industrial dumpsters sitting beside the warehouse wall just as a hail of bullets hammered into the rusted steel.

Thank god Brockton Bay never cleaned up after itself.

Judging by the amount of garbage packed inside, the overflowing dumpster absorbed most of the rounds instead of letting them punch straight through.

That...

That probably saved his life.

Gunfire slowed for only a heartbeat as both sides paused to reload.

Someone shouted another order.

Carlos inhaled sharply.

Then ran again.

He burst from cover—

—and immediately threw himself backward because fuck that!

And for good reason!

The moment he had stepped into the open, a hidden shooter tucked behind a stack of steel shipping crates opened fire exactly where Carlos would have continued running.

Concrete exploded where he would have landed.

His heart nearly punched through his ribs.

Holy shit.

Holy shit.

Holy shit.

Panting quietly, Carlos looked around desperately before spotting a bulging trash bag lying beside the dumpster.

Plan half formed, he grabbed the bag and hurled it into the open.

The once hidden shooter reacted instantly, and as such allowed Carlos to know where he was, at the top of the fence popping up to aim down at them.

His rifle barked, and the trash bag exploded into a shower of rotting garbage halfway through the air.

Carlos didn't hesitate, rising at the same moment as his rifle snapped up with three quick shots.

The ABB gunman crumpled without another sound.

Silence lingered for half a second.

Then—

"Holy shit! Did you see that?!"

"Boss baited the hidden guy!"

"That was calculated as hell!"

"Boss is playing 3D chess while they're playing 2D checkers!"

Please.

Please stop saying things like that.

That was literally a shot in the dark.

Carlos kept his face perfectly blank.

Without another word, he pushed forward.

The firefight shifted with him.

Douglas and Robert had reached the elevated platform overlooking the yard, and the moment they settled into position their rifles began hammering down from above.

The angle changed everything.

Caught between Carlos' squad advancing from the front and sustained fire from above, the ABB patrols quickly abandoned the open yard.

Several sprinted toward the central warehouse.

Others retreated into what looked like the administrative office attached to the loading area, diving through reinforced doors while firing blindly over their shoulders.

Good.

Good.

Everything was following the plan.

Carlos' squad crossed the final stretch of open ground and poured into the shipping yard, spreading naturally between abandoned forklifts, stacked containers, concrete barriers, and rows of heavy wooden cargo crates that offered solid firing positions.

Within seconds they had established a rough defensive line overlooking the office building where the remaining ABB members had barricaded themselves.

"Hold your positions!" Carlos shouted.

"We keep them pinned until reinforcements arrive!"

Hopefully...

Hopefully those reinforcements were already on the way.

Because the ABB had definitely gotten a message out.

Which also meant their own reinforcements were probably their own capes were just around the corner, right?

His men answered with quick acknowledgements, settling comfortably behind cover as bursts of gunfire kept the office windows empty whenever someone inside tried to peek.

His heartbeat finally began slowing as the initial rush of adrenaline faded, though he stubbornly refused to leave his cover.

He had survived five years in Brockton Bay by respecting random bullets.

He wasn't about to stop now.

Carefully, he leaned out just enough to signal toward Douglas and Robert on the elevated platform, gesturing for them to prepare to move down and regroup—

—and that tiny movement saved his life.

There was no warning.

A figure wrapped from head to toe in matte black clothing that blended seamlessly into the surrounding shadows, every inch of exposed skin concealed beneath tactical fabric that swallowed the light.

A combat knife rested loosely in one gloved hand.

Several grenades hung neatly from the belt around their waist.

And covering the stranger's face was the crimson, grinning mask of an Oni.

Spoiler: Oni Lee

Oh.

Was his first thought within 0.0001 seconds.

Oh shit was the rest of it.

Maybe it was because Carlos had turned around at exactly the wrong, or perhaps the right, moment. Maybe Oni Lee simply hadn't expected him to look behind himself while directing the battle.

Whatever the reason, the knife that should have buried itself between Carlos' shoulders instead slammed into the rifle still clutched in his hands, the impact ringing through the weapon.

The world lurched.

Carlos threw himself backward more than he consciously chose to, his boots slipping across the concrete as instinct completely hijacked his body.

His rifle came up, and he pulled the trigger.

Oni Lee barely had enough time to register that his assassination had failed before his entire body dissolved into a cloud of grey ash that scattered into the night breeze.

Holy shit.

Holy shit.

Holy—

So much for calming down. Nah, forget that, let's go crazy on this bitch I guess! His heart was hammering against his ribs so violently it almost hurt.

Oni Lee, the only other fucking cape that the ABB had, and a known psychopath that didn't say anything and liked to send in suicide clones to stab his enemies to death!

And fuck, grenades? Did the grenades work with his duplicates? Dumb question, of course they did, always expect the worst when it came to capes!

So now he was dealing with a teleporting serial killer who could potentially turn himself into a suicide bomber.

Fantastic.

"Oni Lee is here!" Carlos shouted, his voice carrying across the shipping yard. "Everyone keep your eyes open!"

The effect was immediate as several of his men instinctively tightened their formation.

Others spun in place, rifles swinging wildly, trying to watch every direction at once.

Good, be scared guys; fear kept people alive!

Somewhere overhead, Carlos faintly heard the caw of a crow.

Fuck, that better not be death.

"The Oni's on our side!"

The shout echoed from inside the office building where the remaining ABB members had taken cover.

Wait a sec-

"No, don't lose focus!" Carlos barked immediately, forcing himself to think through the panic. "Half of you, follow Albert! Keep those bastards pinned inside the building!"

He pointed sharply toward the office entrance before swinging his arm toward the rest of the yard.

"The other half watches for Oni Lee! Don't let him catch you alone!"

Men split into two groups, boots scraping across concrete as rifles shifted toward their new responsibilities. It was disorganised, but enough.

A heartbeat later, fresh gunfire erupted from the office windows.

Apparently the ABB had found their courage again.

Rounds cracked overhead while bullets punched fresh holes through nearby shipping containers, forcing Carlos and several others back into cover.

Dammit, they better not kill any of his men! The more of his men die the less people would stand between him and Oni Lee.

Carlos crouched lower behind his cover while his eyes swept frantically across the battlefield.

Rows of stacked containers.

Dark warehouse roofs.

Loading cranes.

The maze of narrow alleys between cargo stacks.

Every shadow suddenly looked suspicious.

Every corner looked like somewhere a psychopath could crawl out of.

Where was he?

Why wasn't he attacking again? Got spooked that his first kill wasn't clean? Rethinking his strategy?

Maybe he was changing up his strategy, looking for a better angl-

Again, no warning came, nothing that could potentially be used to predict where the cape would come from.

Oni Lee simply existed beside George, one of his men.

One moment he was crouched behind a low concrete barrier, carefully scanning the shipping yard.

The next...

A knife flashed down, and George doubled over with a cry as the blade slammed into his stomach.

Carlos didn't freeze, because freezing meant dying, but even so his teeth were grinding, his sidearm was already in his hand before his brain caught up, the pistol snapping toward the masked killer.

Bang.

The shot struck squarely through Oni Lee's chest as ash exploded outward.

Another clone then.

Fuck, fuck fuck.

"George! You still alive?!"

"Y-yeah!" George gasped, one hand grasping at his stomach. "Plate caught it!"

The combat vest.

Thank God for the combat vest.

The blade hadn't punched through.

Judging from the way George was curled over, though, it had still felt like getting kicked by a horse.

Carlos barely spared him another glance upon getting a confirmation.

His eyes never stopped moving, never stopped searching.

"Everyone!" he shouted. "If you see him, don't hesitate to pull the tri—"

Carlos knew it was coming, simply because it was the most obvious next move.

Cut off the head and the body will die.

It was the most obvious tactic.

Carlos had done it himself plenty of times against smaller gangs.

He'd just painted a giant target on himself by shouting out the commands, and as such had been completely ready for the following sound.

A tiny metallic click, the unmistakable scrape of a grenade pin being pulled.

His body moved before the fear even registered.

Carlos threw himself sideways with every ounce of strength he had, abandoning his cover completely as he hit the concrete shoulder-first and rolled across the pavement, desperately trying to put as much distance as possible between himself and wherever the explosive had landed.

"Grenade!" he screamed.

The explosion went off.

It wasn't anything like the movies.

There was no dramatic fireball, no slow-motion shockwave throwing people through the air.

Instead, it was an overwhelming blast that swallowed the world in a violent roar, concrete dust bursting upward while jagged chunks of metal and stone tore through the shipping yard.

Carlos barely had time to curl into himself before the concussion rolled over him.

His squad shouted.

Or...

He assumed they did.

Because there was no sound anymore.

Only a deafening ringing that drowned out everything else.

The world had become strangely distant, muffled beneath the constant whine inside his ears.

Carlos remained sprawled across the cold concrete for a few precious seconds, blinking through the haze while desperately trying to force his body to obey him again.

Fuck.

Then a shadow loomed over him, Oni Lee.

A boot slammed down onto his throat before he could so much as shout, pinning him flat against the pavement as the little air he'd managed to recover was forced straight back out of his lungs.

His rifle was kicked away, skidding across the concrete.

Double fuck.

Somewhere in the distance, through the now lowering ringing in his ears, he barely caught a familiar voice.

"Boss! We can't hold much longer! They're pushing out!"

Triple fuck.

Oni Lee slowly crouched.

Without saying a word, the psychopath simply stared into Carlos' eyes while raising the blade with deliberate slowness.

...The bastard was making a show of it.

Carlos clawed at the boot crushing his neck, his fingers uselessly gripping the cape's clothes as the pressure made every breath feel smaller than the last.

The ringing had faded, but in turn a dizziness was beginning to darken his vision.

Unfortunately, that only meant reality was becoming clearer.

His eyes stayed locked on the knife.

So...

This was it.

He was really going to die here.

Killed because he'd accepted the recruitment offer of a teenager who was definitely some kind of terrifying mastermind, only to end up stabbed to death in the middle of an abandoned shipping yard by a teleporting ninja psychopath.

Hah.

What a stupid—

...Meteor?

Something streaked across the night sky.

Carlos only caught it from the corner of his eye, but whatever it was, it came down so quickly it looked less like a person and more like a falling star.

Oni Lee must have heard it coming, because in the last second his head snapped up-

The impact sounded like a truck colliding with a brick wall.

Oni Lee disappeared sideways, his entire body launched across the yard before crashing through the side of a warehouse with enough force to crack concrete, the clone bursting apart into a swirling cloud of blue-grey ash that scattered into the wind.

The crushing weight vanished from Carlos' throat.

He sucked in a desperate breath, coughing violently as blessed oxygen flooded back into his lungs.

Someone landed between him and the drifting ash.

A woman. A biker woman?

She stood well over seven feet tall, her broad frame carved from dark stone that somehow still moved with effortless grace, massive wings folding behind her while a long tail lazily swept across the fractured pavement.

Cracks of pale blue lightning danced beneath the visor of her helmet, occasionally escaping through its openings with quiet snaps that made the air smell faintly of ozone.

"Sorry for the delay, boys," she called over her shoulder, her voice surprisingly smooth despite looking like she could punch through a building. "The cavalry's here."

Carlos blinked.

...Lightning?

Was...

Was that lightning leaking out of her helmet?

It almost looked like she was breathing it.

Then his exhausted brain finally caught up.

Ah.

Their cape.

Carlos nearly collapsed from relief.

Somehow managing to stagger back onto his feet, he retrieved his rifle, stealing another glance at the woman who just cratered Oni Lee into a warehouse.

Well, a clone of his, but same thing honestly.

He remembered seeing her standing beside Ura-Douji during the speech.

Which meant she ranked so absurdly above him that he wasn't even sure they technically belonged to the same organization anymore.

Please don't notice me.

Please don't—

"You."

God fucking dammit.

Carlos turned with practiced calm, his expression settling into the same unreadable mask that had somehow carried him through five years of gang politics.

"Yes?"

Her face remained hidden behind the helmet, though somehow he still felt like she was looking directly through him.

"You're the leader, right?" she asked, tilting her head slightly. "Nice job keeping a cape occupied. You've got guts. I'll be sure to tell the big man"

Please don't.

How about instead of flattery, you maybe focus on finding the teleporting murder machine before he respawns somewhere behind us!

Naturally, none of that reached his face; he simply gave a measured nod.

"We'll make sure the ABB doesn't bother you," He nodded seriously, palming his rifle and taking a glance at his boys who were still dealing with the ABB, some of which had left the building and were trying to push out.

Several ABB members had finally pushed out from the office building, darting between shipping containers while exchanging fire with his men, though they stopped at the new arrival.

He couldn't afford to waste this opportunity.

Drawing in a breath, Carlos raised his voice.

"Everyone!" he shouted. "Eyes on the ABB! Our General's finally here!"

The announcement wasn't really needed all that much, since she had quite the explosive entrance. But it helped their spirits.

Several ducked back into better cover while others shifted fire toward the advancing ABB gunmen instead of constantly searching every shadow for Oni Lee.

Then Carlos realized something.

...He had absolutely no idea what the General's name was.

Too late now.

Momentum was everything.

He couldn't stop in the middle of rallying everyone just to ask.

"Tempest will handle Oni Lee!" Carlos declared confidently, pointing toward the stone-winged woman.

Please don't be mad about the name; you were kind of breathing out thunder earlier, right? So, it makes sense, right?!

"Tempest, huh?" the stone-skinned woman mused, sounding almost amused by the name.

Carlos was already mentally preparing an explanation that absolutely wouldn't convince anyone.

Thankfully, he never had to give it.

Her entire body twisted in one fluid motion, and stone wings snapped open with a deafening crack.

Two Oni Lees materialized almost simultaneously on opposite sides of her, each clone already in the motion of throwing a grenade. He was so quick because he knew if she caught him once, it would be game over.

The massive wings swept outward.

Instead of shielding herself, Tempest batted both explosives away with the flat of her wings, sending them spinning across the battlefield.

Carlos' eyes widened.

The grenades landed directly among the ABB fighters who had begun pushing out from the warehouse.

Several gang members screamed.

"GRENADE!"

The explosions ripped through their formation, throwing bodies off their feet while smoke and dust swallowed the entrance they'd been trying so hard to reclaim.

...That was absolutely on purpose.

"Hey."

Tempest didn't even look at him.

"You should get out of here."

Her attention never left the battlefield.

"Cape fights aren't something you normies should be getting involved in."

Carlos blinked.

...Why did it feel like she was suddenly treating him differently?

There wasn't much time to think about it.

Another Oni Lee appeared.

Tempest's fist swung like a wrecking ball.

The clone burst into drifting ash before it could even stab.

The instant she completed the punch, two more materialized behind her one after another.

One slashed.

The other reached for another grenade.

Then three more appeared.

And another.

And another.

The shipping yard became filled with brief flashes of blue-grey ash as Oni Lee continuously replaced every destroyed clone with another, teleporting as soon as he could to create a crowd of bodies, never giving Tempest more than a heartbeat between attacks.

"C'mon!" she shouted, planting her feet while another stone fist demolished a clone. "Can you even hurt me?"

Almost on cue—

Boom.

The grenade detonated.

Several nearby clones disappeared in the blast alongside the explosion, while smoke rolled over Tempest's body and briefly hid her from view.

"Hahaha!" she laughed from inside the smoke. "That's better!"

The dust cleared.

Her rocky skin bore fresh cracks and scorch marks, fragments of stone crumbling from one shoulder before slowly knitting themselves back together.

She'd been hurt.

Not that badly; it literally looked like just a few scratches into her stone skin, but hurt, nonetheless.

Carlos frowned.

Why wasn't she flying?

Her wings couldn't be more than decoration; she could absolutely take to the air; he did see her flying at the start after all.

Wouldn't that make it harder for Oni Lee to swarm her in the air? She would also have a much better view of the battleground to find his next locati-

Then the answer clicked into place.

...She couldn't.

Because she was protecting them.

Every clone.

Every knife.

Every grenade.

Every teleport.

Oni Lee wasn't looking at Carlos' men anymore, completely having lost interest in the gunfight.

Every single clone was focused entirely on Tempest.

She'd deliberately become the biggest target on the battlefield.

She was the wall standing between the ABB's assassin and everyone behind her.

But as he watched, another thing became obvious. For all that Oni Lee's only way of damaging her was through grenades, she also couldn't hit him.

Always a clone left behind, and whenever she committed, another appeared somewhere else.

She was their only protection.

She could destroy every clone in a single punch, and that tail of hers was obviously a danger, capable of taking out multiple when swung, but she couldn't land a hit on the real body.

Then another grenade exploded from somewhere in the mass of clones.

And again, it hadn't done much, but it had done something.

Carlos looked between Tempest.

If she went down, every single one of them would be next.

Carlos really...

Really...

Really…

Didn't want to die.

Which naturally led him toward what was almost certain death.

The almost was doing an incredible amount of work there.

He stepped out from cover, raised his rifle, and pulled the trigger.

Automatic fire tore through the battlefield.

Several Oni Lee clones burst apart like balloons almost simultaneously as bullets ripped through their torsos before they could finish surrounding Tempest.

The bullets pinged off her skin, not doing any visible damage to her.

"The fuck do you think you're doing?!" Tempest shouted, genuine alarm entering her voice as she smashed another clone into ash. "Didn't you hear me when I said—"

"I heard you."

Carlos interrupted her.

Because apparently, he'd become suicidal.

He advanced anyway, boots crunching over broken concrete until he reached a position that felt... acceptable.

Close enough that Tempest could intercept anything aimed at him.

Far enough that he hopefully wouldn't immediately become collateral damage.

"I'll watch your back."

Because if you die out here...

We're all completely fucked.

Silence settled over their side of the battlefield for the briefest moment.

One Oni Lee appeared.

Just one.

The masked assassin stood several meters away, tactical knife hanging loosely at his side while another grenade rested calmly in his opposite hand.

His masked face tilted slightly as he glanced at Carlos.

"Aaah..." Tempest sighed.

Her stone tail lazily swayed behind her.

Carlos still couldn't see her face beneath the helmet.

Somehow, he had the distinct impression that she was smiling.

"You've got some huge balls on you, don't ya?" She rolled one shoulder before planting her feet against the ground into a punching stance.

"Alright. If that's how you wanna play it..."

"...don't start crying if you end up dead."

Carlos met Oni Lee's silent stare.

"I won't."

He absolutely fucking would.

The clone vanished.

Three more appeared.

And the battle began again.


AN: So, this is almost an entire month since the last chapter, which holy shit!

But also, yesterday was the final day of Uni! I managed to make a whole presentation in Italian (Which I don't speak very well) of a report that I barely understood! It was so stressful I felt like I was about to throw up, yet at the same time so good because it's finally fucking over!

I AM FREEEEEE!

Is what I would say if I didn't have a summer job


On to the chapter. First of all, Emperor Lee, you have bullshit luck. Or maybe you gave a small chance for Samuel to work his bullshit.

Do you guys have any fucking idea how strong a Devil Trigger makes someone? Like, it gives an example of Tearing part a Tank, but it's such a ridiculous modifier, Jesus Christ.

Remember that comment that I said, that if Samuel fought against an Endbringer, and he managed to fight quickly enough to not die due to over using his abilities, he would have a roughly 50 – 50 chance of winning, which now that I think about it, is lower, because while he might be as strong overall, Samuel does need an All or Nothing type of attack to destroy their bullshit Cores.

Anyways, if you take away the Core of an Endbringer from the equation, he would be a 50-50.

Well that's no longer the fucking case! Devil Trigger allows him to become so much stronger physically and durable, that he can now use Eradication Fist to a much higher level!

Which means that he could in fact, destroy a Endbringer's core! His winning chance went from about 30% to a whooping 80%, and that's me being generous to the Endbringers.

Oh, and Chaos Response I guess, you know, the only other trait that he needed to be virtually immune to the bullshitery of Worm. The thing is that up until now he was actually capable of being Pathed, and the Simurgh could technically adapt to him. Of course, most things would be wrong, but at the end of the day, it was possible to adapt.

Now?! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

Path: How to defeat Ura-Douji

Step One: Do the Chicken Dance

Contessa: What the fuck?

He's even worse than a Blind Spot, he's a Cognito Hazard.

Anyways, this chapter came out, and I wanted to write a PRT or Protectorate view of it, yet also just a little to make you realise how it felt to be a man on the front line of this gang war.

And then the more I wrote about Carlos, the more I really fucking liked writing him. I don't know why, but I just became more and more engrossed in writing his point of view, and now he's become an actual character that I'm already planning on using in future arcs and plot points. What do you guys think about him?

Sorry about the delay though, I'll try and be better since I'ma be majorly free for now.

If you guys would wish to, please leave a comment appreciating how hard I work, and be sure to throw lots of compliments my way!

Thanks for reading, hope you enjoyed it!
Last edited: Jul 12, 2026
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Chgyth, EvilSmirk, deathcall49 and 1,003 others
PassingBy
Jul 11, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Appendix
Extras
View content
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
The CheshireCat
[NSFW] Shuffle the Cards (Worm/Chaos Gacha)
The CheshireCat Mar 2, 2026 Words: 81k 1 ... 4 5 6 brockton bay chaos gacha inspired original character
Replies171
Views60K
Jun 3, 2026
IrrelevantlAlex
IrrelevantlAlex
bluerunner
 [NSFW] Multiversal Gacha Store (Worm AU | OC)
bluerunner Jun 9, 2026 Words: 27k 1 ... 7 8 9 au gacha harem
Replies246
Views65K
Aug 15, 2026
Alblastere
DannyPhantom7012
Thread watched
 [NSFW] The Curse of Escalation (A clueless SI into worm with a JJK style gacha)
DannyPhantom7012 Jul 31, 2026 Words: 7.5k 1 2 3 chaos gacha chaos gacha inspired jujutsu kaisen
Replies62
Views10K
Yesterday at 18:09
Moldy Guacamole
TroyX
 [NSFW] Eden's Aperture [Chaos Gacha, Worm, SI, Complete]
TroyX Jun 19, 2026 Words: 82k 1 ... 5 6 7 chaos gacha complete imagination's aperture variant
Replies207
Views44K
Yesterday at 08:20
Vaporwave
Vaporwave
GradeTheAuthor
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Dragonball Slight AU Chaos Gacha
GradeTheAuthor Jun 21, 2026 Words: 67k 1 ... 13 14 15 chaos gacha communication disccusion makes author happy
Replies429
Views61K
Aug 16, 2026
RandomWebPasserBy
RandomWebPasserBy
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit