                                  Window Across the Galaxy
  Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/48988984.


Rating:                Explicit
Archive Warning:       Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:              F/M
Fandoms:               Guardians of the Galaxy (Movies), Guardians of the Galaxy (Cartoon),
                       Guardians of the Galaxy (Comics)
Relationships:         Rocket Raccoon/Original Female Character(s), Rocket Raccoon/Original
                       Character(s)
Characters:            Rocket Raccoon, Original Characters, Original Female Character(s)
Additional Tags:       Slow Burn, Hurt/Comfort, Angst and Hurt/Comfort, Romance, Enemies
                       to Friends to Lovers, but only one of these idiots thinks they're enemies,
                       Friends to Lovers, Mutual Pining, Sexual Tension, Sexual Fantasy, Angst
                       with a Happy Ending, Roommates, Sharing a Bed, Idiots in Love,
                       Canon-Typical Violence, Explicit Sexual Language, Smut, Dirty Talk,
                       Praise Kink, Impact Play, Orgasm Delay, Begging, Edging, Little bit of
                       nipple play (with claws), use of "slut" and "whore" (affectionate), Light
                       Dom/sub, Aftercare, Sex with an Anthropomorphic Space Raccoon,
                       Overstimulation, Minor Injury (from claws), playful biting, Oral Sex,
                       Masturbation, Exhibitionism, Voyeurism, Light Bondage
Language:              English
Stats:                 Published: 2023-07-30 Completed: 2024-02-06 Words: 235,940
                       Chapters: 27/27
                                Window Across the Galaxy
                                             by raccoonfallsharder

Summary



   Rocket is captured by a Ravager crew hoping to get rich off the excessively large bounty on
   his head. Throwing a wrench in everyone’s plans is the Terran girl they hired to do some
   freelance assessing on a recent haul of goods they’ve seized from a Xandaran luxury liner.
   Oops.

   or

   girl falls first; raccoon falls harder.

   slight AU starting pre-GOTG volume 1 (but will hit most of the same major plot points).
   slooowww burn + eventual smut. kinda enemies-to-lovers? (but only one of these idiots
   thinks they're enemies). elements of hurt/comfort because rocket is the saddest-angriest boy.
   rating will go up and tags will be added to as needed.
                                       Chapter 1: A Delicacy.
Chapter Summary



      in which our reluctant heroes meet atop a crate of Sovereign porn in the bowels of a
      Ravager ship.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes




   The Eclector is dark and, despite the raucous laughter and fighting of the crew, every footfall
   on the gridded catwalks seems to echo. It smells like rust and oil and old metal, and
   sometimes sweat, and there’s generally very little that is pleasant about it.



   But Kraglin Obfonteri had sent word that the Yondu clan had recently overtaken a Xandaran
   luxury liner. Among its treasures, there had been a pretty vast art collection, and Jolie is a
   reliable assessor and - for some of the more common mediums, as well as a few blindingly
   unique ones - a restorer. It’s not the first time she’s contracted her services out to a Ravager
   crew. Hell, it’s not even the first time she’s worked with the Yondu Clan. She crosses paths
   with them at least once every fifteen cycles or so.



   So here she is, following some hulking brute named Taserface and dodging when pirates on
   the catwalk above decide to spit over the side.



   What a way to spend my morning, she thinks. There better be something worthwhile in this
   pile of junk.



   They finally leave the belly of the ship and Taserface leads her through a network of cargo
   holds and corridors, trying to make very awkward conversation and occasionally leering at
   her. Jolie is a consummate professional, though, and she’s dealt with a lot of creeps. She
   keeps a polite smile on her lips and a dead look in her eyes. She’d been hoping today’s escort
   would be the aforementioned Kraglin, or maybe fellow-Terran Peter Quill. Pete’s been family
   since Jolie met him - almost seven years ago - even if they don’t usually see each other more
   than once every few cycles at most. He’s a handful of years older than her, but his relative
optimism still makes her feel like he’s a sweet, annoying little brother. Frankly, it pulls some
heartstrings, because Jolie has baggage where younger siblings are concerned.



Kraglin, on the other hand, is a remarkably endearing moron, and Jolie kind of adores him,
the same way she adores particularly stupid cats.



Unfortunately, Jolie gathers that Pete has apparently disappeared in his M-Ship without a
word - much to the irritation of the rest of the Yondu clan - and Obfonteri is offsite on orders
from the captain, engaging in some kind of criminal activity or another. So here she is, stuck
with a guy who could’ve picked any name in the galaxy and settled on Taserface.



Each chamber the pirate guides her through is packed with stolen goods, and she keeps her
eyes open in case there’s some incredible artistic masterpiece that has somehow escaped the
haul he’s currently taking her to examine. No luck so far, and Taserface is pulling ahead of
her, trying to impress her by droning on about some recent brawl he’s been in. She zones out
of the conversation, only smiling placidly and nodding vacantly when he glances back at her.



They pass another corridor, this one even more abandoned, and enter yet another chamber.
More goods are stacked all around, a disorganized horde of stolen treasures: casks of
silverwine from Vanaheim, crates of shimmering pearls from Morag, pleasure-bots from
Contraxia. At the far end, she sees what looks like the corner of a cage.



Her eyes narrow, and her head tilts.



That’s unusual.



Normally, bounties are housed in the caged cells lining the main corridors just off the belly of
the ship - not hidden, and not mixed in with the loot. As they draw closer, Jolie can just make
out a shadow shifting inside - something the size of a kid.



Her blood runs cold.
She’d heard Yondu and his crew had already been exiled from the loose coalition of Ravager
clans due to trafficking children, but she’d thought they’d stopped doing that years ago, when
Pete had come on board. Is that why this cage is hidden way out here?



They draw closer, and she catches a glimpse of fur moving behind the rusted bars. Out here
in space, that doesn’t mean anything in particular: it could still be a child. Her stomach
becomes a stone in her gut, and she knows she's not leaving this stupid fucking ship without
knowing what's going on, and making sure everything is okay. She’s got enough units on her
that she can probably afford one or two kids, maybe a few if she needs to - a bribe more than
a purchase, she thinks, and a mean fucking talking-to for Yondu Udonta. But if he's making
some kind of a habit out of this, she’s going to need a lot more resources than she currently
has available to her.



And maybe he’s not. She's trying very hard not to jump to conclusions, because to be honest -
despite his reputation - Yondu really doesn’t seem like the type to continue engaging in this
shit. And she kind of likes him, like the grumpy old uncle she's never had.



Taserface keeps heading straight across the chamber to the other door, boasting and
blathering, but Jolie’s drawn to the cage. Smoothly - never breaking stride - she veers to the
left, and her tour guide doesn't even notice.



The metal box is about three feet tall, sitting on top of a knee-high crate scrawled with the
words “sovereign porn” in Kree - lovely, Jolie thinks drily - and there’s definitely a lifeform
inside. She leans in just a bit, and catches a flash of bright eyes and teeth and - she thinks
that’s a ringed tail, and a mask.



That can’t be right.



Her eyes scan him again, and yeah: the caged creature looks almost like a raccoon from back
home, but he’s standing upright on his hindlegs and…yep, he is most certainly wearing
pants.



The lifeform rears back: teeth bared in a vicious, silent snarl, ears flat against his skull. In this
position, she can see some kind of metal has been embedded in his chest. The fur around it -
and in a few other places - has long since stopped growing due to scarring, and the flesh
around the metal itself looks painfully inflamed. Her heart slams into her sternum and her
stomach drops.



“Oh, love,” she breathes out, unthinking. “What did they do to you?”



The raccoon tilts his head to one side, eyes bright with biting intelligence, and she could
swear he’s practically sneering. He opens his mouth and for all the world, she almost thinks
he’s going to answer her.



Taserface interrupts any miraculous revelations with his too-loud, too-boastful voice,
suddenly behind her, leaning too close. “T’was the High Evolutionary Hisself what cut the
critter up and stitched it back together. Replaced some of its bones with new ones and made it
walk like it’s tryin’ to be a man.”



She straightens and stares up at him, and the asshole chuckles, like it’s funny.



Jolie makes a noise in her throat before she can stop it. “Nope. Don’t like that.”



She turns back, still eyeballing the creature on the other side of the rusty bars. It’s shadowy in
there, but she’d guess he’s maybe three-feet tall with change. And if he is a raccoon - and he
sure does look like one - he’s probably already plotting his escape.



She gnaws on her lower lip. “And where are you all taking him now?”



Taserface looks at her like she’s an idiot. Maybe she is.



“Back t’ HalfWorld an’ the High Evolutionary, a’course.”



Her head snaps around to face him so quickly that something in her neck audibly cracks,
sending a hot flare of pain up the back of her skull. She ignores it. “So they can torture him
some more?”
Taserface shrugs and glowers and spits dismissively. “It'll be two hunnert-thousand units.”



Jolie sucks in a breath through her teeth. That’s more than…well, that’s more than a few
children.



She looks at the rusted bars, and back to her brute of a tour guide, and sighs heavily. Slowly,
she turns back to the cage, swaying toward the bars so she can peer in at eye-level. She’s
immediately face-to-face with the creature. His ears are still pressed flat against his head, fur
bristling, and he’s gazing back, clearly suspicious and probably - justifiably - feeling more
than a little bit mean. She’s suddenly certain that if she got close enough, he’d take out her
eyes.



There’s no helping herself, is there? Goddamn, she’s an idiot. One corner of her mouth twists
up in exhausted resignation and she sighs.



“Welp,” she says solemnly to the raccoon with a polite nod, “fuck me, my dude.”



Swiftly, she stands back up, turning to Taserface and flattening her palms together in front of
her with a soft clap. Her fingers lace together and she presses her knuckles to her lips in half
a prayer. She’s not going to think about the consequences too much. Not till later, anyway.
She’s going to move through these next moments in a flurry, a manufactured whirlwind:
partly so she doesn’t second-guess herself, and partly to keep Taserface from applying too
much critical thinking to anything she’s about to say.



She imagines that second part should be easy.



“It looks like it’s Udonta’s lucky day, because I happen to have two-hundred-and-thirty
thousand units on hand, and I’ve always wanted a raccoon.”



The Ravager blinks. “A raccoon?”
“Terran woodland creature, sometimes-turned urban wildlife. Little geniuses - very curious,
brilliant, inventive, resourceful.” She flicks her eyes to the shadowed insides of the cage. “He
kinda looks like one.” She shrugs one shoulder like it’s no skin off her back either way. “Get
Yondu. Tell him it’s a good deal. An extra thirty-k, and nobody has to waste the fuel to get
out to HalfWorld. Plus, I’ll do today’s assessment without charging.” She pauses, lip curling
in disgust as she glances again at the rusted bars of the cage. “Did he come with any
belongings?”



Taserface hesitates. “…Yes?”



“Still got ‘em?”



“Yes…”



“Bag ‘em up and throw them on my ship, and put a floor in that cage before we go, and I’ll
do the next assessment for free too.”



“A floor?” Taserface repeats.



She gives him her patented, dead-eyed, customer-service smile. “You keep repeating me,”
she says lightly. “Yes, a floor. I know you all have some sheetrock lying around this ship
somewhere. Cut it to fit the bottom and slide it in right here.” She runs one finger along the
outside of the cage’s bottom edge, where there’s a narrow gap between the grid of the floor
and the walls. “No-one’s meant to walk on bars like that. They’re tearing up his feet.”



“What…what do ya even want with the likes a’ a thing like that?”



She flinches and pauses, because she’s been really playing this by ear and she doesn’t want to
say, Probably to let him go, if it seems like he can hack it on a nice planet somewhere. That’s
a recipe for being followed by an M-ship that will just recapture him as soon as he’s out of
her sight. Her eyes flick sideways and she tries to dream up an answer Taserface will accept
without it causing trouble later. “For…eating?”
This seems to make sense to the Ravager, though he’s still doubtful. “Seems like an awful
lotta units for spendin’ on a meal.”



“Well,” she says seriously, “he seems like he’s probably one-of-a-kind. Which I think makes
him…a delicacy. Right?”



Taserface considers this, then nods. “Yeah. Right.” He shifts uncomfortably. “Let me take
you to the haul, and while you be assessin,’ I’ll get yer offer to Yondu.”



She props one hand on her hip and taps her index finger to her chin, looking up at the big
pirate thoughtfully. “Tell Yondu that if he gives me any bullshit, I will be taking the most
expensive pieces in payment for today’s haul, and every haul thereafter,” she says, very
politely, with her most disarming smile. “I want that raccoon waiting for me at the dock next
to the Gemma Lynn when I’m done today, with a comfortable floor in that cage.” She reaches
out and taps the finger on Taserface’s chest now, gentle and light. Her voice is as sweet as she
can make it. “And you all better play nice. If he looks the least bit ruffled when I get out
there, I’m coming for you.”



For a moment, Taserface actually looks nonplussed, almost chastised, even though she’s
maybe a third of his size. “We wouldn’t do nothin’ too mean.”



She smiles her most-charming smile at the Ravager, unfazed. “You forget that I know you
lot,” she says pleasantly. “I’m honestly amazed he hasn’t already been half-drowned in your
chewed-up Sakaaran tobacco and toilet-moonshine.” She turns and strides past him toward
the door he’d been leading her to before he can process the insult. “Let’s go.”



+++



The pieces they’ve got stashed away in cargo hold eleven aren’t bad, but they’re not great
either. The folks who ride in Xandaran luxury liners buy expensive shit, but they don’t
always have the best taste in art. Probably half of the things that are worth anything are just
high-quality forgeries. There are a couple genuine prizes, though, and the Ravagers will still
sell the forgeries as authentic if they can fake out their buyers.
For better or worse, she can’t stop thinking about the ringtailed creature while she’s working.
His eyes had been bright and sharply intelligent. She wouldn’t be surprised if he’d
understood way more of her conversation with Taserface that he’d let on.



What am I doing?



She’s about to have only a thimbleful of units left to her name, and a lifeform who both looks
like he wants to murder her and is probably somewhat dependent on her, at least for a little
while.



Maybe forever.



What do raccoons - or raccoon-like aliens - eat anyway? She’s pretty sure the ones back
home scavenged anything they could get their clever little hands on, but she feels like it was
mostly protein and maybe fruit. Fish, or rodents? Definitely eggs at least - she’s almost
certain, anyway. Are they nocturnal? Can she give him the run of the ship, or will he decide
to make a nest in the electrical system?



Unlikely, she thinks. His eyes, those facial expressions… she can feel in her bones that he’s
smarter than that.



I’m still an idiot.



Not that there had been any other option. What was she gonna do, let them take him back to
the motherfucker who had done this in the first place? Jolie sighs, logging a spiraling glass
statuette into the datapad she’s got half-cradled against her chest. When she lifts her head, she
realizes it’s the last piece in the cargo hold, and that just makes her sigh again.



Taserface hasn’t come back since he’d left to bring her offer to Yondu, and it has to have
been hours. She thinks she can find her way back, though - she hasn’t worked in this
particular cargo hold before, but she’s gotten a fair idea of the layout of the freighter over the
years. She makes a couple false starts before tracing her way back to the hold where the
raccoon had been caged, and notes that he’s been moved.
Good. Now he better just be where she’s expecting him.



She gets back to the dock and thankfully, the lifeform is there, still in his rusted cage. Yondu
is waiting with Taserface, Tullk, and a Ravager she’s met once before called Phaedor. There’s
a lumpy, stained cloth sack sitting on top - she guesses it has whatever non-valuables the
creature had on him when he’d been unlucky enough to be captured. In spite of their deal, she
doesn’t expect the Ravagers to give up anything they think is worth units.



Before she even acknowledges Yondu, she crouches down to inspect the cage and its resident.
Sure enough, a smooth layer of sheetrock has been slid between the bars to serve as flooring.
The lifeform is watching her, his eyes narrow and his ears laid back, the corner of his mouth
twitching like he’s ready to snarl at the drop of a hat. She tilts her head. It doesn’t look like
the Ravagers have messed with him, though - there don’t appear to be any recent wounds,
and he’s not looking any more furious than he already did when she’d found him.



The raccoon isn’t putting his back to her - what frightened and angry creature would? - but
she suspects there’s more scarring there too. She feels her mouth tighten, and she closes her
eyes for just a second before rolling her shoulders and neck, and resettling herself.



She stands, turns back to the giant blue Ravager captain behind her, and hands him the
datapad. “All your info has been entered. It’s not a great haul, but you have a few good items
in there, and some surprisingly-passable forgeries.” Then she pulls out her own, smaller pad,
taps a few buttons, and watches her account dwindle to the galactic equivalent of pennies.
The datapad in Yondu's hand chimes to signify that the units have been transferred.



Yondu doesn't even check the amount - instead, he just shakes his head. “Can’t believe you
spent this much, kid. What was that, your whole life savings?”



She grins and winks up at him. Yondu’s not entirely a bad sort, and while she does not
approve of what almost happened here, she’s relieved he still seems to be staying on the
straight-and-narrow. At least by Ravager standards, anyway.



“A girl’s gotta eat,” she says cheekily, and Taserface nods sagely in her periphery, still
apparently believing that she’s made this purchase for snacking purposes.
Yondu’s not that kind of idiot, though, and he rolls his eyes. “I can tell you ain’t gonna eat it,
kid. But don’t you go tryin’ to keep it as a pet neither. It’s a mean sonuvabitch and you’d
have better luck with a flerken. Which,” he adds, “I can get you, f’you want.”



“I’m good for now,” Jolie returns, chuckling. “Might take you up on that later.”



“Well, the rat’s yours now,” Yondu says with a shrug, and gestures to the little tag that’s been
tied with a string to the corner of the cage. She realizes it’s an item-and-destination label.
“It’s called 89P13.”



She swears the raccoon suddenly looks like it’s bristling in outrage, but she just smiles
placidly at Yondu. “Thanks, I hate it.”



The Centaurian gestures to Taserface and Phaedor - the latter of which seems nowhere near
as obnoxious as the former - and they begin lifting the cage between them, carrying it and its
ringtailed prisoner toward the cargo bay.



“What the fuck, my good sirs,” she calls out, interrupting them with a benevolent sunshine-
smile and a flickering wave of her fingers. “He is not a crate of holovids. Please do not put
him in the cargo hold.”



“But, Miss - “



“His cage can fit in the cockpit next to me, and that’s where I’d like him for now.”



Yondu clucks his tongue. “Girl, you do not know what you’re gettin’ into,” he warns.



“You could tell me,” she teases. Yeah, Yondu’s not a completely rotten sort.
“I would,” he says, “but then you’d probably want your two-hundred-thirty-thousand units
back.”



She sniffs primly. “Doubtful. He’s cute.” Never mind he’s probably going to scratch my
throat out once we get out of here.



The Ravager captain glowers down at her warningly. “Don’t forget what I said, girl. That
thing is pure trouble and you shouldn’t take it lightly. You let it out of its cage and it’ll like as
not kill you where you stand.”



Well, that’s unnervingly close to her own prediction.



She brushes the Ravager captain off with an “okay, dad ” and an eyeroll, and then pops up on
her tiptoes to press a kiss to his cheek.



“Take care and be good, Udonta. Stay out of trouble. Next assessment’s on me.”



She turns and strides toward the Gemma Lynn, and Yondu calls out to her back, “You know,
for thirty-thousand extra units, we woulda just put the floor in for free. You definitely
overpaid!”



She spins with an impish grin and walks backward into her ship. “I just wanted to be sure I’d
get him!” she sings back, laughter in her voice.



++++



Rocket needs a frickin’ shirt. A full jumpsuit made from armored fiber and plenty of pockets,
if things were ideal - but for now, he’d settle for a shirt.



The cockpit is small, but there’s still room for the humie to squeeze around this rustbucket of
a cage and slide into the pilot’s chair. Rocket isn’t sure why she wanted him up here with her,
but it’s fine by him.



All the easier to break out and seize control of his new ship, as far as he’s concerned.



Hell if he knows why she spent all those units anyway. It had nearly made his jaw drop when
she’d volunteered it, and a cursory glance was all it took to tell him she wouldn’t have the
stomach to actually eat him.



But she might want to make him her pet. Or she might be some gross collector-type. The
thought makes him seethe, makes his skin crawl. He hates her already.



That said, it’ll still be easier to get rid of her than to escape the Eclector.



Or the High Evolutionary.



Plus, once he does, this pretty ship will be waiting for him.



Rocket can only see so much from his place on the floor, but it’s enough. He just needs to
figure out the best time to make his move, and then he’ll be out of this box. And by that time,
he’ll have been able to get a feel for what he’ll be flying. She’d called it the Gemma Lynn,
but he’ll have to rename it. He doesn’t know what he’d rename it to, but he’s sure it’ll come
to him once he gets the flight controls in his hands.



He hasn’t decided whether or not the broad is gonna need to die, or just be violently
incapacitated. Honestly, it’s probably gonna depend on how his escape unfolds, how much of
an enemy she proves to be, and also his general mood and disposition in the moment. He’s
watching her from the corner of his eye and he sees her hand drift toward the edge of the
cage, and he reminds himself that now is probably not the best time to bite her.



But she just plucks that little tag hanging from the corner of his cage, turning it over and
skimming it with her eyes. He already knows what it says. He’s ripped off dozens of them in
the days since his capture.
ITEM: SUBJ 89P13

DELIVER: HI EV / HALFWORLD - COUNTEREARTH / K20H MW1748P2S + 5M5P0Z4

FEE: 200000 UNITS



She smiles at him and pleasantly says, “We’ll burn that later” - like she’s talking about the
weather. Then she snaps the string and stuffs the tag in a side pocket on her leggings. “Now
let’s get you the hell outta here.”



When she powers up the flight engines, a cacophony blares out of the speakers and he slaps
his paws over his ears, biting back a string of curses. Her fingers fly out and she skims down
the volume on the control panel, casting him a sheepish grin. “Sorry about that.”



And then they’re undocking.



He studies her through narrowed eyes while she maneuvers the ship. Best to gather as much
info as he can. She’s new, and she’s proven a little unpredictable so far. He hates pretending
to be some kind of stupid animal, and he’s going to make her pay for treating him like one -
but he does like the advantages that come with being constantly underestimated.



He’d almost blown it when he’d first seen her. Oh, love. What did they do to you? she’d
murmured. As if he’d asked to have his disgusting body out in the open for her to gape at.



He really needs a shirt.



He still doesn’t know what insults he’d been about to hurl at her, but he's sure it would’ve
been the vilest shit he could’ve dreamed up. Weirdly enough, he’d been saved from putting
his own foot in his mouth by frickin’ Taserface . Rocket would’ve been surprised that the
jackass hadn’t spilled the beans anyway - all the Ravagers on the Eclector have learned by
now that Rocket has a cruel streak a mile wide and the mouth to go with it, which is how
he’d ended up moved to the cargo hold in the first place - but then, the big idiot had been so
busy panting after this baldbody broad that it had probably never occurred to him to mention
that their prisoner could talk.
This was better. This was so much better. Days earlier, he’d figured out what he’d needed to
get his hands on to rig the roof of the cage so he could open it from the inside - but he’d still
needed to figure out a way to get through the whole freighter, find his stuff, steal an M-ship,
and then outrun or murder any pursuing Ravagers.



Now, there’s just one small Terran between him and the forever sky. The Gemma Lynn is
basically already his - the girl just doesn’t know it.



He turns his eyes from the yoke, throttle, thrusters, and the beaded lights of the control panel
that he’s been staring at longingly, and refocuses on his current captor. She’s tapping her
fingers on the yoke in time with the music, but she looks tense. She’s got some kind of loose,
long-sleeved Terran tunic on, and it’s clearly too big for her - she’s swimming in it, and it
keeps sliding off one shoulder. There’s a swirl of clouds and five-pointed stars printed on the
dark fabric, and curly text that reads yeet me into the abyss.



Whatever that means.



She looks soft. Stupid. She’s probably not wearing a single piece of armor, and that clothing
can hardly be considered protection. It re-establishes his earlier suspicion: she is, in fact, a
moron - an utter idiot, to have walked so deep into the belly of a Ravager ship without
anything sturdier than a short pair of soft-soled black boots.



And - she’s got too much head-hair. It’s long and satin-looking, and streaming down her back
and over her shoulders in a hundred shiny rivulets.



That’s gonna get sucked right into a turbine, he thinks cynically. If she even lasts that long.
Because he’s currently calculating how best to grab it when he’s stealing her ship - just wind
it around a paw, and it’ll be easy to bare or break her neck, or hold her hostage with a gun
barrel pressed to the soft underside of her jaw.



At least the music's kinda nice.
She’s casting sideways glances down at him as they course through the stars. The further they
get from the Eclector , the more relaxed she seems to become. They hit one jump, then a few
more. She’s only a decent pilot, he notices with no small amount of scorn - of course she ain’t
as good as me - but at least he’s not worried they’re going to careen into another ship in the
jump-points. Which, if he’s being honest, is a real danger.



Eventually she eases up and coasts, then drifts the Gemma Lynn into what appears to be the
relatively still waters of an empty system. The flight engines power down.



She looks sideways at him. “Food?”



He says nothing.



“Any chance you want to tell me what you like to eat?”



Nope. The Ravagers had given him some kind of frickin’ pellets that he suspected were
intended for livestock. If she gives him pellets, he’s gonna make sure to shove them down her
throat before he jettisons her later.



She hums a little - just a random, thoughtful sort of sound, like the powering up of a
computer processor or Nova machine gun - and slides out of the pilot’s seat. She wiggles past
his cage and walks off the bridge, in the direction of the kitchenette he'd glimpsed when
Taserface and Phaedor had brought him in. It takes just a little longer than he might have
expected, but then she’s back, two plates in hand.



His mouth waters.



The first plate is piled high with rehydrated eggs, fluffy and yellow. Some kind of cold,
smoked fish, and a few strips of grilled orloni that she must have warmed up on a hotplate.
The other is a rehydrator plate - which he’s pretty sure isn’t normally used for eating off - but
it’s full of fruit: transparent, jewel-like berries he knows from a brief stop on Indigarr, some
kind of blushing green stonefruit, and wedges of Xandaran frostmelon. Based on the plate,
he’s guessing it’s all rehydrated rather than fresh - but each piece is practically glowing with
sugary juice.
He swears, if she gives him pellets after taunting him like this…



She sits down on the floor, cross-legged and just a little off-center, and sets both plates next
to the cage, where he can reach them if he wants. She’s watching him, one side of her mouth
screwed up in a little grimace.



“I’m pretty sure you’re a lot smarter than you’re telling me,” she says after a minute.



That takes him back a little. For a split-second, he entertains the idea of abruptly pressing one
paw to his chest, gasping dramatically, and spitting, Who, me? back at her with a probably-
reckless amount of disdain.



“Do you want me to take you somewhere?” she asks. “Do you have a home? Is there
somewhere you want to go? Because we can just go. Whenever and wherever you want.”



He has no idea what to make of that.



Her frown deepens, and her brow furrows, and then she’s reaching out toward the cage. For a
moment, he’s shocked to see that she’s clutching the metal key-plate that’ll open the door to
this rustbucket. The plate hovers over the scanner and Rocket flickers somewhere between
baffled and gleeful, because this will be so much easier if she just expects him to be out and
about -



“Promise not to bite my face off,” she mutters under her breath, and clicks the plate against
the reader without waiting for any kind of reaction.



The door clinks softly. There’s a little burst of air from the release of the lock.



Then it swings open an inch, loose on the hinges.
++++



Before they’d even undocked from the Eclector, Jolie had already decided that she is not
keeping this guy in this fucking cage. Even if he isn’t as smart as she suspects, it’s no way for
anything to have to live. When she sits down on the floor with the dishes full of protein and
fruit, she situates herself and the food to one side of the door, so that she can open his cage
without anything or anyone being in his way.



If he wants to stay inside and eat through the bars, there’s nothing stopping him.



If he wants to come out and shred her jugular, well, there’s nothing stopping that either.



The raccoon watches the door swing open, then looks over at her with shrewd, gleaming
eyes. She nods once.



“Yes, I do realize I’m being extremely stupid.”



He steps out cautiously - first one clawed foot, and then the other. She realizes that he’s
barely had room to stand in there: once he’s out in the open air, he straightens up further,
shoulders rolling back as he stretches his spine.



Her eyes drop to the cruel metal skeleton half-visible beneath the skin and fur of his chest.
The scars look like sloppy incisions carelessly re-sewn, but they also look like burns in some
places: twisted-up, gnarled, angry.



There is no way they don’t hurt.



When she looks back up, he’s eyeing her balefully.



“Sorry,” she murmurs apologetically. “That was fuckin’ rude.” She hesitates. She wants to
say, Fuck whoever did that to you, or maybe, It looks like there might be some infection; can I
get you some ointment? but she’s pretty sure that’ll be the tipping point and she’ll end up a
carcass. Instead, she reaches out one finger and nudges the plate full of eggs and meat. “You
want to eat here or up at the table?”



His eyes flash to hers and then to the countertop-bar just beyond the bridge, and yeah, there’s
no way he doesn’t at least understand what she’s saying.



He’s not moving though - faking ignorance, and doing it badly - and they’re at a stalemate.
Finally, she sighs and picks up both plates. “C’mon,” she says, walking over to the little
dining nook and plopping them in front of one barstool. He hops up so quickly, with so much
agility, she almost doesn’t register the movement. He’s just…on the floor, and then he’s not.



“What do you want to drink?” she asks after a moment. “I’ve got water, Xandaran coffee,
curlflower tea, sourberry juice…” She trails off as he glares at her witheringly. “Sorry? I’ve
got…some cheap Contraxian greenwine?”



He looks slightly mollified and she can’t help it, she’s snorting on a laugh under her breath.



“Cool, so I’ve brought home a sommelier.” She flicks a teasing smile at him as she pulls a
bottle out of the compact-chiller, then tilts her head at him consideringly. “Glass? Or bowl?”



His brow flattens into the most dead-eyed expression she’s ever seen, like he’s had just about
enough of her shit, and he gestures for the bottle. She surrenders it easily, both palms raised
in submission. She can feel her smile going soft.



Oh, he is fucking funny. The amount of disdain and sarcasm he can put into a glance is
fucking relatable, and sure - maybe she’s a bit predisposed to liking him on account of
finding him all alone in a cargo hold, but she can also tell already that he is deeply likable in
his own right, independent from her bullshit.



She pulls out a couple forks and a couple knives, setting them on the counter where he can
reach them if he wants. His eyes flicker toward them, and she can see him lingering on the
blades, but she just rolls her neck and shoulders out and takes one of the forks for herself.
Then she reaches out, stabs a clump of egg off his plate, and pops it into her mouth.
His face snaps up to hers, and he cannot hide the look of sheer shock and outrage on his face.
It’s probably very, very foolish to be teasing a three-foot, angry-eyed lifeform with sharp
nails and teeth who already looks like he wants to murder her, but she absolutely cannot help
herself at this point. She grins and winks at him, turning away and tossing her fork in the
sonic sink.



“Eat up,” she tells him. “Then you’re going to help me figure out where we’re going next. Oh
- and I think the bag they threw on the copilot’s seat has your stuff in it,” she adds.



She ducks back onto the bridge while he eats, pulling up a few different sections of the
galaxy on the screens. If he uses the silverware, she doesn’t know. She’s surprised to hear the
clinking of dishes being tossed in the sink, though, and she wonders how long they’re going
to play this game, where he pretends not to be intelligent and she pretends not to notice he’s
hiding it. When he joins her on the bridge, he’s polishing off the bottle of greenwine and
wiping his mouth with one forearm.



She tsks. “Didn’t even save any booze for me.” She flicks a little sideways smile at him.
“Retribution for the eggs?”



He glowers and reaches for the sack of stuff on the copilot’s chair. He rifles through and she
averts her eyes when he pulls out a jumpsuit. When he comes back into her peripherals, he’s
wearing a creased shirt he must’ve also had stuffed in there. She sees him slide something
shiny and square into one of his pockets, but if there was anything else he’d had before -
firearms or tech - she’s pretty sure they’re long gone now.



He watches her for a minute and she pretends not to notice, letting him take as long as he
wants to assess her. She does, however, slide to one side so he can join her at the screens
when he’s ready. He sidles up beside her warily, slanting her a suspicious glance from the
corner of his eye.



Finally, his gaze turns up to the series of maps, and then narrow. She waits as he plants one
paw on the pilot’s seat and launches himself up so he can sort through the screens himself. It
takes a few moments, but then he's tapping a tiny, remote planet that she knows very well
indeed. Its infographic and coordinates expand on the screen at his touch: Conjunction.
“That’s a choice,” she murmurs, glancing down at him and then gazing thoughtfully at the
screen. She taps into an additional layer, and a number of jobs come up in the area - nothing
really lucrative, but enough that she can keep her new copilot in fish and eggs for a while,
and cover any low-grade maintenance that needs doing on the Gemma Lynn. “What are you
trying to do out there, friend?”



She doesn’t expect an answer, so she’s not disappointed. Conjunction is far in terms of
physical distance, but the jump points line up in such a way that it’ll take less time to get
there than it would to travel to many of the more neighboring locations. With that cushion of
timing - and the fact that they need units to keep the ship running - she puts in bids for a
couple shorter jobs on the way and a larger project while she’s there.



“Two and a half days,” she tells him. “We could go quicker but we’ll be tight on fuel and
food without these gigs.” She lets her fingers float over the two mid-way stops she’s bid on.
She knows she’ll get them, because she’s pretty much the best at what she does. And the one
on Conjunction - well, that’s a job already as good as secured, even if it’s not lucrative.



“All right,” she says then, stretching her arms up over her head. Her shoulders and spine pop
and click, and she rolls her neck again. “Want a tour?”



He hits her with that flat, deadpan expression again, and she’s once more lifting her hands in
surrender, trying to hide a grin and failing. “Okay, okay.” She shrugs a shoulder, dropping her
hands. “I’m going to go shower. There are three open bunks - feel free to take your pick of
them. The run of the ship is yours, and we’ll start making our way to Conjunction tomorrow.”
She nudges the cage on the floor with a disdainful boot. “We’ll get rid of that bullshit on the
way.”



She starts to turn, and stops, eyes flicking back to him. “What do you want me to call you?”



He’s still staring at the screens, ignoring her.



Her shoulders melt a little. “Okay,” she says softly, and quirks a quiet, private little half-smile
at the side of his head. One ear swivels toward her. “My name’s Jolie.”
Nothing.



She feels her heart go soft, and her expression with it. “Get some rest at least. And please
don’t murder me in my sleep.”



She turns and pads away out of the cockpit.



++++



What a frickin’ moron.



As soon as she’s left - he listens to her make her way down to the mid level, and the sonic
shower pulls enough energy that he can hear it hum throughout the ship - he uses the screens
to pull up his own resources. Those idiot Ravagers hadn’t touched the units he had squirreled
away and stored digitally, and while he doesn’t have much, he’s betting it’s more than the
broad has right now.



He places a few orders to await him on Conjunction. First, a couple damn shirts and
jumpsuits, woven through with fiber-armor. The way she’d gawked at him when he’d
climbed out of that frickin’ cage -



Another pair of pants, and two protective vests. The frickin’ Ravagers had taken all his
firearms, his bombs, his tech. At least they’d given him back a change of clothes and the
patchwork key-plate from CounterEarth, though.



He would’ve gone back for the key-plate.



He searches to make sure some of his preferred black market firearms dealers are still
running around planetside on Conjunction. He won’t make any purchases without seeing the
goods, but it can be helpful to put some feelers out. He opens the Gemma Lynn’s call scanner
and adds a bit of code, creating a hidden tab that taps into a few different bounty networks, so
he can pick up jobs as needed once he’s armed. He scans for tech dealers next - plenty of
those on Conjunction. He needs a couple tricked-out datapads, some combat goggles, any
new gadgets that might catch his eye, and plenty of scrap to work with.



Anything else Rocket needs or wants, he can just steal.



And then, once he has a basic frickin’ survival stash, it’ll be time to go find Groot. With their
own ship, they won’t have to rely on buying passage or stowing away. Together, they can get
back to bounty hunting, to traveling the sky.



The sonic shower turns off, and once he’s sure the broad is in her bunk, he sets out exploring
his new ship. He learns where every stabby, pointy thing in the kitchenette is. He memorizes
the layout of the common areas and the holds. He finds the mechanical room and utility
closets and her pathetic collection of tools and supplies - need to get new sets of those, too, he
notes - and he sets about dismantling that damn cage so he can use it for parts. It’s too rusted
to be good for much, but it’ll make decent shrapnel for a few bombs.



What are you trying to do out there, friend?



Friend. What makes her think she has the right? There’s only three people in the world
who’ve called him “friend” like it’s his name, and they’re all dead.



It’s better than love though. That comment had made him want to put his teeth through her
throat.



He digs around, looking for things he can break open or tinker with. In the kitchenette, he
finds an old rehydrator and a half-burnt hot plate that she’s clearly replaced, but which work
well enough that she’s kept them for spares. She probably won’t notice their absence in the
morning, so now they’re his. He scrapes up a few other mechanical items that he’s pretty sure
she meant to discard or has forgotten about, as well as some superfluous bolts, bits, and
washers he lifts from various locations on the ship where he knows they’re unnecessary.
Between the broken-down cage and these few scavenged items, he’s pretty sure he can at
least keep himself from being bored until they get planetside.
He heads down to midlevel with an armload of his modest stash, debating between setting up
shop in the mechanical room or whichever bunk he ends up choosing. Probably best if it’s the
latter, he decides, and peers into each open door he finds along the way. Only one is closed,
and he assumes that’s where she’s sleeping.



Sure enough, there are three bunks that are empty. They’re tight, like he’d expect, with only a
few feet to walk in - but there’s a lot crammed into the tiny cubes of space. One has a fairly
large shelf-bed built solidly into the walls, and two have smaller beds that hinge so they can
be pushed up and out of the way when not in use. He doesn’t care much about the size of the
bed, but the bigger one also comes with a surprisingly expansive desk built into an adjoining
wall. Between the desk and the honeycomb of shelves and drawers on the third wall, it ends
up being the bunk he picks. He tucks away some of his stolen goods into the drawers and
slides the dismantled cage bars underneath the desk. A second trip secures the rest of his
scavenged stash, and then he’s standing in the middle of his new den, stretching and twisting
to pop his back and roll out his muscles. He rubs irritably at his neck and one shoulder, where
he can feel the screws and pins and tendons ache.



It’s nice to be outta that frickin’ cage.



He heads to the showers, and notices she’s left out a couple extra hand- towels and some
powdered soap and dry shampoo. He hesitates. Was this a mistake or some kind of
meaningless courtesy? Either way, it doesn’t matter; he takes them, and steps into one stall.
In seconds, his fur is being buffeted by warm, highly-pressurized sound waves, dislodging
the layer of grime that built up during his captivity. He dials up the pressure and heat, until
the stream of compressed sound is massaging his burning, twisted-up muscles and scarred
skin.



He relaxes a little. That feels good. He wishes the Gemma Lynn had water-showers, but those
are pretty rare in space, so he’ll just have to rig up a more expansive water filtration system
and set up a shower pod once the ship is fully in his possession.



He leans his head against the wall while the hum of the shower pulses over him, and turns
that annoying little obstacle over in his head a few times. His mouth twitches consideringly.
He doesn’t care one way or another about bloodshed, but the cleanest thing to do would be to
stun her, bag her, and roll her out of the docking bay on Conjunction.
Well, the cleanest thing to do would be to jettison her, but he’ll wait and see how annoying
she gets before he goes that far. He might not care much about bloodshed, but he doesn’t love
the idea of killing innocent people either. Either way, stunning her will be entertaining.



His mind suddenly flashes to the memory of her, shiny hair like a banner he could grab and
eyes sparkling into crescent moons as she snatched a piece of his food right off his frickin’
plate, and ate it. Then she’d winked, laughing right in his damn face.



“Unbelievable,” he mutters to the shower floor, where one clawed foot taps out his agitation.
The audacity. “Nobody’s got no respect.”



Yeah, stunning her would be entertaining as hell. He bets he can rig something out of the hot
plate wiring that he can use to make it happen. He isn’t trying to babysit the broad, though, so
he’ll wait till they’re actually on Conjunction. If he can make himself wait till they get
planetside, he can just toss her off the ship before he leaves. It’s kinda funny to imagine this
spoiled little princess waking up and trying to fend for herself out there, and he’s satisfied
enough by the fantasy that he can feel his mouth curling into a mean little smile.



“Teach you to laugh at me,” he growls under his breath, letting the hum of the shower
dissolve his words before they echo through the chamber.



If he does it right, she might even be conscious enough to know it’s him, and that has the
potential to be even more enjoyable. He snickers, and turns off the shower, sloughing away
any remaining shampoo residue with the hand towels she’s left behind. Then he uses the
sonic sink and some leftover soap to clean his pants as well as he can. He’ll wear the other
jumpsuit for a couple days, but he’ll definitely need the new pants he’s ordered - he’s been
stuck in these for so long, he’s not sure he’s ever gonna get the rankness out of ‘em.



He’s already snatched a long, serrated knife he doesn’t think will be missed from the
kitchenette, and now he slides it into the hidden loops inside one leg of the jumpsuit. He
suspects she may not have more than a single firearm on board - if that. But his search isn’t
over yet.



Thank fuck we’re headed to Conjunction, he thinks.
He steps out into the corridor. At some point during his shower, the Gemma Lynn had
automatically switched over to the sleep rotation, and the corridor lights have dimmed down
to half-power. Ultimately better for him, he thinks, and heads to the closed door of her bunk.



He sniffs at the entrance, pauses, and twitches his ears forward, straining to hear. All he can
register is steady, even breathing. He taps the panel. If she’s locked it, he’s sure he can break
in pretty easily - but of course she hasn’t. He snorts softly as the door slides open, and the
dim light of the corridor paints a pale rectangle on the floor.



She’s a sloping tangle of limbs under the quilt on the shelf-bed. Her stupid satin hair glows in
the half-light, spilling around her and off the side of the thin mattress in a mass of shiny
ribbons. He can’t see anything of her skin except for one hand, palm-up, fingers curved to the
sky. Her breathing doesn’t hitch at all.



Idiot, he sneers.



Silently, he pads in, eyes everywhere. The door slides shut soundlessly behind him. The walls
are papered with curling, crisping rectangles. He peers at a few and he can tell they’re pencil
sketches and pictures of things - landscapes, portraits, a sweeping nebula in a beautiful and
forever sky - but even with his sharp night-vision, it’s a little dark to pick out details.



The dresser is neatly stacked with more papers, pencils, and various tubes. A series of vices
are clamped to the edge of the desk; sheafs of burlap and softly-crinkling paper, string. A few
glimmering but - he suspects - ultimately worthless chunks of crystal perch in one corner. A
couple powdered-down plasma orbs. He lifts a few of the little metal tubes, one at a time, and
sniffs them: paint, and some kind of rubbery glue.



He can use some of these. He pockets a tiny metal tube of adhesive, and one of Indigarran
pigment, which he happens to know is highly combustible. He unclamps two of the vices
with deft fingers, pocketing them soundlessly.



Slowly, quietly, he slides open the drawers. More of the same: a couple texts which might go
for a decent amount - there’s a Shi’ar scroll that looks like it could be worth something, and a
paper book in some kind of Terran language. Paper books are rare in most of the galaxy and
something of a novelty, but still, there’s nothing particularly exciting here.
He continues to explore the perimeter of the room, crouching to investigate under the high
shelf of her bed. There’s a smallish wooden crate full of projectors and datapads, another
even smaller box of unrecognizable and probably-worthless trinkets, and a couple dark
canvas pouches attached to a wide belt, with smaller buckling straps that dangle down. He
assumes they’re worn like thigh holsters. When he rifles carefully through one, he finds a few
additional, narrow clamp-vices, more tubes of pigment and glue, and jars of metallic powder.
Inside the other, he finds a series of magnifying glasses and slender brushes, a variety of
metal files, some kind of tool he doesn’t recognize - that’s a first, he thinks, and pockets it -
and the skinniest solder-gun he’s ever seen.



Surprisingly useful, he admits silently, and takes that too.



Then he glances upward and sees a tiny armory of weapons magnet-clasped to the underside
of the bed. He holds back a chuckle of surprised delight. It’s significantly less than what he
might have hoped for, but a lot more than he’d expected. There’s a quad blaster, a selection of
small daggers, a laser pistol, and a smallish electric-bola cannon that he immediately plans to
use on her when it’s time to get rid of her.



She shifts above him and he stills for a moment. She murmurs something, and he sees the
curtain of her hair ripple where it hangs over the edge of the bed. A moment later, the slim
hand he’d seen cradled on her pillow now droops over the shelf of the bed. Her fingers are
still curled delicately, and there’s something about the slender bones in her wrist that just
make him mad.



He thinks of his own mangled paws and wants to bite her. Hard.



His lip peels back in a silent snarl. He waits a beat, then rolls his eyes when she doesn’t stir
again.



He slides soundlessly out from under the shelf-bed. There’s a little table between the head of
the bed and the door, and it’s the only thing he hasn’t checked out yet. A powered-down
plasma lantern perches on it, and he sees a black glass rectangle that he’s sure is full of some
kind of interesting tech he could enjoy breaking into, as well as a tissue-thin scrap of black
cloth. He picks up the silky piece of fabric, and realizes it’s a three-fingered glove. The ends
of the thumb, middle, and forefinger are a little heavier than they should be, weighted down
  by some fine, delicate sensors woven into the material. He’s seen this kind of glove with
  certain screen and projection programs, but he hasn’t had the chance to play with one. He’s
  sure he’d be able to think of something interesting to do with the tiny sensors inside.



  Unfortunately, he suspects that all the tech on her little table - easily the most interesting stuff
  in the ship so far - will be noticed if it goes missing. And he isn’t sure whether she actually
  arms herself every day and will recognize if he steals from her meager armory, or if she’s
  enough of a dumbass that it all just stays under her bed. He’ll find a way to check tomorrow.



  At least now he has a better idea of what he’s dealing with.



  He moves to the door and ducks out as soon as it slides open, making a circuit through the
  other bunks as he heads toward his own. On his way, he snags a number of unused pillows
  and almost every blanket he can find, then chucks them onto the mattress when he gets back
  to his quarters. He remakes the bed to his preferred design - comfortable and soft, like a den
  or a nest. Then he’s finding a suitable length of sheet for his second perch and launching
  himself from floor to desktop to the metal beams interlacing through the ceiling, and he
  begins rigging up a hammock from the sheet.



  He does like a good bed - but tonight, he wants to be high up, with plenty of room. He eases
  himself into the hammock, and stretches out, letting his tail drape over the side: more relaxed
  than he’s been in cycles.



  Yeah. It’s good to be outta that cage, and on his very own ship.




Chapter End Notes



    The first few chapters are always the most difficult for me to write, and this one is
    particularly clunky. I hope you enjoyed it anyway!
Coming Soon: Chapter II. Monster For a Pet.
in which one hero wrestles with his inner Groot, and the other is quite possibly a moron.
                                   Chapter 2: Monster For A Pet.
Chapter Summary



      in which one hero wrestles with his inner Groot, and the other is quite possibly a moron.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes




   Jolie makes coffee in the morning, and rehydrates some egg, which she scrambles with
   powdered milk and a splash of water. There are some spices and dried vegetables she picked
   up in Indigarr on her last trip there, re-illuminating one of their holy texts, and it’s good as
   hell in some rehydrated egg.



   She makes a huge plate of them, then hesitates and checks the food storage locker again.
   Eggs only for this morning, she decides reluctantly. There’s plenty of dried orloni and a
   whole box of egg-mix, but only enough other proteins to get them to Conjunction before
   running out. She suspects her new copilot was half-starved when she fed him yesterday, but if
   he eats like that for much longer, she’ll have to forgo more than a few meals to make the
   protein last.



   There is plenty of fruit to rehydrate though, so she scrubs down the rehydrator plate in the
   sink and then piles it with a medley of stonefruit and pomes, along with some kind of
   aggregate berry that is surprisingly sour. They rotate for a minute in the rehydrator and when
   they’re done, she removes the whole interior plate. A rehydrator plate isn’t meant for eating
   off, the same way that the spinning platter in a microwave back home isn’t meant for dining.
   Unfortunately, Jolie has been solo for a long time, and she’s only needed one plate and a
   couple rounds of silverware - so the rehydrator plate is pulling double-duty right now.



   Desperate times call for desperate measures. Or something.



   It’s a good chunk of time before her new copilot shuffles out into the dining nook. When he
   does, he’s scrubbing his eyes with his forearm, slumping at the bar. Not a morning person,
she notes to herself. She’s already set the two forks on the bartop, so she leans over and grabs
one.



“I hate to tell you this,” she says with mock-regret, “but we’re on limited dishware here,
darling, and I’m not willing to skip two meals in a row. So you’re gonna have to share this
plate with me.”



Something flickers in his eyes but she studiously ignores it, leaning her elbows onto the
countertop to stab a forkful of egg. He hops up onto the barstool, takes the other fork, and
digs in, but she’s pretty sure he’s glowering at her the whole time.



“Coffee or tea?” she offers between bites. “I have one more bottle of greenwine and you’re
welcome to it, but then we’ll be out till Conjunction.”



He doesn’t react at all, just eating and glaring, and she shrugs before plucking up a wedge of
one of the reddish-pink pomes. It snaps in her mouth, sweet and crisp, and she decides to
leave the rest of the eggs to him. He put away a lot of food yesterday, and she’s not sure how
hungry he’ll be today, but she wants to make sure he doesn’t starve. She has no idea what sort
of metabolism he’s working with, and she knows he’s not going to communicate anything he
might actually need to her.



She cleans her mixing bowl in the sonic sink while he finishes the eggs, and she hides a smile
when she turns to take the plate and he’s already handing it to her. Once the dishware and the
rehydrator plate are washed, she seals up the sink and presses the button to heat-sterilize any
remaining contaminants.



And then they’re ready to go.



She’s already noticed that the cage is gone - where he put it, she has no idea. There isn’t even
the ghost of rust on the floor to indicate it was ever in the cockpit. In its absence, she slides
easily into the pilot’s chair and gestures him into the seat next to her. She scans through the
limited selection of music - she only has about twenty-five recordings, though some are
inhumanely long. Music isn’t incredibly easy to access out here - some species have no
interest in it, some just haven’t invested in it, and some find the singularity of live
performances to be a holy and sacrosanct thing. Regardless, finding a new song recording in
the galaxy is way more difficult than she would’ve thought.
The selection she has is, at turns, beautiful, or intriguing, or energizing - but to be honest,
nothing really slaps like the old earth-tunes. She has a few clones of some of Pete’s music,
but it’s not the same as being able to pull up a list of hundreds or even thousands of songs and
listen to whatever takes her mood.



And she misses lyrics.



Nevertheless, it’s better than nothing, so she programs a temporary playlist for the ride.



Flicking on the flight engines, checking her readouts, she says distractedly, “All our bids
were accepted, so we’ll be docking at the Dead Morrigan today and taking a break to sleep
later on an empty moon in the Splinter. Tomorrow we’ll meet up with the Faraday in the
morning, and overnight in an abandoned pocket in the Achaemenid system. Onward to
Conjunction the next day to refuel and get whatever you need. Sound good?”



She doesn’t expect a response and of course, she doesn’t receive one. Once everything is set
on the console, she pauses, rests her wrists across each other on the yoke, and tilts her head
so she can look at her new friend where he sits in the copilot’s chair.



“You don’t happen to fly, too, do you?” she asks on a whim, almost wistful. He seems pretty
at ease in a cockpit, sharp eyes taking everything in, and she imagines that if he hasn’t
already piloted craft in the past, he’s actively learning as she speaks.



Of course he says nothing, looking out into the sky ahead of them, but she can see the corner
of his lip curve in a barely-restrained sneer.



That expression is too complicated to interpret in the context of her question. She chews her
lip, then shrugs and rests one palm on the thruster. “All right, friend. Just let me know if you
want me to turn over the controls.”



They move smoothly from a float into forward flight, and soon the stars and satellites are
zipping by in the distance as they head to the first jump.
She watches him from the corner of her eye. As the hours pass, he relaxes into the chair, and
she’s even more certain that he’s at home behind a flight control panel. When she maneuvers
the Gemma Lynn, his hands twitch, and when they finally get to the first jump, he readies
himself before she even warns him.



 It takes about half a day to get to their destination. The Dead Morrigan is a bit smaller than
she’d expected, though it still dwarfs the Gemma Lynn. Once they’re docked, she stands and
stretches.



“You staying here, or coming with me?” she asks as she makes her way across the ship from
the cockpit to the bay. Sweeping through the common area, she grabs the canvas supply bags
she’d brought from her room earlier in the morning and begins buckling them around her
waist and each thigh. She glances at him where he’s followed her. “It’ll probably be pretty
boring either way,” she says sympathetically.



He seems to consider her words, but doesn’t respond.



“Okay,” she nods. “I should be back and ready to leave in about six hours.”



He stares back unblinkingly.



She hesitates. “Please don’t get in trouble,” she says at last, chewing her lip. “That bounty is
still out for you, and folks on the Dead Morrigan seem potentially shady.”



She hates the act of leaving. But she bites her lip, and makes herself do it anyway.



++++



Rocket happens to know a lot of the crew on the Dead Morrigan - or at least, know of them -
and “shady” is a frickin’ understatement.
Once he’s sure the Terran has left the docking bay, he immediately drops down the hatch to
check the tiny armory under her bed. He’s simultaneously a little gratified - and very
disappointed - to find she’s taken both potentially-lethal firearms and most of the daggers.
The broad is apparently slightly smarter than he’d given her credit for. The Dead Morrigan
crew is overwhelmingly composed of bounty hunters, and he’s tangled with a few of them
before - including swiping some of their pricier targets right out from under them.



He’s not trying to run into a single one of ‘em without being fully decked out in the heaviest
artillery he can get his paws on.



He briefly considers just undocking the Gemma Lynn while the Terran girl is with her, uh,
new employers. It’s an easy solution. He has enough units to refuel the ship on his own and
still get what he needs on Conjunction. And imagining her left to her own devices on the
Dead Morrigan is hysterical. She might be doing some kind of job for them now, but based
on what little he’s gathered, she has no skills she can barter long-term for passage, and barely
any units to her name.



Groot would be disappointed though. He would say something like, she shared her food with
you, or she gave up those units for you.



He growls, mentally glaring at the imaginary Groot. So what?



“I didn’t make her stick her damn nose in. I didn’t make her transfer all those units just so she
could buy a little monster for a pet,” he snarls to no-one. “Her being a narcissistical moron
has got nothin’ to do with me.”



That isn’t fair, he can hear Groot saying reasonably. She was trying to help you.


His mental-Groot has the stupidest voice.


“Too bad,” he snaps out loud. Besides, there’s no reason he ever has to tell Groot about any
of this. Once he gets rid of the Terran and gets Groot out of the Kyln, Rocket can just tell his
friend that he stole the Gemma Lynn.
And it won’t even be a lie, exactly.



He grits his teeth, stalking down to his own bunk, and begins ripping apart every gadget he’s
stolen in the last day. He’s stewing in his anger, letting it build, because anger is familiar and
comfortable. It’s the only thing that’s ever gotten him what he needed.



But it also makes you reckless, some part of him protests. And it also got Teefs and Floor
killed.



He buries that part under daydreams of rubble and gunfire.



Because he refuses to go soft on this broad. He refuses to get tricked, to get sold, to get made
fun of, to get toyed with, to get used. Because ultimately, those things are all the galaxy has
to offer him, aren’t they? Finding a friend in Groot had been a once-in-a-trillion-lifetimes
fluke of the universe - and frankly, a fluke of the Flora Colossus’ own placid, loving
stubbornness - and Rocket knows that even that has never been meant for him, and that he
hasn’t deserved it.



You could figure out the complex workings of cytoplasmic filtration systems, but you couldn't
figure out that?



His heart is thudding against his prosthetic sternum. Trapped. He looks down and sees that at
some point in his frenzy, he’s pieced together four small incendiary devices. Driven by a need
to do something, he tosses them into one of the drawers in his desk-turned-workbench, then
throws himself out into the corridor to begin a new search for anything he’s missed so far.



He searches her room - more thoroughly, but also more recklessly this time. He finds a small
fan in a drawer and he’s not sure what she’s been using it for, but it’s his now: a little trove of
wiring and batteries and belts and blades. He finds a sheaf of delicate, curved knives and fine
razors, bundled into a canvas roll - those are his now, too.
Some small part of him starts to become aware that he’s just revenge-stealing at this point:
yeah, all this stuff will be useful to him, but his driving motivation right now is purely
vindictive. Sure enough, her glove and the black glass rectangle are gone, which means she
probably does take them with her every day - and that’s a frickin’ bummer, because he
would’ve shredded that glove at this point to get at the delicate sensors, and cracked into the
glass to take a peek at the tech inside.



The more he thinks about leaving her behind here, the more impossible it seems. He’d told
himself at first that she has nothing to barter with, but that’s not strictly true, is it? She knows
who he is to the High Evolutionary, and she knows how much money he’s worth. If he
abandons her here, she’ll just tell the crew of the Dead Morrigan about the bounty on his
head, and he’ll be running again in a matter of minutes. At least dropping her on Conjunction
would give him some time to get away. The so-called authorities on Conjunction only really
care about petty bribes and local power struggles, and they don’t waste time pursuing
criminals who’ve already left the planet. That’s why Conjunction is the way it is: a black-
market dream and a den of lowlifes. Like himself.



She could be a new friend, Groot would have said. Our only one in the universe.



It’s enraging all over again. He doesn’t need any new friends, and new friends sure as hell
don’t need him.



Even though he wants this ship - his ship - it suddenly feels like a cage right now. He paces.
He moves every tool from the mechanical room into his bunk. He’d seen a long-nosed lighter
in the kitchen the night before - he goes back, takes that. There’s a manual hand-mixer he can
use the gears from, and he can dismantle at least one igniter from the two-burner stovetop. He
doesn’t care that she seems to use the small electric kettle every day - he cracks into the base,
pulls out the wiring and the heating plate, trundles that up in his arms too. He’s reckless in his
fury, snatching whatever he can get his hands on that won’t make his life harder or his ship
unstable.



When the airlock finally clicks and beeps and whooshes to let the girl in, he’s striding past it
with a pile of kitchen appliances balanced precariously in his arms. She’s laughing sweetly at
whoever’s behind her in the docking bay, saying good-bye with waves that are too joyful,
too generous, like she’s just charmed the entire impossible crew of the Dead Morrigan, and
he hates it so much.
The airlock closes, and she turns, and - welp, there he is, staring back, arms full.



A manual kitchen timer tips and falls out of the crook of his elbow, clattering to the ground
awkwardly.



They both look at it for a moment.



When her eyes flick back to his, he shrugs and opens his arms, letting the entire horde crash
to the floor.



A few circuitry discs go rolling, spinning like coins before falling to their sides.



For a long moment, everything is silent.



“Hello, handsome,” she says casually, conversationally. “Long day?”



++++



She hasn’t asked for any of the stuff back, and he’s left it in a pile where he dropped it. He
doesn’t join her in the cockpit when she maneuvers them away from the Dead Morrigan -
he’s too mad at himself for not taking the chance and leaving her ass.



The way she’d said good-bye to the crew makes him think she would’ve figured out a way to
be just fine, thank you very frickin’ much.



Now, instead, he has to deal with being the butt of her stupid jokes. Plus, he doesn’t think he
can sit in that cockpit for another minute without demanding to take over their flight path to
the Splinter. Her flying is fine, but he’s better - faster, more agile - and more to the point, he
misses it.
Handsome, she’d said. He clenches his fist around the soldergun wrapped in his fingers. He
supposes she thinks she’s frickin’ funny. He also supposes he might end up killing her after
all.



At some point, she must set the Gemma Lynn to autopilot, because she’s tapping at his bunk
door.



He doesn’t respond. He’s filling a drawer with a dozen little bombs, and building the core of
something new - and larger. He’s not sure what it is yet, but it’s gonna be able to blow up
something big. If she leaves his scavenged haul on the floor by the airlock overnight, he’ll
retrieve that stuff too, and he thinks maybe he can pull together something a little more
deadly, a little more fun.



He hears a soft, quiet clatter as she places something on the floor outside the door and he
pauses, listening to her retreat. When he sniffs, there’s a new aroma that makes his stomach
growl. He hesitates, then goes to the door and slides it open.



There’s the singular plate, piled high with rehydrated Moraggian moonfish, grilled and
seasoned. There are cold slices of yaro root brined with Xandaran dewhoney, and wedges of
rehydrated frostmelon. A glass of water, a chipped Xandaran breakfast-cup of curlflower tea
that has turned a creamy pinkish-gold with whatever milk and sweetener she’s added, and the
remaining bottle of Contraxian greenwine.



He has got to get rid of her.



It’s only another rotation and a half till Conjunction - only a rotation and a half of having to
deal with her, he reasons. He can do that. Then he’ll get what he needs, take the Gemma
Lynn, and be gone. She’d mentioned having a longer job there, so she’ll at least have some
resources and some contacts to take care of herself.



Even Groot can’t complain about that, Rocket thinks, and tries to settle back into his
tinkering.
++++



rocket-teefs-floor-go-now-rocket-teefs-floor-go-NOW-ROCKET-TEEFS-FLOOR-GO-NOW-



He lunges awake, nearly flipping himself out of the hammock as his heart hammers into his
metal sternum. He can’t breathe. He’s going to die. He can feel it. Here in the dark, alone but
surrounded by ghosts, his heart is going to bash itself to bits against the unbreakable ribcage
implanted inside him.



And he deserves it.



For a second, he tears frantically at his fur, at his skin, trying to rip it out of his chest himself.



He can’t, so he settles for tipping out of the hammock, smashing down to the floor onto his
chest and one forearm. The impact jars all the joints in his twisted-and-pinned body and
knocks the air out of his lungs, but the cold floor feels good on his hot, furred face and
mangled forepaws. He presses into it, fists curled so tight that his claws sink into his palms.
His heart smashes again and again into the unforgiving ground.



My fault.



Slowly, slowly, his pulse eases. Maybe it’s minutes, or maybe it’s hours. Finally, he half-sits,
and scrubs one hand roughly down his wet face, trying to pull the rest of the sweat and heat
and tears out of himself.



He prefers the nights when Vim and Theel and the High Evolutionary are ripping his body
apart and replacing every piece of him with ugliness and pain, because then he just wakes up
afraid and alone and hurting.



The nights with Lylla and Floor and Teefs, though… these nights open up that splinteringly
hollow crack inside him. It feels like he has a gravity bomb planted in his chest. Everything is
empty and sucking and he is always afraid, each time, that it’s going to swallow him whole
and he’ll never be able to close it again.



Either way, though, he hates himself.



Monster.



He sits back for a moment, pulling in breaths he knows he doesn’t deserve. He needs a
shower. And then he needs to…make another bomb, or something. Anything to get rid of this
nausea and this gaping maw of starving, hateful emptiness behind his sternum. Slowly, he
drags himself to his feet, slapping his palm against the panel by the door so it slides open.



When he steps into the corridor, half-lit for the manufactured sleep cycle, something seems
off.



For a second, he tells himself he’s just being paranoid. Sometimes, on nights like these, he
feels panicked and watchful whenever he crosses a threshold. His eyes scan the space though,
and it only takes a second to spot the Terran’s bunk a couple feet away, door wide open.



His blood chills for a second. He approaches cautiously, and sniffs the doorway.



She’s not in there.



rocket-teefs-floor-go-NOW



He slides through the shadows, swiping the quadblaster from under her bed. All her weapons
are still down there. Swiftly, he darts down the corridor, ears pricked forward and nose on
high-alert. There’s no sign of her - or of anything else - throughout the belly of the Gemma
Lynn, and his heart is hammering all over again.
Up the ladder he goes, silent and shadow-footed past the airlock and his abandoned pile of
scavenged wires and tech. Everything seems quiet - which, in his experience, is when
everything is at its most dangerous. When his eyes scan the tiny common area and
kitchenette, he can see a soft golden glow coming from the cockpit. He approaches slowly,
tense and tight, fingers itching on both triggers of the quadblaster.



When he gets to the edge of the bridge, he sees her.



She’s perched in the pilot’s chair, a holovid projected in a panorama around her. The back of
her head is silhouetted against the luminous view, and in spite of the infinite blackness just
beyond, the world in front of her is made up of copper sunshine and late afternoons. She’s
wrestled her hair into some kind of fastening on the top of her head, and it hangs down in a
long, sleek tail over one shoulder. A few other streamers have escaped, and are looping down
the sides of her bare throat and shoulders. He can see the pearls of her spine at the base of her
neck.



Her hand hovers over the datapad propped up in front of her, fingers encased in the three-
sensored half-glove he’d found two nights ago by her bed.



His breathing eases, every muscle slackening as he lowers the weapon, leaving only vague
agitation and annoyance behind in his body. What the hell is she doing, anyway? It’s an
absurd hour for a humie to be awake.



He looks down at the quadblaster in his hands. He clearly doesn’t need it now, but he doesn’t
want to leave it behind either. What’s he gonna do, toss it in the sonic sink?



For some reason, turning around and leaving doesn’t even enter his mind. Maybe she won’t
notice, he thinks doubtfully, and moves forward. He can’t help his innate curiosity.



He wants to see what exactly she’s looking at.



It takes a moment, but he realizes as he approaches that she’s painting - with light. The wide
white sleeves of her shirt - even more massive and swallowing on her frame than her normal
tunic - are rolled and cuffed halfway up her forearms. She uses the sensors on her thumb and
fingers to zoom in close on the face of another Terran humie: a kid, really, round-cheeked and
freckled.



A brush of the broad’s index finger, and the portrait’s face is colored with the orange-pink
blush of a faint sunburn. She slides her two fingers to the left and the face turns - she cocks
her head, hesitates, and shifts a constellation of freckles on the left cheek, then shakes her
head and slides it back.



He’s next to her now, almost without realizing it, and he tilts his own head as he watches. The
painting looks almost real, like a holovid of an actual person. But the edges are softer, and
here and there he can pick up a brushstroke, or a line that’s too delicate and pretty to be real.



He’s not any kind of artist. He doesn’t know anything about that kind of stuff and he doesn’t
really care, not unless he can steal something that will get a good price. The idea of it - this
highbrow, shit-eating study of beauty and ugliness - leaves him feeling bitter and mean. He
supposes he’s had enough of arrogant jackasses pursuing perfection.



But…there’s something about this thing she’s making. It twists his guts up inside, the way
only certain songs have before. It sounds cheesy and he hates it, but there’s some kind of
feeling in the brushstrokes, bright and bittersweet. It’s weird - the kid looks so mischievous,
so frickin’ innocent and stupid-happy, but something about the way the hair is falling into its
eyes makes his bones ache with the memories of everything he’s lost.



This stupid painted kid makes him think of Floor, of Teefs, of Lylla. All gone. His heart’s
suddenly in his mouth.



Jolie slides her first two fingers left on the screens again and the image spins: now they’re
seeing the back of the kid’s head. She does something with her whole, gloved hand: like a
soft opening, like letting go of a bird. The three sensors in her glove skate outward and away
from each other on the screen.



In response, the image suddenly widens into a broad bronze landscape, fieldgrasses and trees
all around them, and the kid’s whole body is there in front of them. It’s a coltish, childish
Terran girl with knobby knees and teeth just a little too big for her face. She moves in the
shifting meadow, looking back over her shoulder and laughing soundlessly at Rocket before
running away into the tall golden grass. He can almost feel the leaves whisper against each
other. The kid’s copper hair ripples behind her, and then the painting dissolves into amber
mist.



Jolie hasn’t taken her eyes off the screens, but the broad has to know he’s here. He glances up
at her, wondering who the kid is - almost impulsively blowing his already-questionable cover
and opening his mouth to ask - and then the twist in his gut vanishes in favor of his stomach
suddenly dropping right through his feet. He freezes.



Jolie’s cheek and the line of her throat are both slick with reflected light. Her eyes are silver-
rimmed - bright - with the lashes all starred out in dampness.



He watches as her shoulders buckle upward in a movement he recognizes all too well: it’s the
involuntary motion that comes with grappling a sob into silence. Her throat works, but her
gaze doesn’t waver.



No sound escapes her body.



He doesn’t like this. He doesn’t like this at all. Against his will, his ears drop back, tail
flickering briefly between his ankles in distress. She’s still just sitting there: eyes on the now-
pale light, her face and neck and collarbone all gleaming with tears.



His throat tightens in the dark and he looks away, suddenly uncertain.



He hears her shift, and when he glances back up, she’s looking down at him. He sees her eyes
clock the blaster, but she doesn’t seem fazed by it. Her wet eyes are just soft - so soft - and
she wrings out a lopsided half-smile for him.



“Hey,” she says, her voice curling around him with such a gentleness that it makes his ears
drop further. “Couldn’t sleep?”



What to say to that?
Even if he was willing to tip his hand and talk to her - which he’s not - there aren’t any good
words. And even if there were, he’s bad at using them. He’d probably just say something
cutting and mean.



And…that’s not what he wants right now.



“Do you need anything?” she asks, and she doesn’t sound like she’s been weeping alone in
the dark. Her voice is just quiet, and patient, and maybe a little curious. “What can I do?”



He feels like shit. He’s tired, he’s just spent a fuckton of adrenaline on his own dreams and
fears, and now - this. He doesn’t really wanna examine the weird sense of recognition he’s
experiencing right now, but he doesn’t particularly want to go back to his dark bunk and the
ghosts, either.



Instead, he just looks down at the quadblaster in his hands, and sets it on the console. Then he
hoists himself into the copilot’s seat, and he looks out into the black sky. She’s silent for a
moment, watchful. He ignores her, and eventually, she leans back and taps a few buttons. The
projected light disappears, leaving them with an unobstructed view of the sea of endless
night.



Forever, and beautiful, he thinks, staring out at the darkness, pinpricked by sharp stars.



For a very long time, they simply sit together: silent, and miserable.



But not alone.
Chapter End Notes



    Coming soon: Chapter III. A Kindness.

    in which Rocket gets in his own damn way: not for the first time, and certainly not for
    the last.
                                       Chapter 3: A Kindness.
Chapter Summary



      in which Rocket gets in his own damn way: not for the first time, and certainly not for
      the last.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Neither of them sleep for the remainder of the night. When the Gemma Lynn begins
   brightening to signal the onset of the artificial waking-half of the rotation, Rocket can see that
   the broad has smudges of exhaustion under her eyes. For a moment, he wonders if she ever
   even went to bed in the first place, but when she finally stands up to get ready for the day, he
   can see she’s not wearing any pants.

   He looks away. So that big white shirt is supposed to be for sleeping, then.

   He watches as she moves off the bridge, her voice beckoning him through the kitchenette.
   “Can you get the plate from last night?” she asks, and he’s glad the fur hides his flush of self-
   conscious embarrassment. He takes the opportunity to grab half of yesterday’s abandoned
   stash of gadgets, though - since she hasn’t taken any of it back - and carries it to his bunk
   before coming back with the plate and cups from yesterday's dinner. The Contraxian
   greenwine is empty, of course, and he tosses the bottle into the recycling compressor.

   Breakfast is eggs again. This time she rehydrates dried orloni to mix in, along with some kind
   of smoked cheese. This meal is quieter than he'd expected - she’s usually chattering inanely
   about something - but it’s also, weirdly, more comfortable.

   At least at first.

   He can feel his tension rising as the morning passes. He wishes they were already on
   Conjunction. He’s back to debating about the best time to stun her. He could probably do it
   now after all. Skip the next day of travel and just fly them both directly there. He can drop
   her off, get what he needs, and be on his way to Groot in less than a day and a half, probably.

   But even this plan makes him uneasy now, for reasons he doesn’t have the patience or
   inclination to examine.

   He’s starting to get a twitch in one eyelid. He tells himself that his growing reluctance is just
   because Conjunction can be a rough place, and now that he’s seen her crying alone in the
   dark, he’s not sure he trusts her to be able to manage herself on it. Sure, she’d apparently
   charmed the Yondu clan and the bounty hunters on the Dead Morrigan, but -
She interrupts his thoughts, scrubbing her hands harshly over her face and saying, “I’m going
to go shower and get ready, and then we’ll head out, yeah?”

He doesn’t respond, of course, and she looks at him consideringly.

“I’m sorry for not thinking of this sooner,” she says, “but we probably need to get you some
more clothes, hm?” She stretches her arms out to the side, looking down at herself. The shirt
she’s wearing might as well be some kind of massive tent, but it rises a little bit on her
thighs.

Welp. He'd already known she was a frickin' moron. He keeps his eyes on hers, and refuses to
let them dip below her neck.

“I don’t think my shirts are gonna fit you, my dude.”

Sure won’t.

“Think we can hold off ‘til we get to Conjunction? If I see something that might be useful to
you on the Faraday, I’ll include it in my haul, but they seem kind of ridiculous - “ she
wrinkles her nose “ - and it’s hard to imagine there being much of use in the shipments
they’re carrying.”

He schools his face into impassivity. He’d already assumed he’d need to wait till they arrived
on Conjunction for him to get what he really needs. The people and creatures who frequent
the black markets there are diverse, which means more options in his size, and he’s already
ordered a couple things tailored to accommodate his frame and his tail.

But…now he’s interested. He’s not sure what her definition of ridiculous is, but it sounds like
that might mean disgustingly rich. Also, she said shipments, so it could be a merchant
freighter, which might mean he could find something delightful on board. Not clothes, like
she’s thinking - but something more expensive. Or more fun.

It really just depends on what they’re shipping.

“Your ears are gonna give you away in any game of poker, friend,” she says drily.

His hands twitch and he catches himself just before he reaches up to feel them himself, and
he bares his teeth at her instead.

She half-smiles at him though, and opens her mouth to say something, then thinks better of it
and straightens up instead.

“I’m going to go shower,” she repeats, “and then we’ll head out.”

She half-raises one hand like she's gonna reach out to him, then curls it back into her chest -
smart frickin' move - and glides around him to head back down the ladder. Almost as soon as
she passes, though, he feels her pause behind him. It’s quiet for so long that he almost swivels
in the barstool to look back and make sure she’s still there, and not about to stab him in the
back or something.
“Thank you,” she says softly. “For staying with me last night.”

His ears flick and he feels his shoulders go rigid. He can hear by the sound of her voice that
she's half-turned, speaking over her shoulder.

“It was a kindness. And I won’t forget it.” The words are breathy, quiet. “If I can ever do
anything similar for you, please - please tell me.”

He can’t move. He sits, frozen and voiceless, until she exhales a soft half-laugh at his silence,
and leaves.

++++

He waits an hour after she’s docked and boarded the Faraday. He wants to make sure she’s
gotten any pleasantries out of the way and has been guided to whatever job she’s been hired
for, so it’s less likely he’ll run into anyone in the docking bay. She had asked if he wanted to
join her - it’ll probably be boring, she’d reiterated, grimacing - and he’d just turned and gone
down to his bunk, like he had no plans whatsoever.

He’d known she took the quadblaster with her - which was probably smarter than he
would’ve expected, he concedes - and when he checks her weapons stash, he grimaces at
finding that the laser pistol is gone again as well.

“Gotta be smart when it’s least convenient,” he grumbles, tucking what’s left of her pathetic
little arsenal into the extra pockets, hidden loops, and holsters in his jumpsuit. He snags one
of the remaining canvas bags from under the bed, dumping her crap out on the floor. He can’t
wear it like she does - buckled around her thigh - but it’ll at least hold a fair amount of stuff.
He loops the two straps over his shoulders so the bag hangs sideways on his back, and makes
his way to the dock.

It’s easy enough to stay in the shadows - there aren’t many people moving around right now.
Their armory will be guarded, but a lot of these merchant-type numbskulls don’t think to
guard their own stash very rigidly when they’re not at a port, so he heads to where he expects
to find the cargo hold.

He has a master’s intuition for ship layouts, so it’s easy to find an access point to the holds.
He sprints through an underpopulated, too-fancy central chamber, dodging between ornate
statues and shelves, and then down a few more corridors before he finds them. The massive
doors to each bay slide upward, so he’s able to just lift each one a few inches and squeeze
under into a hold. Once inside, he takes his time, meandering between crates of furs - morbid,
he thinks - and various other trade goods. Then he’s out and moving onto the next one,
mentally logging the contents of each chamber as he goes. There’s one full of Atraxian
lumber that he doesn’t care about - the stuff is pricey but too big for him to carry by himself
without attracting attention - and another full of Sovereign booze that he’ll probably come
back to. He hasn’t tried their liquor yet, but he imagines it has to be strong if it’s gonna
intoxicate one of those genetic nightmares.

He hits the mother lode in Hold Nine. Padded crates full of datapads, electroscreens, comms,
batteries, projectors. More boxes and cases are carrying medical equipment: medpacks,
needles, bioscanners, nanite reserves, surgical glasses. And then, far in the back: a treasury of
prosthetics. He prefers to get them from people who are already using them - there's
something that feels a little like payback, and a little like nostalgia - but they’re still just as
useful in mint condition, even if they’re not as fun. He reads the labels, then opens a few.
Nanotech tentacles. Robotic arms. Some kind of enormous insectile leg, segmented and
manipulated via a network of hydraulics. The way it reminds him of Floor makes his chest
clench.

He distracts himself by wishing he had more time and a bigger bag.

He works fast, humming under his breath to one of the songs they’d listened to on their way
from the Splinter. He can manufacture his own tools out of the needles and magnets and clips
available, and then use those tools to dismantle everything else. He throws a few things,
whole, into the bag and stuffs others into his pockets: two pairs of surgical glasses, a couple
medpacks, reams of laser scalpels, a few tubes of nanites, as many batteries as he can get.
Everything else, he strips down to circuitry and parts. The hydraulic system from the
segmented prosthesis is removed, bundled, and tucked away. Countless datapads are reduced
to tiny circuit boards, and bioscanners are pared down to just their coin-sized cameras. Into
the bag they go.

Finally, there is nothing else he can fit in it. When he looks around, he chuckles. It looks like
a Praxius IX windstorm blew through.

“Glad I’m not the jackass who has to report this,” he mutters under his breath, and snickers.

He bundles up the bag tightly to prevent any jostling and clinking from within, then slings it
onto his back and loops the straps over his shoulders. He sniffs the corridor cautiously before
hoisting the door up - higher now, to accommodate his haul of treasures - and exiting, darting
from bay to bay in the shadows.

On second thought...

He pauses. Because he really wants to try that Sovereign liquor.

He’s backtracking to Hold Six when he hears a few sets of footsteps approaching from
around the corner. Tucked into the shadows by the door, he holds his breath while they pass.

That’s when the Hold Six door slides up and open behind him, and he almost stumbles.

For a second, he blinks up at the Centaurian towering over him, and the Centaurian blinks
back.

“Well, shit,” Rocket deadpans.

The Centaurian lunges, but Rocket’s already pulled Jolie's electric-bola cannon and blasted it
in his direction. Quicker than Rocket's sharp eyes can follow, the blue-skinned man is on the
ground: wrapped in a line of red electricity, anchored by two sharp metal hooks that have
embedded themselves in the skin of his hand and the clothing over his bicep. Rocket tips his
head consideringly. The Centaurian is already trying to tear the bola from around his torso,
and it’s not going to hold him for long - especially once he thinks to open his mouth and call
for help.

Luckily, it’s not a single-shot: Rocket figures there’s at least a few rounds left. He pulls the
trigger another four times, and in seconds, the Centaurian is jittering uncontrollably in the
crackling red coils wrapping tight around his body.

“Yeah, that’s fun,” Rocket says, looking from the Centaurian to the bola cannon and back.
His lip curls in a sneer. “Writhe, little man.”

He looks around, spies an open crate stamped Sovereign Spiced Rum, and leaps up so he can
peer inside. Nestled in between shreds of gold paper are six wide-bottomed bottles, sealed
with gold wax. When Rocket pulls one out and holds it to the light, he can see that the dark
amber liquid inside shimmering with metallic flecks. He rolls his eyes.

“These guys are so over-the-top, you know?” he offers up conversationally to his victim.

The Centaurian just continues to thrash, semi-conscious against the tight electric binding.

“Rude,” Rocket mutters, and hops back down before heading to the open door. His ears
swivel just a second too late.

“Did you hear something?” someone says down the corridor, and Rocket freezes in the bay.
He’s not sure how many there are, or how many shots are left in the bola cannon. He’s fast
and agile and good with a knife, so he can probably still take them, but who knows how
many will come next?

“I think Hold Six is open,” another voice says, and it’s only gonna be a minute before they
see Big Blue here on the floor, writhing in a wreathe of electricity. Rocket hesitates, wishing
again he had one of his actual guns, and then he lunges through the door, making a break for
the other end of the corridor. He hears some surprised exclamations, and then someone yells
out, “I think it electrocuted Farthu!”

The shooting starts and he’s scrambling. Run, he thinks. And: protect the booze.

He dodges blast after blast and veers around the corner, coming face-to-face with three
Krylorians and an Atraxian. They catch sight of him, mouths dropping in shock, and then
they’re pulling their guns too and he’s so mad that he doesn’t have any heavy artillery on
him.

He lunges upward: slamming into the first Krylorian’s chest, propelling himself over the
man’s face with a swipe of his claws, and launching off his head onto the next. He’s slicing
their foreheads as he goes, letting the blood pour into their eyes because headwounds bleed
like a bitch, and then he lands in the corridor just past them and half-spins to watch as they
stumble, blood-blinded and frantic.

He practically cackles, and it feels good.
Then he turns and books it down the corridors, moving from floor to wall as needed, slicing
tendons here and fully barrelling between legs there. The wide open central chamber passes
in a blur as he ricochets off railings and bodies and statues and hanging lights. He’s knocking
over whatever he can - using any passing item as a projectile - and he’s loving it as he
watches these idiots stagger around, tripping over themselves and rippling into a small tidal
wave of Faraday crew. Unfortunately, without a real gun, he can’t do much to fight off all of
them, and he knows it’s going to become a problem soon. There are bullets and blasts
everywhere and he’s dodging, darting.

He slides half-past the corridor to the docking bays, his momentum carrying him a meter too
far and his claws skittering on the tile. He scrambles back to his feet, spins, and shoots the
bola cannon again - once, twice. It flares and fizzles on the third charge, so he turns and
throws himself down the corridor, breathing hard.

The airlock of the Gemma Lynn is open and he’s not sure how he’s going to be able to make
it inside and seal it closed before they flood in; he’ll have to get in, get to the panel, lock in
the command - and never mind getting it undocked without taking damage. The feet are right
behind him -

He hurtles through the doorway and something slides next to him, behind him.

The sound of boots squeaking on tile, bodies slamming into each other. He whirls.

It’s the Terran girl. Jolie. Because of course it is.

She’s standing between him and this small mob of angry merchants or crew or - well,
whatever they are, they’re not good at it - and she has both arms extended. In one hand, she
grips the laser pistol and points it at the small cluster of people halted halfway into the
corridor. With the other, she’s lodged the upper barrel of her quadblaster squarely into the
lead pursuer’s mouth.

“Hello, yes, what the fuck do you think you are doing?” she says sweetly to the wide-eyed
man whose mouth is gaping around the blaster barrel. Rocket’s lungs are heaving as he
watches. They’ve all raised their hands, weapons discarded now if they hadn’t been before.
She steps forward, pushing the blaster toward the back of the man’s throat. His teeth click
against the housing - he’s choking, and his eyes are streaming. He staggers back a step to
keep from gagging, and she moves forward; the modest crowd of crewmembers at the edge
of the airlock stumble back a step too.

A pause, and then she steps again, very deliberately. The quadblaster clinks against his
pursuer's teeth once more. Again, the collective shrinks back.

And again.

It’s…kinda hot, actually.

These few crewmembers of the Faraday - all except the leader, who’s still gaping around the
barrel Jolie’s blaster in the airlock - are all in the corridor now. She’s got that satin hair
everywhere, the too-big black tunic sloping off one shoulder, showing one strap of a tank top
or bra. Her stance is wide but casual, and only the tense muscles beneath her leggings give
away that she's feeling any misgivings are worries at all. The black bags of tools are buckled
around her waist and both thighs like gun holsters.

“I asked what you’re doing,” she says pleasantly to the crew of the Faraday, and then her
voice grows flat and very, very dark. “On my ship.” Another step forward. “To my friend.”

One of the people in the corridor speaks up nervously. “It was stealing - “

She fires the laser pistol and it whiffs the speaker’s pointed ear. Blood spatters and the
crewmember shrieks, clamping both hands to the wounded side of their head.

“He,” Jolie enunciates clearly. “You mean he.”

Something inside Rocket sparks and flickers.

Jolie pauses, and her eyes flicker back to the man currently drooling all over her quad blaster.
“You know I get a haul as part of my price,” she says. Her voice is placid and polite, but her
eyes are flat and dead. She waits a moment, then lifts her chin. The man takes it as some kind
of signal and this time, when he steps back, she doesn’t keep pace with him.

He flexes his jaw, cautiously wiping at his spit-covered lips with the back of one hand, the
other still raised in surrender. “You usually only take art -“

“And that’s my prerogative. Today it’s -” she pauses, a flicks a glance over to Rocket “-
whatever he’s got in that bag, and the illuminated manuscript you promised me.”

“But the bottle of Sovereign rum is worth more than three times your agreed-upon fee!”

The smile she’s wearing now is very different than the ones she’s given Rocket over plates of
scrambled eggs and map screens. It’s all sharpness and danger and satisfaction, and yeah, it is
hot.

“Then we can consider it the cost of your brutality toward my copilot,” she says evenly. “I’ll
make sure the other assessors and restorers in the guild know what kind of hospitality - or
lack thereof - the Faraday offers its contractors.”

The man’s jaw drops. Jolie slides her eyes briefly over to Rocket again, then back to her
employers, or hostages, or whatever they are at this point.

“Can you get us away from this trash heap, please?” she asks him mildly.

He doesn’t want to, actually. Not now.

He wants to stay and watch.

But she’s backing up through the airlock, weapons still extended, and soon she’ll have to
close the double doors between them and the Faraday. Timing is of the essence. They need to
be ready to get out of here as soon as the airlock prevents her from shooting them. Never
mind that technically, she doesn’t know he can fly. Some dim part of him registers that she’s
taking a gamble on him, but he kicks that thought aside and goes: darting through the
common area of the ship and sliding over the bridge and into the cockpit, flicking on the
flight engines and checking the airlock.

As soon as it’s sealed, he’s undocking and pushing up into the thruster, practically tearing the
docking port off the Faraday and singeing it in the process. He maneuvers the ship as
skillfully as he can, as swiftly as the Gemma Lynn can manage - which, all told, is pretty
swiftly.

Oh, it feels good to have a yoke in his hands again. The Gemma Lynn flies smooth and sweet.
And she handles so easily, like she was made for him.

A moment passes, then two. The Terran girl hasn’t come up to the cockpit yet but on the off-
chance that the Faraday is gonna pursue them, he keeps the ship at full-throttle, hitting a
nearby and totally-unnecessary jump, and then a few more, just to make sure they’re good.

By the time Jolie’s sliding into the other seat, he’s entering coordinates for the Achaemenid
system and checking their flight path. She’s not looking at him, and he’s fine with that. His
brain is currently comfortably wrapped in the instinct and euphoria of flight.

But later, he knows he’s going to remember the way she looked: blaster barrel planted in that
moron’s mouth, glossy hair streaming around her like it had a life of its own, the only sign of
her tension in the tight muscles beneath the packs strapped to her thighs.

It’s an hour at least before she speaks. She’s not looking at him, but she extends one arm,
pointing at him across the cockpit.

“If you drink all that booze without sharing this time, I’ll kill you.”

++++

That night, with the Gemma Lynn tucked safely into an abandoned pocket in the Achaemenid
system, they tuck into the kitchenette and dining nook. The common area is useless, he
thinks, but when he makes the ship his own, he’ll turn it into a giant workroom.

Aside from the incident on the Faraday with the quadblaster, he knows the Terran girl is a
soft-touch. He’s beginning to think he could probably just ask her for the Gemma Lynn, and
she’d give it to him. He might have to convince her that he needed it, but that wouldn’t be
hard. She’d be the type to fall for a sob story quick enough. And maybe that means he can
forgo stunning her.

Not that it bothers him either way, of course. Of course it doesn't.

He waits and watches as she cleans out the glass from the night before and pulls another out
of the dishware locker. When she sets the glasses on the bar between them, he peels the
golden wax off the mouth of the Sovereign bottle and pours a generous portion of rum into
each. The liquid is bright amber, swirling with that metallic and shimmery nonsense, and it
flashes gold as he pours.
It tastes even better than it looks - spiced, and it reminds him of some kind of autumnal
syrup. It packs a punch too: warm on the inside, as silky as heated Atraxian marble. He can
already feel his limbs going loose and his eyelids heavy.

The silence feels companionable for exactly as long as he lets it. As the liquor melts his
insides, he starts to think maybe he should say something. He’s not even sure why he’s
continued with this masquerade of silence for so long. At this point, it has to be clear to her
that she’s not dealing with some kind of dumb animal, right? With a pet? He’d intended to
leave her in the dark as long as possible, but at some point in these last few days, he’d given
up on hiding anything but his capacity for speech. So why not take the next step and actually
say something?

Of course, if he opens his big mouth now, he’s just as likely to say something he’ll regret.
The thought makes him morose, and bitter, and sad. He takes another swallow of the warm
rum, trying to wash it away.

When he glances up, she’s leaning her back against the sink, sipping her rum and gazing at
him absently. It makes him itch with sudden, familiar irritation - What’re you lookin’ at? he
wants to growl, though not quite as rudely as he might’ve yesterday. She shakes herself when
his lip curls, and she looks bemused.

“Your face is really expressive,” she confesses, dropping her eyes to her glass with a hesitant
little smile, “but I wish I knew what you were thinking sometimes.”

Doubtful, he thinks with an audible snort, and her gaze snaps upward at the sound, big eyes
wide and mouth forming a little o.

Then her smile hits like an Indigarran sunrise and that tension inside seizes him, full-force.
He feels his shoulders tighten and rise.

“It’s nice to hear you make some noise, even if it’s just complete derision,” she says, fully
laughing now, and his hackles are suddenly all the way up. He feels himself glower, and
flashes a tooth at the corner of his mouth for good measure.

“There he is,” she teases - mocks, he thinks. “There’s the guy I’ve come to know and love.”

Oh, he’s going to kill her after all. Toss her ass right out of the airlock halfway to
Conjunction.

He bares all his teeth and she chuckles softly, raising her hands in surrender. “Okay, okay,”
she says. “You try being less likable for like, five minutes, and I’ll stop telling you how much
you’re growing on me.” She tosses back the last drops of her rum and sets the glass in the
sink, pauses, and then tilts her head consideringly. “If we leave early, we’ll get to
Conjunction tomorrow around mid-morning. I’ll head to my gig and you can do….whatever
it is you need to do? Will you need anything from me while we’re there?”

He’s sure she means units, and part of him thinks venomously: take her for all she’s worth -
but he just stares at her with his eyes half-lidded, flat and expressionless. All that
companionable silence last night, that absolutely unexpected and sexy stunt on the Faraday,
and he’d been thinking maybe she was all right. Tolerable, even.

But now here they are, and she’s back to laughing at him.

The bola canon might be out of hooks and line, but there’s still the stun feature on her
quadblaster. That’ll do it. He’s looking forward to seeing her flail.

He’s glad she’s reminded him of how much he hates her.

Her brow furrows as she considers him. She’s eyeing him searchingly, trying to read
something on his face. “Well,” she says after a moment, her voice reluctant, “good night, I
guess.” A pause. “Rest well.”

She starts to move around him toward the ladder, and then pauses behind him. When she
speaks, he can tell she’s turned to face him again.

“Hey,” she says softly, hesitantly. “I’m not sure if I’m getting this right, but it feels like the
vibe just changed. Like, a lot. All of a sudden.” Silence. She swallows and for maybe the first
time since he’s met her, she sounds nervous. He sneers silently into his glass.

“If I said something that hurt you, I’m really sorry.”

Boo frickin’ hoo, sweetheart, he wants to say. It’s only sheer stubbornness that keeps his jaw
locked tight.

And then he thinks again: why not?

“Hurt me?” He mimics, and then bursts into a full-throated laugh that’s rife with
condescension and contempt. He swivels on the stool so he can look her in the eye, one paw
gripped tight on his glass as he leans back lazily against the bar countertop. “Don’t make me
laugh, doll.” His eyes narrow and he makes sure his voice drips with poison. “The vibe only
changed because I suddenly remembered that I’m sharing my priceless hard-won booze with
an entitled, spoiled brat who kept me up all night, sniveling and snotting and whining like an
actual damn infant.” He snorts. “What a waste of good rum.”

She’s gone completely pale - starting right around the time he’d called her spoiled, and
growing whiter and whiter straight through the word whining. His stomach sinks, but he
shoves the feeling aside and raises a brow at her, sneering with a mouthful of teeth.

Always go for the throat.

The silence is long. He takes another sip of his rum like he couldn’t care less, watching her
coldly through scornful, half-lowered lids.

“Oh,” she says at last. Then again, “Oh.” She chews her lip and gives a tight little nod: face
still ashen, eyes still wide. “Okay.”

And she turns and heads down the ladder.
  So she can dish it out, but she can’t take it.

  It should make him smug. Satisfied. But seeing that pale, drawn face in his mind’s eye only
  makes his sternum ache. He’s kidding himself, isn’t he? As much as he might hate her, he’s
  giving up on the idea of abandoning her on Conjunction.

  She’s too frickin’ soft.

  He’s going to have to find some place safer to dump her. Xandar, maybe. If he can tolerate
  her that long.

  Unless she wants to be left sooner. Which, after this night, might actually be the case.

  He turns back to the bar, and leans his head down onto the countertop, and curls himself
  miserably around his glass.



Chapter End Notes



    Coming Soon: Chapter IV. Got There First.
    in which our heroes obtain an arsenal and street food.
                                       Chapter 4: Got There First.
Chapter Summary



      in which our heroes obtain an arsenal and street food.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Jolie is grateful when she’s able to make it down the ladder without reacting too much. She’s
   had a lot of practice at anchoring her pain inside, after all. So she holds herself very tight and
   very tall, careful not to let anything beyond her initial hurt show in her face or body as she
   collects her night shirt and heads to the shower stalls.



   As soon as she steps inside and adjusts the sound waves, her hands start shaking.



   What was that?



   She’d been wondering since that very first day on the Eclector if he was hiding what he was
   capable of, and every moment since she has been proven right. He can understand her words.
   He can fly like a dream. He can, apparently, dismantle any wayward machine he is able to
   find, and reduce it to parts.



   So the talking isn’t that surprising.



   His voice had been deeper than she might have expected, but she hadn’t been able to really
   focus on it once her brain registered what he was saying.



   Oh.
She hadn’t expected him to find her the other night, and certainly hadn’t expected him to
share those quiet sad moments with her. It had been, she’d thought, an actually beautiful
moment of connection and understanding, in a bittersweet way. He’d seemed to have been
having a rough night too, and it had been clear from the first moment she saw him that he’d
lost far more than she ever had, through no fault of his own. She had tried to be careful, to
not let her grief spill onto him too much - but apparently, she’d failed.



But it isn’t her fault he’d decided to sit with her in the dark. She hadn’t asked him to stay.



It doesn’t make her feel any better, or any less vaguely, hauntingly guilty.



She scrubs at her skin half-heartedly before giving up and just letting the compressed sound
waves beat against her with thudding pressure. She is wrung-out, and so exhausted. Hadn’t
they had a good day, by most accounts? Hadn’t they had a pleasant flight, and shared a
delicious drink, and enjoyed a near-escape that had given them a good shot of adrenaline
without anyone dying? Hadn’t they felt like friends for just a moment?



Or were years of relative solitude warping her mind?



Had she said or done something unkind? She can’t think of anything, but she only just met
him. Maybe she’d pressed some button she didn’t know existed. And what he’d said - well, it
was hurtful, but she supposes it’s better to know how much he dislikes her than to keep…
keep bothering him. Or whatever.



She estimates an hour or more has passed when she steps out of the shower, pats herself off
more out of habit than need, and wraps herself in the old Terran button-down she wears to
sleep most nights.



When she gets to her bunk, she lets herself crumple into bed.



She barely sleeps, but she doesn’t move all night.
++++



In the morning, she finds him still at the bar. It looks like he hasn’t moved all night either,
and sure enough, the Sovereign rum is gone. She says nothing - just quietly drops the bottle
into the recycling compressor in the cabinet, and begins making breakfast.



When he looks up blearily from where his head has been resting on the countertop, she eyes
him consideringly, and pulls out a pan. She’s not hungry herself - nerves have murdered her
appetite in the street - so she just cubes and pan-fries some yaro root, then adds rehydrated
egg-mix and cheese, making a passable skillet: hangover food, or at least the next best thing
with what they have. She washes and fills the two glasses of water and slides both to him,
then pulls a bottle of anti-inflammatories from the cabinet, pops two herself, and casually
leaves the bottle within his reach on the counter.



Tea and coffee are out of the question due to his recent dismantling of the electric kettle - not
unless she wants to force them to spend more time in the tiny kitchen together while she boils
water on the stove - so she grabs a mug of sourberry juice for herself. Through all of it, he
says nothing, and for just a moment she lets herself fantasize that last night was just an
unfortunate dream.



“Let’s head out,” she says mildly. “We can get to Conjunction in a few hours.”



Then she’s moving back to the cockpit, letting him do - well, whatever he wants.



They’re halfway through their abbreviated flight before he joins her, but he’s still not saying a
word and it crushes her up just a little. She reminds herself that, based on his first and only
words to her, she probably shouldn’t expect anything else.



She still doesn’t even know his name.



When they dock at Conjunction, she pulls both the quadblaster and the laser pistol out of the
drawer in the console, where she tends to stash everything she needs for a day’s off-ship gig.
The bola canon is gone - she suspects he took it to his bunk to dismantle it at some point after
their adventure on the Faraday. She also suspects it’s out of ammo.
She turns in her seat to look him in the eye. For a minute, she thinks he’ll refuse even this
acknowledgment, but then he sighs noisily and faces her.



“Whaddaya want?” he asks flatly.



She holds out both hands, one firearm in each. “Take your pick for the day,” she says quietly,
and his eyes flick up at hers before he snags the quadblaster so quickly that it’s clear he
thinks she’s gonna snatch it back. It’s a good choice - the area she’s heading to is pretty
financially distressed, but it’ll probably be safe as long as she looks like she knows what
she’s doing. She suspects he’ll be in the market, where conflict is more likely to happen.



Of course, at this point, she wouldn’t expect anything less of him.



“I’ll need to be here the rest of today, and then probably another rotation and a half - but we
can stay longer if you want.”



“That’s fine,” he says tightly.



“Okay,” she agrees, chewing her lip. She hesitates. “Be careful.”



“Be careful,” he mimics nastily, and she just looks at him tiredly. How did everything get so
fucked, so quickly?



For a second, she thinks he flinches, but then he’s scowling again and heading toward the
airlock. She waits till he leaves before scrubbing her hands over her face, sweeping her hair
into a messy ponytail high on top of her head, and buckling on her supply bags. Normally she
hides her holsters under the baggy, oversized Terran sweatshirts she’s managed to scavenge
in various hauls and markets during her travels - but this is Conjunction, so she makes sure
her firearm is visible.
She places an order for the ship to be refueled while it’s docked, and then she’s heading out,
locking down the Gemma Lynn behind her. She suspects her copilot has already hacked in
and added his own biometrics to the key, but she’s not too worried he’ll return before her
anyway. She can do her best work on this project here on the ship, where she has more room
and more screens and projectors - so she’ll be bringing the job home, so to speak.



It doesn’t take long to get to the residential area where she’s been hired. It’s definitely not one
of the rare, wealthy areas of Conjunction - but that’s part of why she took the job. She can
make a decent amount of units off whatever haul she takes from the Ravager ships and
smugglers, and the commissions she takes from merchants, high-end dealers, smugglers, and
rich people. She tries to operate on a sliding scale whenever she can. As far as Jolie is
concerned, everyone deserves art, and the ability to hold onto someone they love.



The family who accepted her bid is sweet - so sweet. The parents insist on offering Jolie
food, and she doesn’t want to be rude, so she accepts a plum-like stonefruit that she doesn’t
recognize and a breakfast-cup of some kind of sweet lilac-colored tea. They bring out the
remains of the old family holovids they’d been able to keep, and Jolie asks if they want to
join her while she pulls the information she needs.



“It’s not an exact replication,” she says. “When I do this…it’ll be like an electronic painting.
It’s just a representation - it won’t be completely realistic.” She smiles lopsidedly. “But it
always seems like the image is truer if I get to know the people I’m trying to reflect.”



They agree, and soon they are laughing and telling stories about each brief clip she’s able to
capture and clone on her palm-sized data disk. The kids - one almost an adult, and two that
are quite a bit younger - look, at turns, fond and somber. She laughs with them and asks
questions of her own to prompt more of their warm memories, and if at some points things
get a little sad and quiet, that’s okay too.



She’s used to sadness. She’s sorry for what they’ve gone through - what they continue to go
through - but she’s grateful she can be with them in it.



Maybe it was worth coming out to far edges of this stupid galaxy after all.



It only takes maybe half the remaining day before she has everything she needs. The family
tries to offer her a baked orloni-and-yaro dish, but she smiles and waves them off. “I’m
having dinner with a friend,” she laughs, and of course it’s a lie. Unless she counts the
holovid clips in her data disk as friends.



“A rotation and a half,” she promises, and now one of the parents pulls her into an impulsive
embrace, and the older kid is trying to act tough but they keep having to scrub at their eyes.
“A rotation and a half,” she repeats, her heart aching a little bit with fullness.



She leaves the neighborhood and weaves through the outskirts of the market, stopping at a
street food stall to try some kind of grain wrap, stuffed with ground orloni and a cabbage-like
slaw she’s never had before. The spices are delicious. When she gets back to the Gemma
Lynn, she sees it’s already been refueled, and she sets up shop in the common area, dimming
the lights.



Six projectors on the floor in a crescent. She parks herself in its arms and slides her palm-
sized disc into a datapad, opening a holovid multiplayer and selecting the clips she wants to
use as reference for now. The two furthest projectors on each side suddenly shoot up with
columns of pale, flickering light.



A Luphomoid child, maybe just on the verge of adolescence, smiles out of all of them.
They’re all different moments, just one- and two-second clips, caught stuttering over and
forever.



Then she opens the damaged file. It’s only five minutes long, but it’s five minutes more than
they currently have.



Jolie begins her work.



++++



When she finally wraps up for the night, she realizes that time has gotten away from her - as
it often does when she’s doing this kind of thing. It’s grueling labor and her spine snaps like
bubble wrap when she stretches back against the edge of the sofa from her place on the floor.
Her fingers ache when she eases the stylus out of them, and the insides of her eyelids feel
fuzzy.
It’s deep into the dark hours of morning, and she realizes her copilot isn’t back yet.



Jolie frowns.



He might be regularly plotting her murder - especially since last night - but she’s pretty sure
he was planning on coming back to the ship to sleep. She doesn’t think he plans to stay on
Conjunction any longer than he needs to. When he’s been in the cockpit, she’s seen his eyes
on the stars, searching the sky for forever, and she doesn’t think he could possibly mean to
stay planetside for long. Maybe that means he’s bought himself a ride somewhere, or met up
with people he actually wants to travel with. Or maybe he was just planning to stay out for
the next few rotations, till it’s time to leave.



She’s not trying to dwell on how much he hates her company, but she’d be lying if she said it
didn’t sting.



Her initial assessment of him - as extremely likable - hasn’t changed. He’s probably the
smartest person she’s ever met: clever, creative, brilliant. She’d already have wagered he’s
witty as hell, even before she’d learned firsthand how quick and biting his commentary could
be. And almost every expression she’s seen on his face since she met him - mostly variations
on annoyed and outraged - has been a fucking vibe.



She tells herself there is no rational, logical reason she should go look for him. He’ll probably
only be more irritated if she does stumble across him somewhere.



But.



She doesn’t know what kind of funds he has, and as far as she can be certain, he only has the
quadblaster on him. After catching the final seconds of his grand exit from the Faraday , it
seems likely that he can hold his own in some level of combat - or at least get away - but
obviously, he’s been caught before. By the Yondu clan - or whoever brought him to them -
and by whatever evil monster had enacted that brutal surgery on him. The High Evolutionary
Hisself, Taserface had said.
If someone on Conjunction knows or finds out about the bounty on his head…



“I’m just going for a walk,” she murmurs to the empty room. “Just…to stretch my legs.”



She’s not even bothering to really try and convince herself.



Despite the hour, the streets of the market are still loud and boisterous and questionable.
Everything is shady as hell, but that doesn’t particularly bother her. She’s no warrior, but
she’s held her own before.



And it’s all still very pretty. And alive. There are strings of lights winging between buildings,
making bright canopies and flying buttresses over the streets. There are lanterns made from
paper and wire that are too complex for her eyes to follow - though she’d love to get her
hands on one and admire the craftsmanship up close - and bright neon signs reflecting in
puddles of forgotten booze and oil. The bricks in the pavement are patterns of six
interlocking hexagons, and she hasn’t seen that kind of masonry anywhere else - frankly, she
loves it. They remind her of jump-points, honeycombing across space and time.



A couple times, someone tries to stop and sell her some black market hallucinogens, but she’s
able to brush them off with a vapid smile and a steady pace. The more dangerous characters
won’t be so obvious out here, and they’re more likely to be meeting someone specific than
looking for random prey.



Mostly, she reminds herself, and lets her forearm press against her holster just to remind
herself that the pistol and dagger are still there.



She’s starting to get anxious, even though she knows - she knows - he’s probably fine.



He may not want to be landlocked for long, but that doesn’t mean he wants to spend the next
two days with you, she reminds herself again.



But even if it’s true - and it probably is - she just needs to make sure that he’s okay.
There’s the sudden, muffled sound of an explosion - just a few haphazard blocks away, if you
can measure the rambling patterns of the Conjunction black market in blocks - and a few
shrill screams and angry yells. It startles her, and she pauses, trying to pinpoint the noise -
because she doesn’t know how, but she just knows he’s involved.



A flurry of activity spills from an alley a few streets down, and she runs toward it like an
idiot. There’s a cloud of smoke or dust in the air, billowing up and out, and as she gets closer,
her progress is momentarily buffeted by a small stream of people fleeing.



When she breaks into a ring of gathered spectators, she finds an open-air bar that looks like
the scene of a brawl. Part of the canopy has collapsed; the masonry of the wall is crumbled
and glowing, like it’s been hit by a meteor. The ground is littered with broken bottles and
booze and chunks of slag-glass and burning brick, and in the center of it all is her dear
copilot, brandishing a firearm that’s easily as big as he is.



Where the fuck did he get a laser cannon?



She blinks, trying to process everything. And she realizes that, holy hell, he is yelling.



She hadn’t heard a peep out of him in the first few days of their time together, but right now,
he is yelling very furious words, in the harshest and deepest and angriest voice she’s ever
heard.



And he is violently drunk.



“Keep callin' me rodent, tough guy!” God, his throat must be raw with the force of his
bellowing. How does such a small body have such a lung capacity?



Whoever he’s yelling at must have fled by now, or is hiding in the tattered crowd. Jolie
pushes her way to the edge of the circle, one hand reaching out, palm up. “Hey,” she says, her
voice as low and gentle as she can make it. “Hey. It’s me. Are you okay?” It’s a stupid
question, but she doesn’t know what else to say.
He half-spins toward her, his eyes flaring in the hanging streetlights. His lips have peeled
back from his teeth and she thinks,



oh, this is when he rips my throat out.



He doesn’t seem to register her presence though, in spite of the fact that she’s eased her way
into the open ring, almost crouching. He wheels around and for a moment, she thinks he’s
going to clock her in the head with the side of the cannon, purely by accident.



“I’m not gonna let you all sit here and make fun of me!” he roars into the crowd.



“Hey,” she murmurs softly, still half-crouching and cautiously edging closer. “Hey. Nobody’s
making fun of you.”



Now he does see her. “He called me rodent! And the bartender called me a rat! And a thing,
and an it!” His eyes go narrow, and his ears are flat to his skull. He bares his teeth, snapping
his jaws in her general direction - so hard and fast she has to fight herself not to flinch. “And
you!” He sounds betrayed. “You think I’m just some stupid joke too!”



“What?” she whispers, feeling her eyes widen with shock.



“You do!” He brandishes the enormous firearm. She’s not sure how he gets louder, but he
does. “You called me love and darling and handsome and friend - “ each word is dripping in
sarcasm, in high-pitched mockery “ - like you think I don’t know you’re laughing at me!” His
voice cracks.



Oh.



She’s even more of an idiot than she’d already realized.
“Well, I didn't ask to be made!” he rages, and his voice starts to wobble and then goes fully
ragged, like he’s torn the inside of his throat. “I didn't ask to be ripped apart and put back
together over and over and over and over and - and turned into some - some kind of freakish
little monster for you to buy as a pet!”



Jolie feels like she’s been cracked right through the sternum. She takes the last two steps
toward him. Her knees hit the broken brick road hard but she barely notices.



The fur on his face is damp.



“Hey,” she says softly. “I don’t think you’re a monster. Or a joke. Or a pet. I swear I don’t. I
swear I don’t. I’m so sorry I made you think that.”



For a second, his eyes focus on hers - really focus - and it looks like maybe she’s getting
through. But then someone from the crowd mutters something - she can’t even hear what it is
- and someone else snickers, and that’s it.



“Let's see if any of you losers laugh after five or six good shots in your frickin’ faces!” he
roars, swinging the laser cannon around and taking aim.



Jolie can no longer see the wetness in his fur because she is staring right into the quadruple-
barrel cannon, and it is only inches from her nose.



Someone gasps in the crowd and the remaining people around them scatter. It’s all fun and
games until someone gets brain matter on their clothes, Jolie thinks from a great distance,
and all she can hear is the thud of her own heartbeat.



The silence is long. The bar has completely cleared out, and of course no-one else is coming.
People stay away from this kind of scene on Conjunction.



She holds very still, staring into the four barrels. She can hear him breathing, and she sees the
cannon shift - just a little - like he’s suddenly uncertain.
Very slowly, she lifts her right hand, lightly touching her fingertips to the side of the firearm.
It’s still warm from the blast that hit the building, but it doesn’t burn, so she gently guides its
aim away from her face.



He lets her.



When she can see him again, he looks so miserable it breaks her heart all over again. His eyes
are downcast and his shoulders are heaving with the force of his breathing. He looks
exhausted and inconsolable, and he smells like too many kinds of booze to name.



She wants to wrap her arms around him. She wants to tell him she can’t remember ever really
thinking of him as an animal, not since those very first few seconds on the Eclector - and
certainly never ever a monster. She wants to say that she’s meant every nice thing she’s said
to him. She wants to scoop him up and carry his sad, drunken ass to his bunk, and stroke his
fur till he sleeps.



Instead, she stays on her knees in the street, the broken glass digging into her skin and the
spilled booze soaking into her leggings.



And she waits.



Finally, he lifts his gaze and looks at her, eyes bleary and ears drooping.



“Hey,” she says again, her voice as soft as the shadows around them in the alleyway. “I came
looking for you. I was worried.”



He doesn’t say anything, but the laser cannon lowers, aimed at nothing but the hexagonal
pavers for now.



“Do you want to come home?” she asks gently, and he nods.
“Then let’s go together,” she offers simply, trying to make her voice into a balm. It takes
another long moment of stillness between them, but then he reaches back and clicks the laser
cannon into some kind of magnetic holster on his back that she hadn’t even registered was
there until now.



It only takes a few steps to realize he’s not going to make it. Between the alcohol and the
abrupt departure of what she’d imagine was a lot of adrenaline, he’s lurching. She pauses,
and then kneels again in the street.



“Okay, dude,” she says tenderly, and taps her fingers to her opposite shoulder. “Hop on.”



He stares at her for a minute, drained and confused and forlorn, until she taps her shoulder
again. For a moment, he stares at her like he’s trying to parse through some very complex
equation, but then he gives up and climbs up onto her back.



She lifts herself to her feet and leans forward a bit at the waist so he can lay along her
backbone - as if she were giving him a piggy-back ride. He’s heavier than she expected - the
laser cannon, she figures, and maybe all the metal she’d glimpsed on his body that first day -
but he isn’t so heavy that she can’t make this work. She locks her hands in at her hips to give
him a little more leverage with her forearms, and tries to adjust herself under him in a way
that will make his weight more bearable. His clawed toes prickle into the leather waistband of
her holster and the flesh of her hip, through her sweatshirt. It almost tickles, and she shivers a
little. His hands grip her shoulders: one fisting in the fabric of her sweatshirt, and the other
wrapping around her bare upper arm.



They walk for a long time, and she thinks he might be sobering up, just a little. Eventually, he
leans into her, easing his weight evenly along her spine. His long nose buries slowly into the
crook of her shoulder. She feels his breath stir the strands of hair that have escaped her sloppy
ponytail, and she is suddenly very aware of his sharp teeth next to her bare throat.



She suspects that - even drunk - he is aware of it too.



He tilts his head and lays his cheek against the nape of her neck instead. His hand in her
sweatshirt grips a little more tightly, and the other one disappears from her bare shoulder. A
second later, she feels the sharp little claw trace the skin next to the exposed strap of her
sports bra, where it curves over her shoulder. A soft huff of breath skates over the flesh of her
back.



She might blame it on the void left behind from her own adrenaline rush, but the light touch
makes her shiver again.



“Thanks for not shooting me in the face,” she says at last, softly, partly to distract herself. He
grumbles something indecipherable into her skin and hair, but she knows he’s heard her.



When they get back to the Gemma Lynn, she considers setting him down. She’d bet he’s
steadier on his feet now. But he hasn’t said anything and she’s not going to bring it up, so she
just carefully climbs down the ladder with him still on her back.



She opens the door to his bunk, and it’s her first time seeing what he’s made of the room. It’s
currently only illuminated by the half-dimmed corridor lights, but she can see countless
electrical and mechanical bits and pieces, everywhere she turns. Contraptions - no, treasures
he’s been making.



Well. She’d figured he was something of a genius. Everything in her somehow goes even
softer, and she crouches next to the shelf bed so he can climb onto it without ever even
touching the ground.



As soon as he’s sitting, he begins the lengthy process of disarming himself. She hadn’t
thought beyond the laser cannon, but it becomes exceedingly clear that he’s packing an entire
arsenal now. He lines each piece up at the head of the bed, within arm’s reach: the quad
blaster she’d given him this morning is now joined by two more; there’s a couple of
electroshock batons, two ion cannons, a few daggers she’d noticed were missing, and a
handful of grenades. He unlocks his armored chestplate and removes his belt, which is heavy
with pouches of items she can’t even guess at. He starts to slide out of his jumpsuit before
thinking better of it, and rolls fully-clothed into the nest of blankets he’s made for himself.



She moves to stand up, and he says, “Wait.”
She looks down at him, eyes soft. “I’m just going to get you some water,” she says gently,
then tilts her head thoughtfully. “And maybe some painkillers. I’ll be right back.”



“Wait,” he repeats, doggedly, his back still to her. And then: “You said you’d stay with me.
You said, f’I wanted you to return the favor.”



Christ.



If she’d thought she was going to escape this night with any of her heart left intact, that hope
is fucked. She swallows and nods. “Okay,” she says tenderly, for what must be the hundredth
time in the last day, and sinks down to the floor beside the bunk. “Okay. I’m not going
anywhere.”



And that’s the end, as far as she’s concerned. She’s already thought the sentiment at least a
dozen times since the Eclector but now, whispering the words to his back like a vow, it might
as well be carved into her bones.



And she’s fine with that.



She perches her chin on the edge of the thin mattress, watching him, and then hesitantly
reaches out. Gently, gently, she massages his head at the base of his ear.



He recoils from her fingers, holding himself tense, but she doesn’t pull back - she just stills,
and waits.



“Is this okay?” she asks softly, and circles her fingertips tentatively through the surprisingly
silky fur there in small, careful strokes.



The silence is long enough that she starts to pull away, but then he whuffs out a muffled
“yeah” and just…melts into the bed. It’s only a few moments before he’s breathing in quiet,
purring little snores.
His fur is softer than she would have ever imagined.



She leaves her hand on his head even after she’s sure he’s asleep, and she turns sideways,
propping her other forearm up on the mattress and resting her head in the crook of her arm.



She has no plans to move until morning.



++++



The first time Rocket wakes up, he sees that the door of his bunk is still open. The corridor
lights are fully bright, leaking in to slick the floor with a pale trapezoid - which means the
Gemma Lynn is on its wake rotation.



He ain’t ready to be awake though.



He can see the crown of Jolie’s head, pillowed on her elbow, and streamers of glossy hair
puddled on his mattress. Is she sleeping on the frickin’ floor?



Her other arm is outstretched toward him, hand curled - palm up - next to his chest. He drags
himself around it, to the edge of the bed. He can see her legs curled beneath her, crumbles of
gravel and glittering glass clinging to her knees. Still fuzzy-headed and itchy-eyed, he
hesitates - and then reaches out to stroke the top of her head, just once.



The second time he wakes up, she’s gone. There are two glasses of water waiting for him on
the edge of his desk-become-workbench, and a bottle of inflammation-reducers. When he
looks down, there’s not a trace of glass or grit, and he just knows she meticulously collected
every bit of it out of some misguided desire to protect his feet.



Shit, he thinks flatly.
He remembers most of last night, for better or worse. He remembers stocking up on about
half the firearms and supplies he wanted - today is supposed to be the day for big artillery. He
remembers how pissed off he was, and he remembers the jackass bartender. Normally he
would’ve just been a jackass right back, maybe robbed the cash register when the dickhead
wasn’t looking - but he’d already been screwed up since the weird awful half-fight with Jolie
the night before. Too many drinks and too much bullshit from strangers and too much hating
himself and -



He’s pretty sure he’d blown a hole in a building.



Well. It wouldn’t be the first time.



At some point in all that, she’d found him, her stupid eyes all big and soft and - worried. He
was pretty sure he’d heard her knees hit the brick road - she’s gotta be bruised - but the order
of things gets pretty mushy after that.



I don’t think you’re a monster, she’d said. I came looking for you. I was worried. Do you want
to come home?



Thanks for not shooting me in the face.



He groans. He had, after all, nearly shot her in the face. Maybe he wouldn’t have pulled the
triggers - he likes to think he wouldn’t have - but it doesn’t matter. Because all she could’ve
known in the moment was that he’d had a face-melting laser cannon leveled square to her
head, and she’d had no reason to trust that he wouldn’t mow her down.



And in spite of that, he’s pretty sure she let him ride her shoulders back to the ship anyway,
nose buried into the side of her neck and tangled hair, teeth not an inch from her pretty throat.
He thinks he remembers that she let him trace a line over her bare skin with his grotesque,
mangled fingers.



He’s also pretty sure he repaid her by making her sleep on the floor to keep him company.
Okay, she’d said readily. I’m not going anywhere.



“Shit,” he says, out loud this time.



He’s overwhelmed by the idea that he’s doomed to fuck this up, but what is this anyway?
There is no this, not that he can think of. Everything feels like it’s slipping through his
fingers, faster than he can even pick it up. His head is killing him, but he’s not sure how
much of it is actually because of the alcohol. He takes the painkillers and drinks the water,
grabs a clean jumpsuit that he’d stuffed in his pocket at the market the day before, and heads
to the showers.



“Get a grip,” he mutters to himself as the sound waves hum around him. He touches the back
of his skull behind one ear, where he thinks she had gently rolled her fingertips against his fur
till he fell asleep.



Is this okay?



What had he called her the other night? An entitled, spoiled brat?



He hates everything right now, but himself most of all.



When he finally drums up the bravado to climb the ladder, she’s just finishing making
breakfast. She looks up at him with an uncertain, lopsided smile, and he frickin’ hates himself
all over again, which makes him want to get mean.



He strangles that impulse, but he doesn’t know what else to do instead, so he just stands there
at the edge of the common room, looking anywhere but in her direction.



“We’re running out of food,” is all she says. “I’m going to need to pick some up before we
leave tomorrow, after I drop off my work.” And she slides out a plate of rehydrated orloni
strips, fresh and crisp. Eggs as usual, and some kind of rehydrated roll she’s smothered in
seasoned gravy and chunks of yaro. She must be really worried about his hangover.
He rubs the back of his neck self-consciously, not moving.



“Hey,” she says softly, and waits till he finally looks up. He’s already wincing, and he hates
himself for that too, but he deserves anything she has to say this morning and he knows it.



But she’s just holding a fork out toward him with one hand, wrist and palm skyward, almost
like it’s an offering. Her voice is gentle, light, and even; each sentence is complete and
distinct.



“Good morning. Today is new. I’m following your lead.”



His eyes skim the line of her inner forearm, the sleeve of her too-big black tunic - a different
one, he realizes, which reads if no one else got me, i know the infinite void of space got me -
up to her shoulder, chin, eyes. He hesitates.



“Call me Rocket,” he says at last.



++++



Some fourteen or more hours later and he’s still remembering the way her smile had lit up her
frickin’ face. She’d tried to hide it but she couldn’t, and it had taken him about fifteen slow
and painful minutes over their shared breakfast plate - watching her try not to show too much
happiness over him just giving her his name, like she’d won something - before he’d realized
that she’d probably never been laughing at him at all over these past days.



Which makes him feel like even more of a jackass. And that really shouldn’t be possible at
this point.



He distracts himself by thinking about how lucrative today has been. He’d snagged a datapad
from the console before he left and, pulling up the tab he’d programmed into her map
screens, he’d been able to snag not one, not two, but three local bounties, all reasonably
priced. The combat goggles he’d swiped yesterday had helped considerably.



He’d visited a few more firearms dealers and scrappers afterward, and soon was carrying a
pretty decent-sized bundle of ion, laser, and electric charge generators, along with plenty of
spare cannon parts. He’d found a malfunctioning directed-energy particle rifle of Chitauri
design, and a necro-blaster that was still in pretty decent condition, though the moron selling
it had no idea what a treasure it was. He’d haggled, stolen, and threatened, and overall, he's
very pleased with the armory he's amassing. He has some designs in mind for a collapsible
blaster rifle and if it works, he's gonna make sure Jo has one, because she can’t just be
rambling around the galaxy like an idiot and not be better-armed than she is.



Not that he’s really letting himself consider how easily his plans have shifted from
abandoning her on Conjunction to dropping her off safely in Xandar to making sure she’s
fully armed before he leaves her behind. And not that he’s let himself consider for more than
a second that he could maybe let her stay. If he thinks about it at all, he knows that keeping
her is going to be more work than it’s worth. He’ll have to spend way too much time looking
after her.



Never mind that she’s the one who’d intervened on the Eclector. And the Faraday. And last
night.



Okay, so maybe she’s done just fine with everything they’d encountered so far.



Of course, the other alternative is that she won’t want to stick around. He’s been even more
of a jackass than usual these past two days.



He’s had to go back-and-forth from the market to the Gemma Lynn a few times to drop off his
goods, and each time, he’s found Jolie, barely budged from where she’d stationed herself on
the common room floor, working with her columns of light. He’d caught a few glimpses of a
Luphomoid kid when he passed, but he’d been careful not to disturb her - she’d seemed so
intent. He’d thought she was some kind of art dealer or smuggler, but whatever she’s working
on now, it’s not that. Forgery, maybe?



It’s late when he makes his last purchase and picks his last pocket - not bad, he thinks
smugly, stuffing the little pistol that throws exploding darts into one of his many pouches.
Content, he stops at an open-air street vendor and orders some zargnut-crusted moonfish. It’s
decent: crispy, warm, a little spicy. The fish is flaky and sweet. He starts to walk away as he
finishes it, but for some reason, the image of Jolie sitting on the common room floor flickers
into his brain. He pauses, hesitates, and then turns back on impulse and orders a second.



As soon as the paper-wrapped fish is in his hands, he stares at it for a full minute, uncertain.



“You good, mister?” the vendor asks. “You’re holdin’ up the line.”



Rocket rolls his eyes and steps aside. “What, you’ve got a raving customer base?” he jeers.
“There’s like two people waiting.” He elbows the big lumpy green guy behind him, voice
crackling with sarcasm. “Get ready for this menu, buddy. It’s five-star quality.”



The vendor glares at him, but Rocket’s used to that - prefers that - so he just sneers back and
spins on his heel, hoisting his bundle up higher on his back and starting the trek back to the
Gemma Lynn.



The broad’s probably not even still up, he reasons, glancing down at the fish again. But
maybe it’ll hold till breakfast, and they can split it with eggs.



It’s a perfectly rational, normal thought, but it makes him flinch away for a second, and he
almost throws the second moonfish to the curb on impulse. He stops himself at the last
second, hating how conflicted he feels about a frickin’ fish.



“Screw it,” he mutters at last, and continues making his way back to the Gemma Lynn, street-
food in hand like a half-assed peace offering he kind of loathes himself for.



When he gets there, he’s glad he didn’t ditch the second order after all.



“Have you even moved today?” he asks, and she honest-to-fuck jumps like she didn’t just
actually see him walk in the airlock four feet away from the holovids she’s staring at.
She hums distractedly. “Sorry, what? No. What?”



“Have you eaten?”



Another hum, and she’s shaking her head distractedly. She’s no longer using the stylus - now
she’s zoomed in close on something blue, adding just the faintest touch of lilac with light
brushes of her sensored glove on the datapad.



“Sorry,” she apologizes again, not looking up. “I’m really close to getting this right and if I
do, I can be finished early tomorrow and we can go -” now her eyes focus, and she does look
at him, that still-hesitant smile creeping back over her face. “Well, we can go wherever you
want.” She turns back to her blue beam of light. “Sky’s the limit.”



Today is new, she’d said, and she’d seemingly meant it. He knows there’s no frickin’ way
she’s actually forgotten the way he’d spoken to her two nights ago - but apparently, all he has
to do is not be a complete asshole, and she’ll act like the slate has been wiped clean. I’m
following your lead.



It makes the back of his neck prickle with unease.



He hesitates, then sets down his roll of goods - possibly slightly larger than he is himself -
and hops up on the couch and over to her, fish in hand.



“Eat,” he says, his voice sounding more annoyed than he’d meant it to.



She pauses again, looks down at the moonfish and then up at him. Her gaze has gone all
shimmery.



He rolls his eyes so hard that his whole head rolls with them. “Yeah yeah.” He pitches his
voice high and breathy. “‘Oh Rocket, you do care.’”
She bursts out laughing, so hard that it almost startles him. “Is that how I sound?” she asks,
snickering, and slips off her glove to accept the food he’s offering.



“You sound worse,” he informs her rudely, and she practically cackles. He tilts his head and
considers her. He knows he’s frickin’ hilarious, of course, but most people don’t appreciate
his refined sense of humor. Especially when they’re the target.



She inhales the crusted moonfish though - even though it’s probably gone cold now - and
utters a moan around the crispy meat.



Rocket swallows.



“This is good,” she’s telling him between bites. “I didn’t realize how hungry I was. Thank
you - seriously. You’re a lifesaver, Rocket.”



Who frickin’ knew that buying someone a shitty bite of street-food could be so damn
gratifying?



He shifts a little uncomfortably, then leans back on the sofa behind her. “So what is this?” he
asks, nodding to the column of blue light. He doesn’t really care, but it distracts him and
gives him an excuse to avert his eyes as she sucks the last bit of crushed zargnut off her
fingers.



“Hmm,” she hums, agreeable and maybe a little excited, picking up the stylus. “This is good,
actually. You can tell me what you think.” She cocks an eyebrow at him playfully. “I trust
you not to try and spare my feelings.”



He snorts. “Not really a risk.”



She has the audacity to wink at him again, but it’s not pissing him off nearly as much today.
Tapping a few buttons on the data pad, she zooms out on the four peripheral holovids and
pulls up a new one spanning the center two projections. The vid in the center looks corrupted
somehow, but not in the way he usually associates with screwed-up holos. It’s kind of painful
on the eyes to watch, jittering sharply in some places and seemingly completely absent in
others. He can just see the top left part of a blue-skinned head with shaggy black hair, and a
crown of copper candles on top of it. Occasionally, different parts of the kid’s face flicker into
view, but it’s erratic and incoherent.



“So this is where we start,” she says with a nod.



When he glances at the other holovids, they all show the one kid from different angles, and
he’s able to put two-and-two together.



“You’re patchin’ it up,” he says curiously.



“Eh,” she shrugs. “Not exactly - this data’s fucked. But here’s how far we’ve come.”



Now he really is intrigued.



She brings back up her blue column in the middle, and zooms out.



It’s the kid. It’s clearly the kid. He’s laughing, and there are other Luphomoids - his family,
Rocket suspects - all around him. It’s some kind of celebration, and he’s at the center of it.



“Holy shit,” says Rocket, and whistles. The holovid keeps running - she’s somehow
recovered an unbelievable portion of the sequence. A parent cuts in front of the frame at one
point - the other drops a kiss on the kid’s head, behind the wreath of candles. A toddler
invades the scene, demanding into his brother’s lap. “How did - “
But then he pauses and peers closer, because there’s something a little off, a little softer than a
real holovid. The edges look more dreamlike, and the shadows are somehow more
comforting than dark. Colors blur together in some places, like one thought folding into the
next.



His eyes snap to her. “You made this from scratch,” he says, startled. “You…painted this.”



She’s not looking at him though. She’s watching the Luphomoid family, chewing her lip,
brow furrowed. “It’s not quite right,” she confesses after a moment. “Here - “ and she
rewinds the vid a few seconds.



Rocket stares. He can’t see a thing wrong with it.



“It’s the hair,” she frets. “Right? There should be a sort of -” she makes a weird, sort of
fluttery gesture with her free hand “-movement to it, when he turns - like these strands here
should just be…I can’t quite…” she’s trailed off, distracting herself, studying the sequence
again.



“You’re insane,” he tells her flatly. “How much are you getting paid for this?”



She cringes a little, and his eyes narrow.



“How much are you getting paid for this?” he repeats.



Then she’s smiling at him radiantly, like she thinks she can distract him with that stupid,
sunshine-grin. “Two hundred units?”



His jaw literally, actually fuckin’ drops. He’s not sure that’s ever happened to him before.



“It’s only five minutes of footage,” she says quickly, like she hasn’t just spent at least an
entire day pouring over it. He bets she was doing this all yesterday before she came looking
for him, too.



He wonders if she skipped eating last night, too. And he bets her fingers are cramped and
aching from gripping the stylus for too long. He’s experienced something like that when he’s
gotten caught up in some delicate circuitry for too long, hands curled around a soldergun or
light-cutter until they’ve molded to its shape.



She must see something grim in his face because she’s already making more excuses. “It’s
just - they can’t afford anything else.”



He’s shaking his head, pinching the bridge of his nose between his eyes. “You’re an idiot,” he
says forlornly. “You’re all I have in the frickin’ galaxy right now, and you’re an idiot.”



“But you do have me,” she reminds him, her voice light - almost playful, though he thinks he
can hear a thread of uncertainty in it.



He narrows his eyes. “I’m kickin’ you out of the airlock right after we leave.”



She’s already waving him off like she knows it’s an empty threat. “Between this and the last
two jobs, it’ll keep us in food and fuel till I can hit up a Ravager ship, or another merchant
conglomerate.”



“Why are you doing this?” he laments.



She pauses then, eyes searching his in a way that almost makes him sink back into the couch.
She tilts her head and he can tell she’s debating what to say to him.



Without responding, she turns back to the five minute vid, which is cycling through a second
time. The kid laughs, one parent gets in the way, the other kisses his head, the baby wants to
be picked up. Five minutes of unfettered joy. Even he can feel it creeping in.
It makes him feel queasy.



You could charge tens of thousands for this, he thinks. Maybe hundreds. It’s like a drug.



She pauses the vid, zooms into the kid’s frickin’ hair, and shifts a strand, curling it out a little
at the end. She’s chewing her lip again, pensive. “Do you remember hearing about that
genocidal Titan that ripped through Luphom like, thirteen or fourteen years ago?”



She shifts another strand of hair.



He nods slowly, putting the pieces together. “Yeah. Thanos and the Black Order. They've
massacred a bunch of planets.” He cocks his head at the holovids. “You’re sayin’ they’re
refugees.”



She looks up at the vid, plays this half-second again, and adds a broken thread of copper. Sets
some kind of vector, then another. When she plays the sequence again, it ripples through his
hair, transformed into a glimmer of candlelight.



She hums, zooms out, and stares at the laughing kid. Rocket thinks he might be losing his
mind, because it does somehow look more playful. Happier.



What the hell, he thinks blankly.



She gnaws her lip, still dissatisfied, her eyes studiously on the screen. When she speaks,
there’s something tired in her voice. “They lost him. When they were running. He was
crushed in the streets by one of the Order while their family was trying to flee. His parents
tried to carry his body with them, but...” Her voice trails off, crackling into loss. Then she
absently taps the datapad with the oval nail of her index finger. “These clips are the only
thing they have left of him.” She shrugs, and even though she’s got her eyes on the holovid,
he can feel something inside her shift again.



“People deserve their memories,” she says quietly.
He feels himself go still. Shit.



There’s no point to trying to talk her out of it after she’s reconstructed the whole thing, and he
probably wouldn’t be able to if he tried. He can tell that by her voice. He closes his eyes and
pinches the bridge of his narrow nose once more, because he can already tell she’s going to
be even more of a headache than he’d originally thought.



He sighs. “Two hundred units?” He’s almost pleading.



She casts a little, apologetic, sideways glance up at him. “The next take will be bigger,” she
promises, and tilts her head consideringly. “I can ask for a job with the Collector if I need to.
He always has something for me to do. He pays well and the tasks are…interesting.”



His eyes narrow. He’s heard questionable shit about that guy. “Pays more than two hundred
units at least, I’m hoping.”



She snorts. “With those hazards? He’d better.”



Well. He definitely doesn’t like the sound of that, for reasons he’ll examine later. Maybe.
Probably not.



“You do gotta sleep though,” he tells her irritably, and now she looks back at him, curious.



“Already?” she asks. “What time is it?”



He nearly chokes. “Maybe three hours till morning,” he tells her, and she grimaces, eyes
flicking back to the columns of light.
  “Save it,” he orders. “It’ll still be there in a few hours. And this is already - look, I can tell
  you’re some kind of perfectionalist, but this family ain’t gonna be disappointed, probably not
  even if you’d stopped working on it hours ago.”



  She’s still hesitating.



  “Jo,” he says warningly, and her eyes blink over to his, startled, before she gives up that
  stupid sunshine-smile.



  “Pet names?” she teases. “Are we approved to use those now? Because I am in.”



  He growls, but she only looks more delighted.



  “Bed,” he grinds out, but she’s already chuckling and shaking her head, clicking a few things
  on her datapad and powering down the projectors and multiplayer.



  Then she stands, dips her head in a little acknowledgement, and winks again. “Yes, sir,” she
  says lightly, and heads to the hatch.



  He grabs his roll of gun parts and combat goggles and incendiary devices, and follows her
  down the ladder.



  Yeah. She’s still a moron. But so is he, because he’s pretty sure he’s just screwed himself.



Chapter End Notes



    Coming Soon: Chapter V. Things No-One Has Said Before.
    in which one hero refuses to babysit and the other refuses to leave.
                      Chapter 5: Things No-One Has Said Before.
Chapter Summary



      in which one hero refuses to babysit and the other refuses to leave.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Jolie sleeps in late - more than she means to. Once her eyes flicker open and she realizes,
   she’s rolling out of the shelf-bed, cursing, still barefoot and wriggling into her sportsbra when
   she stumbles out of her bunk. She’s halfway through the hatch before she gets the shirt over
   herself like a hood, blinded by fabric and still clutching her socks and boots with one hand.

   When she manages to emerge - from both the hatch and the collar of the sweatshirt - she sees
   Rocket already sitting at the bar, half-turned to watch her with one brow raised sardonically.

   It also looks like he already has half a plate of eggs and a few round pats of sea-owl sausage
   waiting for her. She freezes, sure she looks like a deer in headlights, before blinking
   cautiously and tugging the hem of her shirt past her midriff.

   “I knew this was gonna happen,” Rocket says, somehow managing to sound both annoyed
   and smug as hell at the same time. He nudges the plate in front of the empty barstool beside
   him, then slides a fork over too.

   She approaches slowly, like it might be a trick, then buys time by adjusting her sweatshirt and
   raking her fingers through her hair. She knows her tendency to both express endearment and
   hide anxiety through the same teasing tone is going to eventually be her downfall, but before
   she can stop herself, she’s echoing his words from the night before.

   “Oh Rocket, you do care.”

   He glowers - but not, she thinks, like he actually wants to kill her this time, and that’s a first.
   The relief cracks open inside her and she grins recklessly, trying to pour all her fondness and
   gratitude into him through her eyes.

   “Thank you,” she adds softly, and takes the plate. She hums in surprise at the first bite, closes
   her eyes, and swallows. “Delicious. You better be careful or I’m going to let you do all the
   cooking.”

   “Not a chance, sweetheart,” he growls, and now she is staring again, frozen with the fork
   half-raised to her mouth, surprisingly-fluffy egg forgotten. Because she knows he’s being
   sarcastic, but the term still takes her by surprise.
And sarcasm or not, she kinda likes it.

He stares back like he can’t figure out why she’s making that face, but she can tell exactly
when he connects the dots, because his brow drops in a scowl and he brandishes one clawed
finger at her.

“Don’t.”

“Okay,” she promises meekly. Wide eyes not leaving his, she finishes transporting the fork to
her mouth. “It is good though,” she adds as soon as she swallows. When she tries the
sausage, she almost moans. He’s seasoned them with something godlike, and they’re
perfectly juicy. “Holy shit, though. You’re like - a really good cook.”

He grunts but doesn’t respond, watching her as she slides onto the barstool. His eyes are
hooded, and she has no idea what he’s thinking now.

“I need to put some finishing touches on the holovid,” she says between bites. “I think maybe
you were right though, and I was getting too lost in the minutiae.”

“‘Course I was right,” he states with a sort of snarky matter-of-factness that makes her smile.
She tries to hide it behind another mouthful of breakfast, but she’s pretty sure his sharp eyes
pick up everything.

Instead, she hums. “It’s my downfall. Twenty hours without food and I get extra-stupid.
Thanks for saving me.” Something flickers in his eyes, and she ignores it in favor of not
annoying him. “So…I’ll try to drop the data disk off in the next - three hours, maybe? And
then I should pick up food and supplies. Any requests?”

“I got it,” he says, and she blinks again.

“Okay,” she says blankly. “Okay.” She tilts her head, studying him. She’s already figured out
that he must have more units available to him than she’d realized, but she hasn’t expected…
well, generosity. “Thank you. Yet again.”

He crosses his arms, almost defensively, like he’s waiting for something. She racks her brain
for what it could be, and comes up empty, so she just focuses on her food for a minute. She
can feel his eyes on her: still calculating, still a little suspicious.

To distract them both, she asks, “Where do you want to go after I get back?” She pauses
consideringly. “Or do you need more time here?”

She glances toward him and - oh, there it is. His whole body has tightened: shoulders raising,
folded arms tensing, teeth gritting.

“I gotta go to the Kyln.”

She pauses. Full of surprises. “Excuse me?”

He sighs, but it sounds equal parts ragged and annoyed. “I got a friend. He’s waiting for me
and I’m not leaving him.” His voice hardens. “I can drop you off in Xandar. Or you can stay
here and find your own way off Conjunction.”

Jolie curls her bare feet against the base of the barstool. He’s serious - she knows that
instinctively. She’s not surprised, though, or particularly worried. She’d wondered if he’d
been planning to take off in the Gemma Lynn and leave her behind for a hot minute now -
though she also suspects that it wouldn’t be quite as cold of an abandonment as he’s trying to
make it sound.

But it doesn’t matter - not really, anyway. If anything, she’s just a little sorry he hasn’t
already anticipated her response. She finishes the food he’s made her, puts her fork down, and
looks at him consideringly, head cocked to one side.

“You know,” she says at last, her voice slow and thoughtful, “I think a lot about what I
would’ve done if we hadn’t been able to get you off the Eclector. “

He stiffens. “I had a plan.” Then he pauses, curiosity clearly warring with impatience on his
face, and every muscle in his shoulders tense. “What would you ‘a done?”

She leans in, dangerously close, her nose maybe a couple inches from his own. His eyes go a
little bigger and she holds his gaze very, very seriously.

“Died trying.”

His eyes get just a little wider, looking up at her, and his ears go down - not angry, she thinks,
but maybe a little alarmed, or confused. She retreats: pulls back, shrugs, stands, and collects
the dirty dish and fork to throw them in the sink, dusting her hands off.

“So, yeah, dude. Let’s go get your friend.”

++++

Jolie can tell that he’s not entirely sure what to make of her words, so she does her best over
the next few days to make it clear that she’s not leaving him. Rocket will have to abandon her
somewhere - or jettison her - if he wants to get rid of her so badly.

He still intends to head to Xandar first, and it’ll be nearly two cycles’ worth of flying to get
there. At first, all of his glances are every shade of suspicious, but she’s pretty sure that over
the quiet span of rotations, they’ve become…almost speculative, instead. Reluctantly
reconsidering.

They settle into a routine - taking turns flying, sleeping. He makes their meals at least as
often as she does, depending on who’s awake first and who’s flying. Most times, they eat
together, hunched over the same plate in the kitchenette or the cockpit - she’s surprised he
didn’t pick up any extra dishware on Conjunction, but she’s not complaining either. So far, he
hasn’t told her to get the fuck away from him, which is nice.

Plus, he only seems to want to strangle her three-fourths of the time now. Progress, Jolie
thinks with a dry half-smile.
At some point, while she’s sleeping or flying or showering, he’s even replaced the igniter on
the second stove burner, and fixed the electric kettle he’d dismantled days earlier. She smiles
when she finds them returned and functioning.

“Thanks for taking pity on me,” she says mildly. “Another day of having to cook and make
coffee on one burner was gonna do me in.”

The corner of his mouth twitches. She thinks his sneers and snarls are turning more into
smirks, though - maybe, sometimes, more mirthful than bitter - and that does something to
her.

“I was just tired of not having decent coffee,” he retorts. “When you make it on the stovetop,
it tastes like shit.”

She doesn’t believe that’s the only reason - not for a second - but she only winks at him.
“Then thanks for saving us both from that particular fate-worse-than-death.”

You’re stuck with me and my irrepressible gratitude now, buddy.

When he’s the one in the pilot’s chair, she tries to ration out their interactions to make sure he
doesn’t get annoyed or feel trapped. She distracts herself: usually by sketching on her datapad
or reading one of the four books she’s managed to find on junk planets. The first is an
electroscreen Kree informational manual for some kind of engine. Dry as hell, but she’d
effectively used it to teach herself to read the language when she’d first arrived in these far-
reaches of the galaxy. Her translator chip is great for spoken word, but pretty useless when it
comes to text.

She muddles through the second two: a handwritten epic on a Shi’ar scroll, and a trashy
Skrull novella on a miniature datapad, respectively. A few times, she knows Rocket has
glanced in her direction and watched her bent over them: a curtain of hair around her as she
tries to parse through the characters and words, tries to grasp how each written sentence
changes with tense and context, and scrawls notes in the little book of recycled scratch-paper
she’s made for herself.

She’s waited for him to make some crack about her not knowing how to read, but to her
surprise, it never comes.

The last book is a treasure: an old Terran paperback, in English, by Stephen King.
Copyrighted in ‘84, before she was even born. She’d never read it on Earth but it still feels
weirdly nostalgic: to see something in her own language and to know it had been popular at
some point. Maybe they’ve even made it into a movie by now.

And sometimes, she just watches Rocket. She tries not to act like a fuckin’ creep, but it’s
honestly a challenge.

He seems more at home in the pilot’s chair than anywhere else she's seen him, and he’s such
a natural with the yoke cradled loosely - almost gently - in his hands. It’s like the Gemma
Lynn isn’t a ship at all, but an animal he’s convincing to love him. Sometimes he glides his
fingers over the control screens: sleek, confident, almost tender - all without looking because
he’s somehow already memorized where each dial and button is on the interface. His eyes are
rarely on the route in front of them. Instead, he tracks passing nebulae and star systems,
constellations and asterisms, planets and clouds of stardust. The way his eyes scan the sky
around them - like he’s always trying to find the edge of eternity - resonates with something
in her. Evokes something in her.

He’s still prone to indecipherable, shifting moods, and raised hackles. His sharp little
comments are hilarious, but they also remind her that underneath it all, he’s insightful -
person couldn’t make such cutting, incisive remarks if they weren’t. She’s careful to make
sure she stays in the range of playfulness that he can tolerate, and not step over that edge into
actually irritating him. She can tell, though, that he’s sometimes trying to stretch his limited
patience for her, or strangle back some mean little comment he thinks might be too cruel -
even if he’s only occasionally successful.

It’s the way he cares that moves her the most. Deeply, and begrudgingly. Like he’d rather
throw himself out the airlock than be that vulnerable. It’s the care of someone who’s lost way
too much: people, yes, certainly - and autonomy. And peace. And hope.

And even then, he can’t help himself but to try to be just a little bit nicer to the annoying
Terran he’s currently stuck with.

All of it fucking melts her.

“I’m so glad you can talk,” she tells him frankly one day, sinking into one seat and handing
him some zargnuts while he flies.

He snickers. “Pretty sure that’s a thing no-one’s ever said before.”

She clucks her tongue. “Knowing what I’d be missing out on is devastating,” she tells him,
only half-teasing, and he slants her a dubious glance. “I like hearing what you think,” she
adds immediately, and a little more earnestly. “I like hearing your opinions. And - “ she
winks “-I like how fucking rude you are.”

He scoffs. “That makes you the idiot then,” he says, but his eyes flick from her to anywhere
else in the room, then back again. To her surprise, she wonders if he’s blushing beneath that
fur of his. She hadn’t intended to elicit that kind of reaction but it’s kind of a delicious
thought. Plus - and she’d never admit it directly because she’s sure it would result in him
immediately dumping her on the nearest hospitable planet - but yeah, the thought of that
crude commentary turning intimate makes her lower abdomen warm and fluttery.

She asks him questions when he seems like he’s in the mood to answer them, or at least won’t
be annoyed by her prying. What do you like to eat? Which planet has been your favorite? Is
there somewhere you want to go?

What do you like best about flying?

Normally she judges the situation well enough that he’s willing to indulge her - sometimes,
he's even hiding a smirk or a flicker of a smile. But with this question, he falters. For a
minute he looks lost, and then morose, and then resentful.
“I dunno,” he says at last, scowling. “What do you like best about breathing? It’s a thing you
gotta do.”

That’s a lie, she thinks - but she suspects it’s one he believes. So she decides to indulge him,
tilting her head back against her chair while he guides the Gemma Lynn through a jump-
point. If her seat was any higher, she knows she’d be swinging her legs like a little kid.

“I like the way it feels.”

“Flying?” he asks flatly, like it’s the most boring answer he’s ever heard. But she shakes her
head.

“Breathing. When I was a kid, and things would get too... intense... I’d, like, disconnect. I’d
get high on panic, in the worst fucking way, and I'd feel like I didn't have anything to hold
onto. So at some point, I learned to hold onto my breath. I'd try to really feel my lungs. I’d
breathe in and picture all the little alveoli expanding - blooming like flowers. I’d imagine I
could feel them. And it would bring me back into my body and make me feel like I was
something real.”

He’s quiet for a long moment. The Gemma Lynn purrs softly as it continues its path through
the galaxy. Somehow - surprisingly - the space between them loses tension, rather than
gaining it. His hands loosen further on the yoke.

“When I fly," he admits slowly, almost unwillingly, "I can go wherever I frickin’ want.”

The silence curls up around them, and lingers. Escape, she considers. And choice.

"What're you thinking about?" he asks, and he sounds wary, almost nervous.

She hums, then breathes out softly and chooses each word as thoughtfully and precisely as if
they were seashells on the beach. "I'm thinking about cages," she admits softly. "And ghosts."
She pauses, hesitates, grimaces. Because if this is a step too far, he very well might toss her
out the airlock anyway. "I'm thinking about how bodies can be prisons as much as they can be
homes."

She feels his eyes snap sideways to her and sees his fingers flinch on the yoke. She doesn't
move - just lets the words rest between them, tenuous and silvery in the dark. Slowly, slowly,
he relaxes - maybe even moreso than before.

“What about you? What do you like about flyin’?”

She blinks. She hadn't expected the sudden question. “Me?”

He rolls his eyes. “Who else would I be talking to?”

She snorts. "You'll think it's stupid."

"Prob'ly."

A laugh tumbles out of her. “Jump-points,” she confesses.
He raises a brow and snickers. “Jump-points?”

She shrugs and grins at him, recklessly. “I’m just a dumb Terran. The first time I saw one, it
changed my fuckin’ life.”

He’s practically cackling at her outright, but she kinda loves it.

“Jump-points aren’t even special. They’re frickin’ everywhere.”

She shakes her head, chuckling herself. “Things don’t get less amazing because they’re
common. I still get excited every time I go through one.” She lifts her hands and frames up
the sky in front of them between her forefingers and thumbs. “You go through this golden
honeycomb-door, and - “ she makes a soft popping sound with her mouth “ - you’ve stepped
past a million years.”

She can feel him looking at her sideways, but she just closes one eye, still studying the sky
between the rectangle of her fingers.

“Jumps aren’t just little hexagons on a star-map. They’re windows through space and time.”
She drops her hands in her lap and feels the corner of her mouth tilt up wistfully. “Impossible
connections made possible. Reach through and maybe you can grab a handful of hope.”

At some point while she was on her little soapbox, he’s stopped laughing, and she can’t read
his expression anymore. It could be pensive, or thoughtful, or bored. Self-consciousness
crawls over her skin.

“Anyway, thanks for coming to my TEDtalk,” she says lightly.

He blinks. “I don’t know what that means.”

“Stupid Terran shit,” she explains mildly. “I’m making fun of myself.”

His face does something, but she still can’t read it. She waits, and he says nothing, so she lets
go and allows the quiet to envelope them again. The ship continues its smooth course through
the galaxy: a little silver marble rolling through dark, glistening water.

She’s surprised by how much time he spends in the cockpit with her even when he’s not
flying. When they switch out and she’s back behind the yoke, he’ll tinker with whatever
brilliant gadget he’s currently working on. Grenades mostly, she thinks, but one time she asks
him about some sort of enormous, double-gripped cannon he’s been messing with, and he just
casually says - this one’s for blowing up moons - and goes back to his work.

Sometimes they sit in the relative silence for hours, broken up only by the soft waves of
music sprinkled with a couple old Terran songs from Pete. She’s noticed how drawn Rocket
is to the tunes. Even though she only has a few handfuls of recordings, he’s played them
more in the past rotations than she has in years. He even hums along while he builds things,
and if she had to choose a most-endearing-trait of his, this might be it. At least, it would rank
in the top five.
Everything seems to rest increasingly easily between them, like an old quilt loved into
softness. She could wrap herself in it.

At some point, Jolie asks him about the friend they’re going to break out of the Kyln. The
friend’s name is Groot, he tells her, and he’s a Flora Colossus - kind of a big tree.

“He don’t talk great,” Rocket explains. “Vocal cords aren’t built for it. So his vocabulistics is
limited to I and am and Groot . Exclusively in that order.”

Rocket can’t help some of the affection that creeps into his voice when he talks about his
friend, and that melts her too. She can’t wait to meet the guy, to see the two of them together,
even if it makes her a little nervous at the same time.

But maybe her favorite rotation is the one where he gets drunk on a giant bottle of Angargal’s
limited batch that he’d picked up while he'd been grabbing supplies on Conjunction. He’s
nowhere near as far gone as he was that night she found him blowing holes in bar walls and
threatening to shoot her in the face - he hasn’t been that drunk since, though she supposes
there hasn’t been much of an opportunity. But he’s buzzed enough to be a little more
gregarious than usual, and he starts telling her stories of his own accord while she flies.
Somewhere halfway through the second tale he even offers her a drink, which she declines
with a rueful little grin.

"I've had Angargal’s before, and frankly, there’s no accounting for your poor taste," she
teases, and he rolls his eyes dramatically, muttering something about the unrefined palates of
humans. Besides, the alcohol content in that shit is high enough for her to probably poison
herself by the second shot.

“Love Angargal’s,” he’s telling her tipsily. “Last time I had it was on Contraxia. You ever
been to Contraxia?” His voice is lilting in a way she’s unused to. He sounds almost playful.

“Once or twice,” she admits with a small smile, watching from the corner of her eye as he
leans back into the copilot’s chair and takes another swig from the bottle.

“You know the pleasure-bots?”

She grins. Even if she hadn’t been to Contraxia, she’d seen plenty of models - both
functioning and in storage - on Ravager ships. “Sure do. Sounds like you're familiar with
them?”

He snorts and gestures vaguely to himself. “Who else is gonna let me touch ‘em?”

She winces. Something in her chest cracks open a little at that, but she doesn’t speak. She’s
pretty sure he wouldn’t believe anything she’d want to tell him, and based on past
interactions, it seems like it wouldn’t take much to tip him from companionable storytelling
to defensive, derisive irritation.

Apparently the question was rhetorical anyway, because he’s already going on.

“But you know, they’re AI - do Terrans know what AI is?” he interrupts himself, curious.
Jolie can feel her expression going dry as she tilts the yoke to the left, then up, steering them
toward their next jump. “More or less.”

“So they’re AI. Usually, their programming is so that they can pick up on customer’s cues
and, ya know, give ‘em their fantasy. That’s all it’s supposed to be."

She nods, keeping her eyes on the sky.

“So I’m sitting at this bar, on like my third gargleblaster - with Angargal’s, of course. And
you know, the Contraxian bars are generous with their pours. So I’m on my third or fourth
gargleblaster, an’ this woman walks in. Comes right up to me. She’s gorgeous. Wide. Plush.
Big, dreamy fuckin’ eyes.”

He sounds almost whimsical in his recollection and it charms Jolie, though she’s wondering
if she should change the subject to spare him any embarrassment in the morning.

“An’ she orders a drink - some kind of ginsky sour or something - and starts talking to me.
An’ I’m annoyed about it - “

Of course you are, Jolie thinks affectionately.

“ - because that’s how I am,” he continues breezily, as if he’s just read her mind, “and she’s
asking all these questions. Why am I planetside? ‘Cause I’m chasin’ a bounty. Do I make use
of the sex-dolls? Sure, all the frickin' time. And visit the sex-workers? Yeah, some of 'em.
They're literally the only people on this damn planet I don't try to steal from. Blah blah blah.

“And then at some point, she starts tellin’ me her sob story, like she thinks I’m gonna care.”
He snorts. “She’s trapped on this planet, right? She’s got nobody. Nothing. She’s all alone in
the universe. Someone’s got power over her and they’re making her do things she doesn’t
wanna do. She won’t say what, but she doesn’t feel like she has any options, you know?
She’s got hopes and dreams. She wants to have friends and lovers and family. She just
doesn’t wanna be alone. So she’s trying to get off-planet, and can I take her? And I figure - I
know this broad’s using me. I’m not so drunk I can’t tell when I’m being used.”

He snorts again and lifts the bottle in a vague toast, and Jolie stays still and quiet, eyes
carefully averted. She locks them on the stars to be safe.

“But I am drunk enough that I figure - what the hell. Let her use me. I can get her somewhere
safe, easy. No problem. Won’t even break a sweat. Won’t even hafta go out of my way.
Plenty of planets and systems that don’t allow trafficking of higher lifeforms. Xandar, maybe.
Belua. Atraxia. She’ll be fine. And she’s so fuckin relieved about it. As soon as we get
starside, she’s telling me how happy she is, how she’ll never go back, how I’ve made her
wildest dreams come true, how I'll always have a friend in her, blah blah blah…” He trails
off, and chuckles dryly into his bottle.

Jolie waits, then asks carefully, “So…what happened?”

Rocket smirks up at her, then abruptly tilts back in the chair and cackles.
“Then I get a transmission from the Golden Peony, and they’re offering me seventy-five
thousand units to pretty-please bring back their newest model of pleasure-bot, who just
wandered off their compound. She ain’t sentient, they say. She’s just really good at fakin’ it.”

Jolie feels her hands tighten on the yoke, even while the rest of her goes soft.

“Ah,” she says.

He’s shaking his head, smirking at the memory. “Could kinda tell, once I sobered up. Frickin’
gargleblasters. Frickin’ Angargal’s, in particular. Maybe shoulda known I’d be the last thing
a woman like that would come to for help. But it was funny, and it taught those dickheads on
Contraxia a lesson or two.”

She tries not to openly flinch at the casual way he dismisses himself. Instead, she asks slowly,
cautiously, "Did you end up taking her back?”

For the first time in his buzzed storytelling, he falters, looking up at her with big, whiskey-
colored eyes. “Well,” he hedges, looking trapped. “I don’t know where the threshold is for
sentience. Who’m I to decide? Those Contraxian bastards in suits say oh it’s just
programming, but everyone runs on programming. What, it’s more real because it’s
biologicalistic? We’re all just frickin’ meat computers.” He scowls. “Plenty of people think
I’m a lower lifeform. And she still seemed sentient, even when I wasn’t drunk anymore.
Weird, but sentient. Kinda felt like I knew her by then.”

God, her heart. This fucking guy. Fuck me, she thinks flatly. I’m so fucked.

“So you dropped her somewhere safe,” she only says.

He grips the neck of the large bottle and studies the label, then nods distractedly. “Little
planet in the Tayo system. Far as I know, she’s still there. She an’ I filed off her serial
numbers and removed her tracker-chip, once we found ‘em.” He sneers. “Whatever. Fuck
those Contraxian bastards. Nobody’s got any business making somethin’ that close to
thinking and feeling, an’ then keepin’ it locked up for no reason.”

She tilts her head toward him so she can look at him more directly as he broods for a minute.
Then he’s shaking himself, and squinting one eye into his bottle to figure out how much of
the dark liquor is left.

“Yeah,” he says, chuckling again - like he’s remembered why he's telling the story in the first
place. “So, uh, that’s how I accidentally stole a pleasure-bot from Contraxia.” And he doesn’t
wait for a response, snickering and moving onto another tale. Maybe, come morning, he’ll
forget he even told it.

But Jolie won’t forget. She’s carved it on her heart. Because here’s what she knows:

That if this advanced AI courtesan was not sentient, then she was taking all her cues from
Rocket’s behavior, and the result was just a person who wanted to be freed from a cage and
have a friend. And, whether she was sentient or not, Rocket - in the absence of concrete
evidence to the contrary - decided it was better to treat that AI like a sentient lifeform and
help her emancipate herself, in spite of the reckless amount of units he could have collected
and the excuses he could’ve made.

Jolie tries to breathe evenly and sit with the shallow ache in her chest, behind her ribs. She
focuses on her breathing and just tries to listen as Rocket talks, because there’s nothing to do
about it now. it’s too fucking late. She’s a fucking goner.

She definitely fucking loves him.

The feelings have been growing since that night on Conjunction - maybe earlier, if she’s
being honest - but there’s definitely no denying them anymore. Later, when she tries to
convince him to go to bed, he refuses - you need constant frickin’ supervision, he tells her, as
if she hasn’t been flying this thing alone for years, as if he hadn’t hidden away in his bunk a
few times before Conjunction, as if they hadn't been taking turns for rotations now - and
stubbornly stays in the cockpit till he falls into a drunken doze in the copilot’s chair. She just
knows it’s going to fuck with his back and neck.

So she peels off her sweatshirt, grateful she wore a tanktop underneath today. Studying him,
she carefully rolls and bundles the soft fabric in her hands.

“Rocket,” she murmurs softly to him. His eyes snap open, hunted, but she was expecting that.
She waits till he looks at her, then keeps her voice small and low. “Your neck's gonna hurt.
Use this.”

She leans across the cockpit to hand him the makeshift pillow and he must still be half-
asleep, because he takes it without a single sneer and tucks it between his cheek and shoulder,
folding his arms across his chest and leaning into it. He's asleep again within moments.

The cockpit is a little chilly without the sweatshirt, but it’s a small price to pay.

She doesn’t even notice when he first wakes up - she’s too busy keeping her eyes on the stars.
It’s been hours, and she’s covered in goosebumps, dancing one finger on the yoke in time to
the alien orchestra playing softly over the speakers.

His voice rumbles through the cockpit like a quiet, incoming storm. “You’re cold.”

She startles a little - jumps - and turns her head to look at him. He’s just watching her, cheek
pressed into the sweatshirt and the edge of the chair: expressionless, and alert enough that she
knows he must've been observing her for a while. His eyes flick over her, then jerk back up to
her face. “You’re cold,” he repeats, but this time there’s an intensity to it, a warning.

“Did you sleep all right?” Jolie asks, and frowns. “Is your neck okay?”

He scoffs, and straightens, catching the sweatshirt in one quick hand and chucking it at her
face. She yelps, batting the soft fabric into her lap, and he says only, “You’re a frickin'
moron.” Then he slides out of the copilot’s seat, stretches, and heads off the bridge for some
water and a shower, muttering something like “gotta stop givin’ fuckin’ reprobates the
clothes right off 'er back.”
It’s toward the end of the second cycle, with Xandar just a rotation away and a plate of
rehydrated fruit between them in the cockpit, that Jolie finally asks what his plan is for
getting into the Kyln. Rocket has been making off-handed comments throughout the entire
journey, and she knows he’s been plotting. She's tried to be patient, watching as he pours over
blueprints and old security records. She's pretended not to notice when he'd started eyeing her
consideringly, even though it had brought relief sweeping through her. Finally, Jolie thinks.
She knows he’s still weighing out whether he should try to leave her on Xandar - good luck,
my dude - or take her with him and Groot. She’s been trying to figure out how to convince
him not to leave her behind, but if she’s reading his carnelian eyes right, maybe she won’t
have to do much convincing after all.

However, she’s more than a little alarmed when he mentions that he’s planning on getting
arrested. He must see it in her face, because his ears flicker in an expression she hasn’t quite
figured out how to place yet.

“That seems counterintuitive,” she ventures tentatively, and he smirks. She likes seeing him
smug and satisfied with himself, so she hates that she’s skeptical and knows it’s showing on
her face. It doesn’t seem to phase him though - like he’s used to people doubting him. The
thought alone makes her wince.

“I figure - why waste time breaking in, grabbing Groot, and breaking back out?” he reasons
with her, then snickers. “If I do this right, I can get the Nova Corps to do half the work for
me. Besides, I have more experience organizing escapes from the inside than the outside.
Inside, I can get a clearer idea of what we’re dealing with, and I’ll get to talk directly with
Groot. Trust me, it’s better.”

“You’re not worried they’ll turn you over to the High Evolutionary?” she asks quietly. His
eyes do tighten up at that, but he waves a clawed hand carelessly.

“The Nova Corps are a bunch of goodie-goodies. Even the eviler bastards who guard the
Kyln are too loyal to their stupid code to ship me off somewhere else.”

“Good and loyal,” she echoes grimly. “So naturally they want to throw you into their own
cage, rather than someone else’s. Sounds fashy as hell.”

He grins a little at that - sharp-toothed and mean, but it’s not directed at her. If anything, he
seems like he’s excited for the whole thing.

She sighs. “Okay. So - how are we getting arrested?”

His eyes widen at that, and then he’s bursting out in that loud cackle, brimming with ridicule.

“We? Please,” he says scornfully. “You ain’t exactly suited for a mission like this, princess.”

“Should I be insulted?”

“You’re gonna take some cute little short-term art-gig in Xandar -”

“Oh, there it is. There’s the insulting part.”
He huffs a breath of air, rolling his eyes as he reaches for the screens and pulls up a starmap
that shows both Xandar and, further out, the Kyln. The difficulty he’s run into, he explains,
is making sure the Gemma Lynn doesn’t get impounded. If he could drop it somewhere
secure, with someone he trusts, and hitch a ride back to Xandar for the first stage of his plan,
he feels certain he and Groot could steal a Nova Corps starblaster once they actually escape,
and ride that out to wherever the Gemma Lynn is stored. But Rocket doesn’t have any allies
or friends, and he doesn’t currently have enough units to buy the kind of loyalty he wants
right now.

She can see where he’s going with this, just like she can see his shoulders and jaw tighten as
he goes. His hands grip the air as he gestures along with his explanations. She steps in easily
as the tension creeps into his voice.

“Luckily for you, my loyalty comes extraordinarily cheap,” she interjects cheekily, and
winks.

For a moment, he looks utterly nonplussed, ears falling flat and palms falling open. Then he
drops his hands, eyelids lowering to half-mast.

“Yeah?” he asks drily, his eyes hooded and unreadable. “What d'you charge?”

She shrugs and reaches for the first thing she can think of. “Make sure you get out and come
back to me.”

He blinks and something ripples through him, but then he shakes himself, crosses his arms,
and raises a brow. “You always undercharge for your services, sweetheart?”

She shrugs again and hazards a grin at him. “Depends on who’s buying.”

He sighs. “We’ll land in Xandar. You’re gonna go do whatever art-shit you normally do while
I make my way to the Kyln. Then, in two rotations, you’re gonna set coordinates for this little
rock.” He pulls in on the star map and taps a tiny satellite caught in the Kyln’s orbit - or
maybe the Kyln is in its orbit. Hard to tell. “We’ll meet you there, probably in a starblaster.
You’re not gonna wait longer than six hours. If you don’t see us by then, you leave. No need
to get caught snoopin.’”

“Rocket,” she says.

He takes one look at her and shakes his head. She can tell he’s already at the edge of his
patience. “This is too touchy for me to be babysittin’ you. You probably don’t even have
enough of a record to land you in the Kyln anyway, no matter what you do to get yourself
arrested.”

“Rocket.”

He bares all his teeth, sharp and hard. “I said no.”

And it doesn’t bother her. Well, it does, but she’s pretty sure she’s got a lock on him. She
makes her voice as soft as she can. “Rocket,” she coaxes. “Look at me.”
He scowls, still studying the map. “What ?”

She reaches out very slowly, so he can see her coming, and drops her fingers, quick and light,
onto the back of his forearm before floating them away. He whips his face to hers, but -
surprisingly - he doesn’t snap his teeth at her. His eyes shutter, and his expression goes flat.

“Rocket,” she says again, solemnly. “If you don’t meet me on that rock, I’m coming in for
you. I’m not leaving you. I won’t do it.”

She waits for her words - the seriousness of her tone - to sink in. When they do, there’s just
the tiniest flicker of something in that locked-down expression of his.

“I mean it. Nothing’s gonna stop me.”

He opens his mouth.

“Nothing , Rocket.”

His mouth closes.

“And,” she adds gently, conspiratorially, “it’ll probably be a lot harder to babysit me at that
point.”

He snorts derisively then, and she counts it as a win.

“So let’s not find out, okay?”

“Yeah, yeah,” he says drily, but his voice sounds a little different this time. Abruptly, it turns -
smug. Show-offy. If voices could swagger, his does now. “I’m gonna be fine. I’ve broke outta
prison more’n twenty times.”

“Horrifying,” she replies pleasantly, and changes the subject as she maneuvers them toward
the Xandaran docking field. “You think Groot’s gonna like me?”

Rocket rolls his eyes. “Probably too much,” he tells her, muttering something about “a tree
with a bleeding heart” and “a frickin’ soft-touch.”

++++

Rocket sends her off before he does… whatever he does to get his ass arrested.

“Don’t trust you not to get in the frickin’ way,” he tells her with a scowl. So she heads to the
location of her first job - an assessment on the sale of a small collection of Indigarran
statuettes between two private collectors.

She puts on a pair of gloves to examine the pieces, noting each place where the stone has
been cut, chipped, grazed, and smoothed. She feels the weight of them, scrutinizes the
patterns in the sculpting, the crystal intrusions. Back on Terra, she would have needed a lab to
assess constituent material, mineral alteration, internal structure and homogeneity - but out
here in the more technologically-advanced regions of the galaxy, she can do all these things
with a few scanners and tools from the bags on her thighs. Painfully expensive tools, but the
convenience is unparalleled.

When she lifts the statues in her hands, though - that’s the real payout. The whole reason she
does this kind of work: the connection. Approximately two-million, thirty-thousand years ago
- give or take - some ancient Indigarran held this chunk of translucent jade in their hands, and
they used a cloth crusted with crushed diamond to sand it into shape. That person had a
family - a village - a place where they belonged. People who celebrated their lives and ate
meals together and mourned with them. They had a favorite food, and a best friend, and a
certain kind of weather they liked to be outside in. Maybe they were a morning person, or a
night owl. Maybe they had a favorite song or story. They were just a normal person, with
petty annoyances and heartbreaks and joys - and nothing is left of them but this perfect piece
of art, far from the home in which it was created.

For a moment, Jolie’s hands are holding the same stone that their hands held, with only some
thin cloth gloves and a couple million years between them.

She feels her eyes go glossy with the beauty of it, and she blinks back discreet tears.

“These are authentic,” she tells her employers, “and in impeccable condition. Can I ask what
your plans are for them?”

“Just an addition to my private collection,” the buyer says, waving one hand airily.

Jolie smiles her best dead-eyed, customer-service smile at both of them. “Have you ever
considered surrendering them to the Indigarran Council? They really should be back in
Indigarran hands, in order to be properly maintained, both physically and contextually.”

Both Xandarans chuckle like she has said the cutest thing, and she smiles sweetly and she
collects her payment and she also gouges them remorselessly on fees. And when she's back
on the Gemma Lynn, she sends a private transmission to an Indigarran colleague with some
significant political pull. She suspects that there will be a very public interplanetary lawsuit,
and the statuettes she’s just held in her gloved palms will be back where they belong in a
dozen cycles or less.

But then the transmission is sent, and the Gemma Lynn is painfully quiet, and Jolie has time
to wish she’d never agreed to any of Rocket’s plan.

That isn’t strictly true. She’s touched that he’s so dedicated to getting his friend out of the
Kyln - that place is a nightmare that only the most happily and willfully ignorant can support.
But… she wishes she’d gone with him. She wishes she knew if he was okay, if he’d been
injured, how he’s faring. If he found Groot and has a plan.

Of course she knows he’s capable. He’s brilliant and clever. But the act of not physically
being there with him - the act of just leaving him to fend for himself, alone - it gets under her
skin. She hasn’t torn her cuticles in years now, but anxiety brings her back to the old habits
she’d thought she’d killed. She chews her lip till it feels bruised, and peels the skin around
her nails till her fingertips go raw. She has to bandage one of them before she pulls up her
screens to place bids on other jobs.
The thing about Xandar is that there’s plenty of money to be had. There’s a lot of high-gloss
wealth on this planet, and a lot of people who fancy themselves some kind of art collector.
She’s able to pick up over a dozen other appraisals for single items and small collections, and
since these people are overwhelmingly rich, she has no issues with charging on the higher
end of her sliding scale. With individual households and galleries, she doesn’t generally take
a haul, but she will run up the pricetag in units. Her name is known well enough in these
circles that, if she says a piece is worth forty thousand units, it’s accepted pretty
intergalactically that it’s worth forty thousand units, barring further degradation or damage.

She’s learned to do some basic restoration in some of the more common mediums out here -
and some more extensive restoration with the Collector’s weird shit that no-one in their right
mind would touch. Unfortunately, the currently-available restoration gigs all take more time
than she feels comfortable spending while she waits - biting her lips raw and tearing her
cuticles - to take the Gemma Lynn out to the Kyln.

She banks forty-k pretty easily in one-and-a-half rotations. Unfortunately, a lot of that will go
into refueling and restocking the ship, probably some minor repairs. She may need to replace
parts on some of her scanners soon, too. That night, she tosses and turns. She knows the ship
isn't really any quieter than usual, but it feels quieter. Emptier. Sleep is a distant memory, so
she retreats to the cockpit after a few restless hours in her bunk.

Perched in the pilot’s chair in the cockpit, Jolie attempts to distract herself with a sketch on
her datapad: a perfect procyon profile, with a sloping valley curving from forehead to slender
nose. Streaks of teal and purple stardust, magenta nebulae and foreign constellations. Dark
eyes, fastened to the endless sky. Bitterness, but also curiosity, wonder, regret, awe, and a
kind of grief-strangled desperation. She paints in the sense of urgency she’d felt when she’d
first seen that cage and those scars. She paints in the feeling of each shared plate of eggs, the
crusted moonfish at midnight, the snarky cleverness and rough edges, the look on his face
when he’s plotting or piloting. She paints in escape and choice and flying. She paints in
everything she’s felt in the last few cycles she's shared with him.

Right down to each scrap of her heart that had been wrung out in the darkness when she'd
carried Rocket back to the Gemma Lynn and realized that he was just waiting for her to hurt
him.

Her whole heart still buckles when she thinks about it.

And finally - for now, anyway - she paints in a golden, hexagonal window: a jump-point to
somewhere he can be happy. And safe.

And loved.

Of course he’s okay. Of course he’s okay. He’s too smart, too quick, too creative and violent
to not be. He clearly knows how to take care of himself. Over twenty prisons. Christ. And
this one will be no exception.

“Unless he pisses off the wrong person,” she mumbles to herself, frowning. “Or the wrong
people.”
The sun rises on day two and she showers, rehydrates food she has no appetite to eat, and
sits, ripping at the skin on her fingers while she waits to leave. Her index finger starts
bleeding around the nailbed, and she sucks on it anxiously. She checks the clock, checks the
coordinates, checks the time he gave her.

The minute the clock ticks over, she’s undocking, hitting the air and slicing through each
layer of Xandar’s atmosphere, and then beyond. She navigates smoothly, trying not to rush.

“I know where I’m going,” she tells herself aloud, striving for calmness, “and I have every
right to be there.”

She’s less nervous about getting caught right now - she can play “dumb tourist” well enough;
has had plenty of practice, in fact - but she’s just on the edge of the seat to know her friend is
okay, and to do everything in her power to help however she might be able.

It takes half-a-rotation to get to the Kyln - can’t possibly have a prison in Xandar’s pristine
backyard, she thinks cynically - but eventually, she lands on the satellite Rocket had indicated
on the starmap.

Jolie watches the sky. She watches the Kyln. She waits. She waits. She chews her lips. She
chews the cuticles on her fingers too, until another one starts bleeding.

Her eyes narrow as she squints. Twin buttons of light rise: two small spacecraft. She suspects
they’re Nova Corps starblasters, and she only hopes they’re Rocket and his friend - not jailers
and Corpsmen.

“Right here,” she urges under her breath. “Come to me.”

The two craft hover, unmoving, for long moments. Just as she starts to get anxious - well,
more anxious - a third rises.

“Shit,” she curses, firing up the flight engines. Is it Rocket and Groot? Are they in trouble,
and should she go to them? How will she know?

Something in the Kyln explodes.

The third craft joins almost lazily, and then - amidst the billowing, slow-moving fire - all
three are darting in her direction.

She tenses, wrist resting on the yoke and fingertips on the throttle, chewing her lip. Torn.

And then, over comms, she hears, “Incoming, Jo.” A pause. “Unfortunately, Groot adopted
some strays.”

He sounds so aggrieved - so absolutely himself, annoyed and inconvenienced and vaguely
disgusted - that the relief floods through her palpably, and she laughs. She’s almost dizzy
with it.

“Roger, love,” she murmurs to the empty cockpit. Into comms, she says, “Got it. I’m ready
and waiting.”
She sits with practiced patience, trying not to jump out of her seat when the first starblaster
fastens onto the airlock. She slides the lever allowing admittance, and hears the soft tones and
whirs that mean someone is accessing the control panel.

And then she can hear Rocket’s voice, muffled clanks, and a deep rumble of words she can’t
make out. She lets out a breath. Apparently there have been layers to her anxiety that she
didn’t even know were there.

More clanking, and she watches on the screens as the empty starblaster is released while the
second one nudges it out of the way. The lack of gravity on this little rock provides
assistance, allowing the first ship to shift and topple with minimal effort.

The second starblaster locks in. Presumably, its passengers disembark - more voices,
snappish and annoyed, and the second little fightership is also forcibly undocked.

And finally, the third.

Jolie is tapping the yoke anxiously.The minute she hears the airlock seal up and the third
starblaster is disconnected from the dock, she calls over her shoulder, “Good to go?”

Rocket’s already there on the bridge, just behind her, so close she startles.

“Take off,” he orders, and she does so without thinking, maneuvering the Gemma Lynn
upward, gliding between a bit of rock debris, and heading - well, it doesn’t matter where right
now, just away.

When he slides into the copilot seat next to her and she can breathe, she tells him under her
breath, “I’m so hugging you as soon as I get the chance.”

To her surprise, he doesn’t respond to that - not even with a lip-curl of disdain - and when she
casts a sideways glance at him, she can see the tension around his eyes.

“What’s wrong, Rocket?”

“We need to set a course for Knowhere,” he tells her, reaching over to pull up one of the
screens and set coordinates. “Next jump’s in 12 clicks.”

“Okay,” she says cautiously, watching from the corner of her eye as he types furiously. Her
screen pops up with the coordinates and route, but he’s still entering information she can’t
see. She’d intended to throttle down once they got away from the immediate range of the
Nova Corps patrols, but his tension is renewing her anxiety. She pushes the thrusters forward
instead, adding a little extra speed. “Everything all right?”

“I am Groot,” a voice rumbles from the bridge, and she half-turns.

Rocket had told her his friend was a Flora Colossus, but she hadn’t really known what to
expect. Groot is majestic: hunched under the archway to the bridge, too tall to properly stand
in the cockpit.
  “He says hello,” Rocket offers distractedly, brow furrowed as he reads something on the
  datapad.

  “Hello,” she says to the tree warmly. “I’m Jolie. Rocket told me I might have a hard time
  understanding you at first - I’m sorry about that. I hope to learn quickly.”

  There’s a crackling noise, like the creaking of old trees in the wind, and she looks down to
  find Groot has stretched one long limb toward her. In his branchlike fingers, he’s delicately
  holding the tiniest little flower: white-petalled, with a golden heart.

  Oh, yep. She’s head over heels already.

  “For me?” she asks, smiling over her shoulder at him as she takes the tiny blossom in one
  hand. “That’s very sweet. Thank you - so much.”

  “I am Groot.”

  “Yeah, yeah; she’s a doll,” Rocket mutters under his breath. Something flutters in her chest at
  that, but she ignores it in favor of not pissing him off. He’s too focused on whatever he’s
  doing right now to interrupt him with teasing and frankly, she doesn’t want to sour whatever
  slim charitable feelings he’s having toward her right now. She sniffs the little daisy-like
  flower, and it smells sweet and clean. Jolie slides another sideways smile at Groot and tucks
  the tiny blossom into her hair.

  Still - “I did notice you didn’t answer me,” she murmurs, but doesn’t press it.

  “- you’re not the only one unhappy with this set-up,” she hears someone saying from just
  beyond Groot, where he stands half-hunched on the bridge. “Once we get this thing to
  Knowhere and get paid out, I’m getting my ship back.”

  Jolie starts. She knows that voice. She turns her head to peer sideways over her shoulder.

  “Pete?”



Chapter End Notes



    This chapter feels really long to me, but it's about average. Initially it was all Jo's
    perspective and I added a whole new section yesterday and I've basically done the
    editing equivalent of saying-a-word-too-many-times-so-it-loses-all-meaning, so now I
    have no idea whether this chapter works. woohoooo it's a lot of exposition/internal talk
    so thank you for bearing with me!

    *Gargleblasters with Angargal's are a lift from the comics, where it's referenced at one
    point as being one of Rocket's favorite drinks.
**Post script - I have a lot of feelings around developing sentience in AI. Relatedly,
please do not use AI art and writing generators. They're wholly unethical and extremely
bad for artists and writers and creatives of all stripes (including fanfic writers).

Coming Soon: Chapter VI. Two and a Half Billion Units.
in which we begin to lean into the “they were roommates” trope. Jolie has misgivings,
while Rocket has fantasies - about getting rich, of course.
                         Chapter 6: Two and a Half Billion Units.
Chapter Summary



      in which we begin to lean into the “they were roommates” trope. Jolie has misgivings,
      while Rocket has fantasies - about getting rich, of course.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   When Rocket hears Jolie say Quill’s name, something inside his stomach sinks. It’s a familiar
   feeling - dread, doom, bad frickin’ things on the horizon - but it doesn’t really make sense
   right now. Why does it feel like something shitty is unfolding right under his nose just ‘cause
   Jo happens to have met this idiot? He tries to pummel the weird gut-reaction down, but it
   keeps rising like a stubborn punch-drunk boxer in the ring.



   “You know this jackass?” he demands instead. The words snap out from behind his teeth.
   Each one is a tiny tissue-paper package stuffed with silver fulminate and spite.



   “Jolie?” the aforementioned jackass says, ducking under Groot’s arm and then making
   himself at home in one of the chairs behind her. “Earthgirl! What are you doing here?”



   Quill reaches around the back of her seat to hug her shoulders, and something in Rocket
   coils, ready to ignite. His stomach has dropped and his hackles have raised all at once, and
   his ears flatten dangerously.



   “Heading to Knowhere, apparently,” Jo tells the human male with a grin. Her eyes are
   sparkling and something about that sets Rocket’s teeth further on edge. He grits them hard
   enough to spark, lip peeling back in a silent snarl. “Where’s the Milano ?”



   “Impounded on Xandar, if you can believe that,” the other Terran says haplessly. “Damn
   Nova Corps. I’ll get her back, though. As soon as we sell this orb.”
She turns back to Rocket, and he wrestles his face into something he hopes looks like bored
impatience.



“I met Pete during an assessment on the Eclector - oh, jeezus, like seven years ago? He’s a
Ravager with the Yondu clan.”



“That explains a lot, actually,” Rocket barely manages to bite out. Morons and shitbags all
the way down, he thinks.



“Not so much ‘ with the Yondu clan’ anymore,” Quill interrupts, glaring at Rocket like the
Terran man knows exactly what he’s thinking. “I left.”



“I did hear about that,” Jo responds, grinning. “Striking out on your own?”



The other humie hitches a shoulder. “There’re bigger and better things out here for me,
babe,” he says carelessly, with some kind of tone to his voice that Rocket assumes is
supposed to be roguish.



He bristles. Fumes. Trapped on my own ship with this ungrateful loser -



“Okay, Star-Lord,” Jolie says indulgently. “We got any other passengers back there?”



“I am Groot.”



Gamora is squeezing past Groot, but Jo’s eyes don’t flicker - which means she probably
doesn’t recognize the Daughter of Thanos. Well, that’ll be a discussion that Rocket isn’t
particularly looking forward to. Remember that genocidal maniac who killed the Luphomoid
kid you painted? Well…



“I am Gamora, and I’ll be out of your way as soon as we sell the item we’re carrying so I can
buy a ship of my own. Thank you for putting up with - “ the Zen-Whoberian pauses, and eyes
Quill distastefully “ - him.”



“I am Groot.”



“And I am Drax,” says another deep voice from just behind the bridge, hidden on the other
side of the Flora Colossus.



“And him,” Gamora adds balefully.



“We got two empty seats up here,” Rocket interrupts testily, ignoring the fact that Quill’s
already parked his ass in one. “It’s gettin’ crowded - so if you’re not in a chair, head to the
back. Jo and I will take turns flying. We’ll hit 50 jumps every twelve hours and we’ll get to
Knowhere within about two rotations. Can you all handle that?”



“Hey, I can fly too,” Quill says. It might have been an offer, if he hadn’t sounded vaguely
insulted - which Rocket is of course gonna jump on with teeth and claws.



“I’ve seen your critical thinking skills in action, Quinn,” he shoots back snidely. “No thanks.”



“Rocket does have a point,” Jo offers mildly. “Your problem-solving is a little fucked too,
bud.”



Quill tsks. “Siding with a stupid raccoon over your own kind?” he asks, and Rocket grits his
teeth.



I frickin’ hate this guy.



“I speak the truth when I see it,’ Jolie says without missing a beat. “Also, be careful how you
talk about my copilot.”
Quill’s got a look on his face and a curl of his lip hovering somewhere between skeptical and
derisive. “Yeah, I’ve seen how he can get.”



“Sure,” Jo says casually. “But you haven’t seen how I can get.”



“Quill will stay out of your way,” Gamora rushes to assure the other woman. “Right now, our
focus is just on getting to Knowhere.”



“I am Groot.”



“I said , we need to depopulate this cockpit,” Rocket snaps. “Sit down or get the fuck out. ”



Gamora sinks into the remaining chair, and Drax - still hidden from view - grumbles
something from beyond the doorway. Groot backs out slowly, and finally, there are just three
humanoids for Rocket to try to juggle.



Not that Jo takes much juggling anymore. He’s gotten used to her light jokes and if he’s being
honest, he might have missed the way she laughs at his sneering and jeering commentary
these past few days. Might even have been vaguely - well, not anxious, but skeptical of
whether or not she’d show up as planned. Not even so much because of the escape itself - it
would’ve been uncomfortable, but they could’ve made the starblasters work until they
secured a new ship. But because -



Well. It doesn’t matter. She did show up and everything’s fine, other than frickin’ Quill, and
apparently Rocket has decided not to leave her on Xandar after all, at least not just yet.



“Prep for our first ten jumps,” Jo murmurs, and just a few moments later, they’re bouncing in
the wake of series of points - pop pop pop - and careening out the other side. “So what’re we
doing on Knowhere?”



“There’s an item that we have, and the Collector wants,” Gamora tells her. “He’s willing to
pay four billion units - “
“What,” Jolie interrupts politely, with that deceptively placid expression on her face, “the
actual fuck?”



“ - which we can split between us.”



Rocket watches as Jo’s hands grip the yoke tight. Her fingertips have been absolutely
mangled and bloodied, skin torn clean off around the nails. His eyes dart to her face, all
thoughts of Quill evaporating. Did something happen while he was in the Kyln?



“What is it?” she asks flatly, eyes locked on the stars. “The object, I mean.”



“We’re not entirely sure,” Quill offers up from behind her. “Some kind of metal orb. But
apparently, Ronan the Accuser wants it -”



“Of course he does,” Jo mutters.



“- so we figure it’s best if he doesn’t get it. Plus - money.”



She’s practically glaring out at the sky. “Yeeeah,” she drawls. “Have you seen the Collector’s
shit, Pete? If Tivan wants it - bad enough to pay that much for it - and the Kree want it, then
we gotta get it off this ship. Because it’s not good news.”



“Well, we’re going as fast as we can, right?” Quill reasons.



“The Collector will keep it safe,” Gamora adds. “If you’ve met him, you know how jealously
he guards his collection.”



“I also know he’s one of the most dangerously arrogant old bastards out there,” Jo says, and
Rocket can feel his gut tie up in knots as his eyes dart back and forth between them. He’s
started to trust her judgment a little more than he’s realized, and a little more than he likes,
apparently. Her apprehension is making him apprehensive in turn. “The Collector’s hubris is
limitless. If someone comes for him - someone packing real heat and not just a ragtag team of
thieves and misfits - he’s not going to be ready.”



“Are we the thieves and misfits?” Quill says, sounding insulted.



“I’m not sure I like that characterization myself,” Rocket adds, agreeing with the Terran
jackass for the first time since he’s met him.



“So it can’t be on the ship and it’s not safe with the Collector,” Gamora notes patiently.
“What would you suggest, then?”



“Wait, wait,” Rocket interjects. “I’m not ready to give up on - what, eight hundred million
units? - myself. Jo,” he says urgently, “between you, me, and Groot, that’s almost two-and-a-
half billion units. You could probably spend the rest of your days painting for whoever you
wanted for free.”



He tries to ignore that he’s counting their combined take as if the three of them will be
sticking together after Knowhere. He hasn’t even really decided that yet.



She pauses, looking more confused than anything else. His stomach tightens, wondering if
she’s going to protest the possibility of the three of them being some kind of fucked-up team,
but all she says is, “That math doesn’t seem right.”



“It’s right. Trust me.”



“Aren’t there six of us?”



“Drax doesn’t want any,” Quill pipes up. “More for everyone else.”
She pauses, brow furrowed, and then shakes her head in annoyance. “Not the point. Don’t
distract me.” She chews her lip and sighs. “Maybe - Asgard?”



“Asgard? Like, home-of-the-Norse-gods Asgard?” Quill asks, looking intrigued. “Is that
place for real?”



“It exists,” Gamora says cautiously. “But it’s far. I haven’t been there and wouldn’t know
who to trust.”



“I’ve been there,” Jo cuts in. “I’ve heard Odin has a… history of arrogance too, I guess. But I
know Queen Frigga, and she’s rad as hell. Plus, everything I’ve heard indicates Odin has
been… kinda brought down a peg or two recently? The grapevine says his sons are, uhm -”
she pauses consideringly, trying to be diplomatic. Frickin’ Jo. “- well, a mess, honestly. But I
think the Asgardians might still have a better chance of protecting this thing than fucking
Taneleer Tivan.”



“Two-and-a-half billion,” Rocket urges again.



“I’m with the raccoon on this one,” Quill says, and Rocket shoots him his nastiest look.



“Pete,” Jo warns.



“I also need the payout,” Gamora says, but she sounds concerned now, almost reluctant. “If
I’m going to get away from Thanos, I’ll need units.”



Rocket winces. Shit.



“Oh good,” Jolie says brightly, all sunshine and maybe, for once, pissed. “Thanos is involved
in this too, then. That would be the Mad Titan, right?”
Rocket cringes again, and quickly interrupts before that line of questioning can go any
further.



“Groot will be on our side, as far as taking it to the Collector,” he tells Jo, and tries to make it
sound like he doesn’t care what she thinks. He shouldn’t care what she thinks. He should be
feeling fuckin’ victorious. Gloating. Triumphant. He summons his most self-satisfied, smug,
jackass expression and crosses his arms over his chest. “We got the majority, sweetheart.”



Jolie screws up her mouth. She struggles with whatever's going through that pretty head of
hers, and she looks almost as concerned as he remembers from the night he was drunk on
Conjunction. He feels his ears flick uncertainly.



“The vibes are not good,” she mutters. Louder: “I’m just going to put out there that this feels
like a bad plan.”



“I feel okay about it,” Rocket mumbles under his breath. “I feel very much okay about it. On
a scale of one to ten, I feel two-and-a-half billion.”



She shoots him a sideways glance but says nothing, and he scowls.



At least, I would feel okay if you weren’t making me feel bad about it.



There’s a tense silence, and then she sighs in defeat. Soft-touch, Rocket thinks, half-
triumphant and half-uneasy.



“D’you all need to eat or anything?” Jo asks at last, sounding resigned. “There’s eggs, meat,
yaro, and some Vodani dried seaweed snacks and orloni sticks. A box of zargnut packs, too.
Loads of fruit.”



“I suppose it would be wise to eat,” Gamora acknowledges after a moment. “I am grateful.
I’ll let Drax and Groot know.” She pauses. “Does Groot eat?” she directs to Rocket.
"He can have regular food, when he wants,” Rocket replies. “Mostly just drinks water,
though. Sometimes he snacks on leaves and stuff.”



“I’m good for now,” Quill says, smirking, and Rocket rolls his eyes. As soon as Gamora has
moved beyond the bridge, the Terran man is leaning forward, elbows on knees, pushing his
face between the copilot chairs.



“So is he like, your pet or something?” Quill asks Jolie, jabbing a thumb at Rocket.



Rocket seethes, rage crawling up his throat. “Look, loser, I’m about two seconds from -“



“More like I’m his,” Jolie interrupts mildly, and for a second, Rocket’s brain fully short-
circuits. Actually goes white-blank and staticky. He can't even see.



“Stop needling him, Pete,” she continues, oblivious to the way Rocket’s mouth has snapped
shut as he watches her once his brain comes back online, booting up like some ancient tech
that only exists in dusty museums these days. He can’t even begin to sort through the
thoughts she’s just inadvertently evoked. The images she’s conjured in the wake of those
fuzzy white sparks. “You’re an asshole and a child, and I’m gonna leave you on Knowhere if
you keep this up.”



Quill pouts. “But sis -“



“No buts,” she says sharply. “This is our ship and you know I won’t hesitate to put you out.
Or,” she adds, “send our coordinates to Yondu.”



Our ship.



“Screw you,” Quill gasps, sounding comically wounded and clutching his heart. Rocket
shakes himself out of his distraction and snickers.
“Seriously, though,” the Terran dickhead is saying. “I can help fly too.”



Jo’s got a lot of annoying traits, but Rocket thinks one of the worst is that she never seems to
respond to anything directly. Her voice softens. “I’m sorry about the Milano. You’ll get her
back.”



“With eight hundred million credits, you can afford a newer and better ship than whatever
piece a' junk you had before,” Rocket offers, in what he thinks is actually a pretty nice
reminder, if he does say so himself.



Quill just scowls. “The Milano is mine. And she’s perfect.”



Rocket rolls his eyes.



“Hey,” Jo says to Quill. “It’s okay to be upset.”



Quill leans over again, pushing his thumb and forefinger into his orbital sockets like either
he’s got a headache or he’s gonna cry.



Boo frickin’ hoo, Rocket thinks irritably. My name is Star–Boy and I’m whining over the
biggest fuckin’ payday of my life.



“You still got the Walkman?” Jo is asking, and Quill nods. “Maybe go listen for a while and
get yourself some rest. Then you can work your magic and get some tunes set up for us
tomorrow.”



Rocket’s ears twitch at that. “Music?” he echoes, and both Terrans look at him. Jo nods.
“Pete has some old earth-tech he’s managed to preserve and rig up to play in the Milano,”
she says, and grins. “It’s nothing like you’ve heard out here, lo - Rocket,” she stumbles,
trying to amend quickly, eyes flickering wide and nervous for just a second.



Something in Rocket’s chest tightens, squeezes, drops. He’d be lying if he claimed not to
have noticed that she hasn’t called him anything but his name since the night he’d lit into her.
Not that it matters, he tells himself. All for the frickin’ best, really.



Quill’s eyes flick back and forth between them, and Rocket just knows the jackass is taking it
all in.



“Maybe you’re right,” the Terran man concedes slowly, still watching them measuringly.
“Sleep sounds good. Feels like I haven’t had that in a while. What’s the bunk situation?”



She tilts her head. “Are you and Gamora…?”



Spite bubbles up like one of those fizzy, fermented Xandaran sodas in his throat, and Rocket
fully roars with laughter. He probably leans into it a bit more than strictly necessary, to be
honest - even going so far as to kick his heels against the edge of his seat. The Terran man
glares at him, but then sighs.



“Nah. I wish,” Quill mumbles regretfully. He leans forward, toward Jo, suddenly eager.
“She’s really hot though, right? But she’s also like - very smart. And… intense.”



“She’s a total babe,” Jolie agrees. “I get why you’re crushing on her.”



“What? No! I wouldn’t say - “



“You’re drooling, Quinn,” Rocket informs the Terran man, and then starts cackling again.



“Stop laughing,” Quill protests.
“I can’t help it,” Rocket replies, still making a show of chortling and wiping his eyes. “The
idea’s frickin’ hysterical.”



The humie actually sticks his tongue out at Rocket, like he’s a fuckin' kid. “Real men aren’t
afraid of their feelings, Rocket.”



“Well thank fuck I’m getting lessons from this goddamn specimen,” Rocket deadpans to no-
one, jabbing a thumb at Quill and then resuming his snickering.



Jo rolls her eyes. “You two are gonna be fun. Anyway, Gamora can take my room, and Pete,
you and Drax can take the two with the Murphy beds. I don’t think Groot will fit anywhere -“



“The folding beds?” Rocket interrupts. He still can’t stop grinning. “I know you haven’t met
the guy yet, Jo, but there’s no way Drax is fitting on one of them. He’s twice as wide as Quip
here.”



The Terran in question looks like he thinks he’s been insulted, but isn’t sure how. “Quill,” he
corrects, and Rocket waves a dismissive paw.



She hums. “Then have Drax take my room for now. Pete, you know where the clean sheets
are, right? Get everyone set up? And just ask Drax not to touch my equipment till I get a
chance to clear it out for him.”



Why the fuck does Quill know where the sheets are? Rocket thinks, but doesn’t ask.



“What about Groot?” she asks Rocket, brow furrowed worriedly. “I don’t think we have a
bunk that could possibly fit -“



“He’ll just find a spot to curl up,” Rocket says, trying to bury his questions about Quill and
bedsheets. He's going for a casual, uncaring tone. “The common area or, ‘f he wants privacy,
he might go down to the hold.”



“You’re sure?” Jo asks, and she sounds even more concerned now. Of course she does. “I
don’t want him to feel unwelcome -“



“Not possible,” he says drily. He’s been ready to sing your praises since I first mentioned you
in the Kyln, he thinks.



She hesitates, looking down, and then finally sighs. “Okay.” She pauses. “We good, Pete?
You can show Drax and Gamora where to sleep?”



“Got it,” Quill says. He stands and drops a kiss on the top of Jo’s head, adjusting the little
flower Groot had given her. She reaches up, one-handed, and pats the other Terran’s cheek
absently. For some reason, the whole exchange makes Rocket’s blood sizzle in his veins,
burning his brain.



“Don’t let the captain keep you up too late,” Quill tosses over his shoulder drily, and heads
out of the cockpit.



Rocket pauses, putting a temporary hold on his irritation. “Wait, am I the captain in this
situation?” he asks, and he can hear Quill guffaw as he leaves the bridge.



“Of course you are,” Jolie says softly, ignoring Quill’s departing chuckle and shifting the
yoke slightly. The Gemma Lynn banks just a bit, and Rocket leans into the curve of it. “I
thought that was obvious at this point.”



“You’re killin’ me,” he mutters without thinking, and she just lets out a soft breath of a laugh.



For a moment, they sit in the quiet. Rocket can hear the Terran man talking with the others in
hushed tones, past the bridge and the kitchenette, in the common room. Eventually, their
voices fade as Quill leads them down the hatch.
Quill, who knows where Jo keeps the frickin’ sheets.



Rocket leans against the armrest in the copilot’s chair, twisting slightly so he can watch her
with hooded eyes. He wouldn’t say he’d missed her, exactly. But now that he’s got a minute
to breathe and he can just kind of look at her -



“I’m glad you’re okay,” she says quietly, her voice filtering out into the stars as they fly. “I
was worried.”



The words feel like a delicate knock on his sternum. Can I come in? he imagines her saying,
voice all patient and whispery.



He keeps the door shut.



Mostly.



It is nice to look at her, though. To have her say dumb, pretty things like I was worried and
I’m glad you’re okay when he comes back, whether she means them or not. Dangerous,
maybe, but nice.



He sometimes has to remind himself there’s no way she can be as sweet as she seems. It’s too
easy to think of her as one of those expensive, pretty pieces of honey-filled hard candy they
only sell in a couple rare, fancy sweet-shops scattered on wealthy planets, wrapped up in
delicate foil with lacy edges. A little Spartaxian sugardrop that melts on the tongue.



Fitting that he’s only ever gotten to taste one ‘cause he fuckin’ stole it.



Too bad they have to deal with Groot’s strays for now. At least once they sell the orb he can
be rid of those idiots, and can figure out what the hell to do with her. On the other hand, now
that frickin’ Star-Brat is on the scene…
Ugh.



Rocket clears his throat. “So. Quinn.”



She grins. “Quill.”



“Yeah, whatever,” he says, waving one paw disparagingly. “He’s Terran.”



“No,” she gasps dramatically, and he rolls his eyes. “It’s weird,” she teases. “I think I did
actually notice that.” She winks sideways at him.



“He’s a humie,” Rocket says doggedly, refusing to be distracted.



“Rocket,” she says, confused but still trying for levity. “I know you think I’m a moron but I
am aware -“



“An’ you’ve been friends for a while.” He makes the word syrup-sweet and clingy.



She pauses, and this time, she doesn’t respond. Doesn’t say anything, actually - not for a long
moment. It’s so long, in fact, that his skin starts to itch beneath his fur. He wouldn’t say he’s
nervous, exactly, but -



“I like Pete,” she replies at last, her voice soft. “He’s probably the last optimistic Terran left
in the galaxy.”



Rocket looks at her. That has to be the weirdest, stupidest evasion he’s ever heard. “You’re
kidding, right?” he scoffs. “I ain’t ever met anyone more optimistic than you -“
“No.” She cuts him off with a fond little smile, and leans toward him like she’s letting him in
on a secret. “I’m not really optimistic - I’m just stubborn.” She gives him a half-grin and sits
upright again. “But Peter - his last year on Terra was really tragic and terrible, but he got out
while he was still mostly…hopeful. Innocent.” She pauses. “That’s not really a thing for most
Terrans anymore, at least not the parts he and I are from.”



“He’s an idiot,” Rocket interrupts flatly, then rolls his eyes again. “I don’t even -“ What the
fuck is he trying to say? “I’m just pointing out that you an' him seem to have a lot in
common, so if you think -”



Think what? Think maybe you don’t want a mean little freak around anymore.



For eight-hundred million units - twice as much with Groot - he could give up the Gemma
Lynn and get his own ship, if she didn’t want him hanging around. He’s surprised to realize
he’d consider it, even though he’s been thinking of the Gemma Lynn as his for a while now.



Yeah. Never mind leaving her on Xandar. He could just go. If she told him to.



There’s a long silence, and he gets more and more tense. But she hums her little data-
processor noise for a moment, then breaks into the quiet gently. “Pete is a good friend, in a
kind of…endearingly obnoxious way. He’s been with me in… very bad times. He’s the
annoying, surprisingly supportive brother who I love a lot and always wished I had.” She
slants a glance at Rocket from the corner of her eye, then carefully looks away. “But he’s not
anything other than that.”



He swallows, and just lets himself sit in the ambiguity of her words. Before he can think
better of it, he blurts out, “All I’m saying is, we get this payout, and I’ll get gone if you want.
Just tell me to go an’ I will.”



She whips around to face him so sharply he jumps. Her eyes are big - alarmed - and her
ragged fingers clutch the yoke. “What? No.”



The immediacy of her response - the urgency in it - makes something strange and soothing
flicker in his chest, but he stifles it as quick as he can, and looks away. He knows he still
hasn’t apologized for being a dick to her the night before they landed on Conjunction. She
might’ve forgotten, or maybe she’s just pretending to - but he hasn’t. The stars stream past
them. Minutes spill over the edges. His throat tightens. It’s good to have friends.



Unless, of course, the friend is him.



“I’m selfish,” he says at last, his voice so low he can barely hear it himself. Still, it echoes in
the dim cockpit. “And mean.” He hesitates, and the words rasp in his throat. He forces them
out like ground-up glass. “An' I get all my friends killed.”



He doesn’t know if it’s an apology or a warning, but it’s as close as he’s ever gotten to saying
any of it out loud. He keeps his eyes on the galaxy ahead and the endless night, but he can see
in his periphery that she doesn’t move her head at all - doesn’t turn, doesn’t look at him.



And then her right hand slips from the yoke and reaches out to him, palm up, across the
narrow space between their seats, where his cage had once sat.



“There are a lot of things I want to say to you right now, but you’re not going to believe any
of them.”



The words are so soft when they fall on him. Little wisps of cloud. Warm, fluffy snowflakes.



“So for now, I’m just going to tell you that I’m selfish too, and because of that, I don’t want
you going anywhere I can’t follow.”



His heart thuds once, painfully.



He can’t take her hand. He won’t.



But he does let the fur of his forearm ghost over her palm as he reaches across for the audio
and presses play on her clones of music, keeping the volume low.
++++



A few hours later, Rocket can tell she’s getting tired. He kind of suspects she didn’t sleep at
all the night before, and that means she might even be about as exhausted as he is. Maybe
more.



He’s been staring at her fingertips, bloody and raw around the base of her nails.



“What happened to your hands?” he asks finally, and she just looks at him blankly. “They’re
frickin’ mangled, Jo.”



She glances down at them on the yoke.



“Looks like an orloni stowed away on the ship and gnawed on ‘em while you were sleeping.”



“Oh,” she says vaguely. “When I get anxious, I have a bad habit of…well. I told you. I was
worried about you.”



He makes a little, disbelieving sound. “You did that to yourself?” he asks incredulously.
Because of me?



She flickers a self-conscious smile in his direction, and his voice turns sardonic. “You gotta
get a better coping mechanism.”



She hums noncommittally, with a little smile and one eyebrow slightly raised like she’s
thinking, Who are you to talk? But with, like, affection or something.



He flicks his gaze from her hands to her face and back again. Words are easy to dismiss, but
now he’s looking at what might be evidence of her concern, and he doesn’t like it.
He’s also suddenly, uncomfortably certain that if it were his hands, all chewed-looking and
freshly torn-up, she’d be acting all stupid and fretful. She’d probably insist on washing and
bandaging them herself. And that thought brings a hoard of others on its heels that he does
not want to consider or deal with, so he just closes the door on the whole line of thinking.



Nope.



He distracts himself by leaning over and using one clawed finger to bring up her music files
again, and then selects a new temporary playlist. The sounds quietly thrum into existence
around them.



She makes her little humming noise. “I’m excited for you to hear Pete’s old Terran music,
hopefully tomorrow. I think you’ll like it.” She keeps her eyes on the stars and preps them for
another series of jumps. “I personally think they’re better than this stuff, but I admit I’m
biased.”



Pop-pop-pop. The ship bounces through hexagon windows.



Music recordings are hard to find, and he’s surprised she has as many songs as she already
does. But the promise of something different and new is intriguing, even if he’s a little
conflicted about the possibility of enjoying anything related to Quill. For now, he just listens
to the deep thrum of the Gemma Lynn and the soft, undulating vocals in the speakers.



The quiet between them spreads out just like it had on the way to the Kyln - companionable,
and weirdly comforting.



It’s another hour or so before he notices that she’s watching him from her periphery, and her
lips twitch in a crooked, thoughtful little smile. She makes her processing sound again. Blink
blink, he thinks, imagining a little light flickering at her temple while she whirs.



“What?” he asks when she doesn’t say anything.
She casts him a sidewise look, and her lopsided smile grows wistful and distracted. “I was
just thinking.”



“‘Bout what?”



She’s visibly backpedaling. “Nothing. Nothing. Sorry.”



His eyes narrow. “Liar.”



She hesitates, purses her lips in vague distress, and then admits, “About one of the things I
worked on while you were gone.”



His ears twitch forward in interest. “Yeah? Another holovid?”



“Nope.” She hesitates again. “Just a portrait. And before you ask, it was for fun, not for units.
Though I did make about forty-k out there. If I were the sitting-still type, Xandar might be
the place to do it.”



He snorts, trying to imagine her tolerating Xandaran snobs for more than a cycle without
fleeing the planet.



“No trying to change the subject, " he tells her, and then orders without thinking, "Lemme see
it." He doesn’t normally care for pretty little pictures, but she’s unnaturally talented, and he
finds himself wondering what kinds of things she makes for fun. Abruptly, he remembers the
holovid of the golden girl in the amber field, all knobby-kneed and freckled. He remembers
the way Jo had cried while she watched it.



She sucks her teeth, something like nervousness on her face. “You can pull it up on the
datapad there.” She nods her chin toward the pad lodged in a shelf on the console. “Just…”
she chews her lip, and looks like she regrets saying anything.
That’s what happens when you don’t play it close to the chest, he thinks remorselessly. “File
name?”



She actually flinches. He’s not sure if he’s seen her do that, not even that night he practically
went for her throat. “Um. It’s a pntrx+ file. Fifty-two - sketchpaint - dot - starexpl.”



He searches, pulls it open. The datapad isn’t currently synced to the screens, so instead the
image unfolds on its miniature, built-in projector. He tilts the datapad horizontally, letting the
image splay up in a cone of light - smaller than the columns he guesses she probably meant it
for, but still nearly two feet tall.



He peers through a three-dimensional expanse of painted blue-purple sky, glittering with an
overabundance of stars. Clouds of sparkling cosmic dust and nebulae spin past, and a single
jump-point is open: the view through it leads somewhere else, somewhere golden and warm
and - he can feel it - happy. The universe spins lazily, every glowing pinprick of light rotating
around a smallish lifeform in the center. Its head is in profile, tipped upward, like it can’t get
enough of the open sky.



Rocket is aware that he’s not an art-person. He doesn’t know anything about painting and -
other than being kind of fascinated when watching her work on that holovid of the
Luphomoid kid - he doesn’t really care. Not unless he can make some money from it.



But the first thing he sees in this portrait is that every stroke was put into the screen almost
reverently, like she loved it into existence.



The line of the lifeform’s nose is sweeping and gracefully curved; its jaw is narrow and
sharp. The fur looks soft enough to touch, even though he knows it’s just a projection. The
ears are attentive and forward-facing, and its eyes - when he pulls in close to see the detail -
are full of the reflections of stars. They’re brilliant and shrewd and clever and lost and also,
somehow, full of a sharp and relentless curiosity that verges on insatiable. He recognizes that
cocktail of emotion all too well, and it tugs something in him.



It takes another long minute to recognize the face, though. As a rule, Rocket generally has no
interest in mirrors unless they’re the size of his fingertip and can redirect a laser or channel a
plasma blast. He can’t remember the last time he looked in one, especially not on purpose.



So it takes him a minute to place the pieces together: the dark mask. The bronze-and-
gunmetal fur, reflecting shards of starlight. The sloping, triangular face.



When he does recognize it - when he sees himself - he feels his eyes widen, because he’s
already admitted to himself that there’s no way this was created with anything but sheer,
unadulterated tenderness. It’s practically a lovesong.



And it’s not… there’s not a shred of ugliness in it.



He actually drops the pad in his lap and, before he thinks better of it, his clawed hands
instinctively rise to tentatively map the shape of his own nose. One reaches up further to
check the feel of his ear, almost against his will.



“It doesn’t do you justice,” she says softly, and her voice is all apology, like she’s
embarrassed and worried and maybe a little afraid. “But I like it anyway.”



He looks up at her slowly. She’s flushed from the tip of her nose all the way to the ends of her
ears, down her throat and into the gaping neckline of that Terran tunic. No fur to hide behind,
he thinks fleetingly, but he’d bet she’d hide in the curtain of her hair if she could get away
with it. Her gaze is firmly locked on the route in front of them. She must feel his eyes on her
though, because she gives herself a small shake and quirks an anxious, self-conscious little
grin at him and says,



“I think I’m going to call it, My Copilot When He’s Not Actively Planning to Slit My Throat.”




He looks back at the painting, then back up at her, and he can feel his ears flatten and droop -
not in anger, but under some sort of vast weight : every untapped thing he’s buried deep under
concrete since CounterEarth. It’s a cousin - distant, but related nonetheless - of something
like being seen but maybe also being so afraid of ruining shit. And it’s terrifying and he hates
it and for just a second he’s completely fuckin’ lost and hunted.
She looks stricken then, her eyes turning toward him and widening at whatever she’s reading
in his face and eyes and ears. She takes one hand off the yoke and reaches between their
chairs, toward him. “Hey now, Rocket,” she breathes, “there’s no reason for that.”



Her fingers flutter through the fur on his cheek, and he flinches. She snatches her hand back
like she’s been burned, or maybe like she’s afraid she’s burned him.



He wrangles it all in - this mess of unspooled feelings, all tangled together, that he has
absolutely no name or frame of reference for. Then he coughs a little, ignoring her as well as
he can, and taps the image to close it before he has the chance to look at it any further, to give
it any additional thought.



“M’not gonna slit your throat,” he mumbles, because it’s the only thing he can think of.



She hums. “But sometimes you want to,” she teases, offering him an escape hatch.



Like always.



He takes it anyway, and glowers.



“Don’t I have enough to deal with right now, without your heckling?” he asks, and she yawns
in response. When he glares at her, her smile turns gentle.



“I suppose you do,” she concedes softly. “I know you said Groot brought in the strays, but I
think that you’re secretly a leader.”



He scoffs, but she’s scrubbing at her eyes, and she switches out a hand on the yoke so she can
roll her other wrist. His eyes narrow.
“Time for my shift,” he says, and then cocks his head at her. “Where were you gonna sleep,
anyway?” He tsks. “Givin’ up your bunk for Drax -“



“Oh. I figured I’d probably just sleep up here,” she offers apologetically.



He winces. “In the chair?” He knows firsthand that’s the path to a major backache.



She looks around, at a loss. “I mean, I was gonna sleep on the couch, but - “



He grimaces. “Don’t think that’ll be much better.”



She shrugs and slants him that stupid wink. “Limited options, my dude.”



“Better option would’ve been to - I dunno - not give up your bunk,” he can’t help but point
out, and she chuckles and spreads one hand wide, like it’s a moot point.



“You need anything before I go?” she asks. “You won’t be too tired without someone to talk -
“ and then she cuts herself off with an enormous yawn.



“No,” he says drily, flicking the piloting controls over to his side of the console. “Get outta
here and lemme have some frickin’ peace n’ quiet.”



She chuckles. She doesn’t just leave, though. When she gets up, she maneuvers the scant
space between chairs, and her hand touches his shoulder - rests there, fingers skimming the
top layer of his fur.



He surprises himself by freezing instead of flinching this time, and her hand draws away,
reluctantly.
“I’m glad you made it,” she says again, lightly enough, “and that I didn’t have to come in
after you.”



He snorts, but she doesn’t move. He doesn’t move either, his eyes on her reflection in the
glass ahead of him. She’s superimposed on the windshield like a ghost on the stars.



“You’re important to me. Do you know that, Rocket?”



“You’re gettin’ sappy,” he manages to grumble after a moment, and almost immediately
regrets it. But she’s unfazed as ever. Her hand hovers fleeting over his shoulder again, almost
stroking - like it’s an instinct she’s actively fighting - and then slides away again.



She backs up.



“I’ll be out in six hours, but send Groot or someone to get me if you need a break sooner. Do
you need anything before I go? I can make you some coffee, or food.”



He suddenly doesn’t want her to go after all. If she didn’t look so tired…well, the Gemma
Lynn is full of strangers and idiots, and Groot’s probably asleep. It wouldn’t have been bad to
have her stay with him for a while longer.



“Uh, I do have a question, actually,” he says, and then grimaces. Idiot, he berates himself.



“Mmm,” she hums, and turns back to him. “What is it?” He feels her leaning on the back of
his chair, her forearms draped over the headrest right above him. It’s tension-inducing - to
have someone behind him like that. But he reminds himself that this is the little moron who
emptied out her entire bank account for him, waited on an abandoned satellite for him, gave
him the literal shirt off her stupid back, shared her food with him - right on the same frickin’
plate.



The likelihood that she’s gonna stick a blaster in his back is probably low.
He hesitates. “Quill called me a raccoon,” he says to the windshield in front of him. He can
stare at her reflection in it, like a ghost superimposed on the stars, but she doesn’t react at all
to his statement. “So did you.”



“Mmmhmm.”



“You said it was a Terran animal. Smart.”



Her brow furrows quizzically. “D’you want to know more about raccoons?”



“It’s not - “ he scowls at her reflection. “M’not a raccoon.”



“Okay,” she says easily, stifling another yawn with the back of one hand.



“You’re not gonna fight me on that?”



He watches the faint outline of her shrug. “It’s hard to really think of you as…any kind of
animal. It always has been. Besides, you remind me of a raccoon, but - you are different.
Plus, we’re in space. For all I know, there’s a planet out here somewhere full of people who -
I don’t know - look like ducks or something.”



“How do I remind you of a raccoon, though?” he asks, persistent.



“Mm, I don’t remember what I said before, but you look kinda like one. Big differences in
your stature, and how you stand and move. And Terran raccoons don’t talk - at least, they
don’t talk the way you do. But they’re really curious, and super-resourceful. They figure shit
out and they’re smart. I mean, they’re not as smart as you, but who is?”



She gives a tired, lopsided smile into the windshield.
He mulls over that for a minute. “You like them? Raccoons? It’s not…it’s not a bad thing?”
He hates that his voice sounds uncertain, and he bares his teeth to make up for it.



She blinks, and he can feel her do that thing where she gets all soft above him.



“I mean,” she says cautiously, “personally, I love them. A lot of Terrans do. They’re
associated with, like, cleverness, adaptability, and … a kind of unapologetic authenticity.
They’re scrappy, and they’re survivors." She gives him another teasing wink. “They charm
the shit out of most people.”



His eyes narrow, and his lip curls a little, and she puts her hands up in that too-familiar
gesture of surrender.



“I’m not lying,” she says with a sudden seriousness, “and I am not making fun of you.”



“Quill says it like it’s a Terran insult,” he snaps back, and she snorts and leans forward on the
back of his chair a bit, making it tilt slightly. She rests her chin on the headrest, right above
his ears.



“Pete’s an idiot,” she tells him matter-of-factly. “A lovable one, but an idiot nonetheless. He
left Terra over a quarter-century ago when he was eight . He has no idea what Earth is like.
He doesn’t know about… about social media, or the climate crisis, or…or the increasingly
rightward spiral of his home-country’s political system. He doesn’t know about school
shootings.”



Rocket blinks. “School what now?”



“I don’t wanna talk about it,” she says cheerily. “It’s absolute fucking nightmare fuel. But to
your point, raccoons are arguably one of the few good things left on Terra, next to mint ice-
cream and an increasingly nihilistic sense of humor. So yeah, maybe Pete’s insulting you -
but the word itself is not an insult.” She softens, and drops one hand from where it’s resting
on the headrest of his chair. He keeps an eye on the reflection as her fingers skate close to the
space between his ears, then pull back. “I am not insulting you,” she adds quietly, like it’s a
promise - and then she promptly ruins the solemnity of the moment by smashing her hand
against her mouth to stifle yet another yawn.



He tries not to wince, and opts for scowling at the windshield instead. “Yeah, yeah,” he
mutters, and falls silent, chewing over her words thoughtfully.



“Anything else?” she asks softly, waiting with seemingly-infinite patience.



For a second, his brain scrambles to think of another question he can ask, but then he sees her
reflection as she tilts her head to rest her cheek on her forearm, like she’s going to fall asleep
on her feet.



So he puts a halt to that inclination as soon as possible, and grits his teeth instead.



“I’m good,” he says tightly. He can feel her nod against the chair, then stand upright and
begin to turn away. Impulse takes over, and he says abruptly: “Wait.” Dammit, if he stalls
one more time, she’s gonna think he’s losing it. He huffs a frustrated breath of air. “Take the
bed in my bunk,” he orders.



Her eyes widen. “What?”



“It’s fine,” he snaps, more annoyed than he knows he has any right to be. “You’ll be a frickin’
useless copilot f’you’re tired.”



“But - “



He half-turns over his shoulder so he can eye her witheringly. “Don’t be an idiot. You’ve
slept in my room before. And at least the bed’ll be more comfortable than the floor.”



She flinches. “What if…what if you need a break? And want your bed?”
He snorts. “What, and let Quill fly? Unlikely.” He pauses, though, because he can see she’s
getting more and more wound up by the thought of sleeping in his bed and surprisingly, he
suspects it’s not because she doesn’t want to share a room with him.



“I have a hammock rigged up down there,” he says at last. “You probably didn’t notice it
before because it was late, and dark. I’ll sleep there if I need to.”



He pauses again, sizing her up. She still looks torn. He hesitates, then decides to take a page
out of her own book and spin this all around on her.



“Look, sweetheart,” he says, and maybe that’s some manipulation too, because he suspects
she gets soft when he calls her that, even when he’s transparently being a dick about it. “We
got a finite number of bunks. At some point, someone’s gonna have to share, and I refuse to
sleep in the same room as any a’ these dumbasses. I don’t know ‘em, and I don’t wanna
know ‘em. So just do me a favor, take one for the team, and go lay down in my bed.”



Yeah, she must be sleep-deprived. If she wasn’t, he knows there’s no way he’d have gotten
away with that speech - not without her seeing right through it and looking at him with her
big luminous eyes and probably spouting off another oh-Rocket-you-do-care.



Instead, she just nods reluctantly. “Thank you,” she whispers, and hesitates. “You’re sure you
don’t want - “



“Go,” he snarls, and she gets very quiet, all of a sudden.



“Okay,” she murmurs, and trails one hand on the top of the headrest as she slowly turns away.
“I still owe you a hug,” she adds, and her voice is so soft that his ears twitch.



He only responds with a tch and an eyeroll and a “no frickin’ thanks." She chuckles, and her
soft-soled boots pad away into the darkness behind him. What’s a hug worth to him, anyway?
Some kind of waste of energy, a useless gesture of ultimately-meaningless affection - at best.
  And as for her - well, he bets she’s given away dozens, maybe hundreds in her life.
  Thoughtlessly. Too generously for her own damn good.



  He’s gonna have to have a serious talk with her. Convince her to be more careful. Otherwise,
  one of these days, some lowlife will take advantage of that softness, that stupid sugardrop-
  sweetness. Some absolute jackass, a total degenerate, will convince her to wrap her arms
  around him even when she should fuckin' know better. Such an undeserving and purely-
  hypothetical bastard would be starving to take every last little scrap of whatever she's willing
  to give him. He’d con her into holding onto him, wanting to have her body all pressed
  against his - and knowing her, she’d want so much to make him feel good about something
  for once in his miserable damn life that she’d say yes - eagerly - to whatever he frickin' asked
  for. She’d probably let him touch her wherever he wanted, however he wanted, and there's no
  way he'd leave even an inch of her unexplored. He’d be too fuckin' greedy for her, for any
  and every tiny little sound he could coax out of her -



  Is he your pet?

  More like I’m his.



  Rocket swears softly into the darkness.



Chapter End Notes



    warning for the brief mention of gun violence in schools, specifically.

    Coming soon: Chapter VII. I’m Here.
    in which we visit Knowhere.
    (and finally some actually plot development)
                                       Chapter 7: I'm Here.
Chapter Summary



      in which we visit Knowhere.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Jolie and Rocket trade off a few times, overlapping a few hours in the cockpit and snagging
   meals together. Once in a while, they’re able to set the ship to auto-pilot, and that gives Jolie
   the opportunity to check in with Pete and really meet the rest of the new, temporary crew
   once they wake up.



   Drax seems stoic, perhaps, but - she suspects - ultimately soft. There are an abundance of
   miscommunications at first, since Rocket seems far too entertained by the chaos to fill her in.
   Luckily, it doesn’t take her too long to figure out Drax’s literal interpretation of language, and
   she does her best to shift her style of speaking to something more precise. When she’s in the
   kitchenette, quickly rehydrating some fish for her and Rocket to eat before she takes over the
   next shift of flying, the Kylosian leans over the breakfast bar to tell her - for the third time -
   of the deaths of his wife and daughter, and his intention to kill Ronan.




   Maybe it’s the repetition, or something in his tone - quiet, firm, unmoving - but she suddenly
   finds herself overwhelmed by a sense of recognition. She pauses, hand hovering over the
   buttons on the rehydrator, and blinks up at him.



   She’s seen this before. She’s been this before. So fixated on a thing that feels like an answer,
   but isn’t. Her hand floats across space and time before she even feels it move, and she lays
   her fingers on top of Drax’s where his hands grip the countertop.



   To her surprise, Drax breaks off in the middle of his sentence, looks down at her touch, up to
   her face, and then closes his mouth. There’s a moment where they both stand, unmoving and
   unspeaking, and then Drax simply covers her hand with his opposite palm.
He must’ve seen something he recognized in her too, then.



Gamora is - as Pete has described - smart, and intense. She’s practical, righteous, and
focused. She’s also immensely intimidating.



Jolie instantly wants to be her friend.



Jolie’s gotten too good at reading people over the years. It’s a defense mechanism, in a way.
Oldest child syndrome, she’s half-jokingly told people over the course of her life. So when
Jolie looks at Gamora, it takes less than a minute to see a woman who has never had a friend
in her life.



But, Jolie thinks, I bet she wants one.



Gamora is also startlingly slender. You’d think, in a galaxy full of all different, desirable body
types, right down to invertebrates and exoskeletons, a Terran girl could be spared some weird
body-image issues. Nope, Jolie realizes with a grimace: her Terran conditioning remains alive
and well. That’s a me-problem, she tells herself.



Not that it matters anyway. The only person Jolie has had any inclination to flirt with in
almost a decade is sitting across from her in the cockpit and they’re probably only really
friends because she’s been a near-constant and relentlessly-affectionate presence in his life
for a small handful cycles now.



It’s like exposure therapy, she suspects. Or acquiring a taste for mediocre beer.



She’s grown on him in spite of himself.



Jolie tries to piece together what happened in the Kyln, though everyone’s recounting varies
wildly. She’s able to gather that Pete and Gamora were incarcerated at the same time, while
he was trying to sell off the orb to a dealer of fine artifacts and she was trying to steal it from
him. Once in the Kyln, they met Drax - who had attempted to murder Gamora before Quill
had intervened - and Groot, who had decided to defend Quill from a particularly vile fellow
prisoner for some reason unknown to any of them.



Quill and Drax and Gamora might not have known the reason why Groot had decided to
intervene, but Jolie thinks she can guess. It’s simple, really - so simple that none of his
newest companions have realized it yet. It’s only this:



the Flora Colossus is kind.



He is, at his heart, generous, with an abundant softness for things he perceives as smaller and
more vulnerable than himself. Of course, she’s certain that Rocket has recognized this
tendency in his best friend by now, but just in case he hasn’t realized yet that Groot counts
him as one of those vulnerable things, she’ll never say it aloud.



Sleeping in Rocket’s bunk has been an unnerving experience. The first time she’d gone in on
her own, she’d perused his desk with her eyes, keeping her hands to herself. She’d smiled
fondly, fiddling with the ends of her too-long sweatshirt sleeves as she gazed around,
clocking the stock of bagged drinking water on his makeshift workbench, the neat stack of
clean hand- and shower-towels he’d stacked on the shelf by the door, and his makeshift
hammock in one high corner. He’d had a whole arsenal in the honeycomb-shelves lining the
far wall. The room had been cluttered - but shockingly and meticulously organized - and the
desktop had been liberally strewn with creations and machines cobbled together from parts
she often recognized, but whose whole was a mystery to her.



She’d known since the moment she’d met him that he was clever, and soon after she’d
figured he was something of a genius.



But his creativity - that is something special.



Wistfully, she’d imagined the two of them making things side-by-side - imagined getting to
see his quick fingers and quicker mind at work. She makes a mental note to suggest that they
make one of the walls in the common area into a workbench - something at a more
convenient height for him. It’s so well-suited for the purpose - run through with a low shelf,
and plenty of outlets and programmable screens - that it probably originally had been
intended as something of one, and it will give him room to spread out.
Now, her third time in the bunk alone, it still feels strange. To be here, in his space, without
him. She perches on the edge of the shelf-bed, unwinding a couple blankets from the nest
he’s crafted for himself, plumping a pillow and slipping out of her leggings and sweatshirt,
into the old button-down she uses to sleep in.



She's worried.



Because this…this could become habit-forming.



There’s a comfort to sharing your sleeping quarters with someone, to closing your eyes in the
darkness and knowing there’s another warm, breathing, trusted person just a few feet away.
She’d spent most of her remembered-childhood sharing a bed, or at least a room.



Every night now, though - even though he isn’t in the bunk - she can still feel that it’s still his
space. She knows he’s just spent time curled in the hammock. His belongings are shifted and
moved: evidence of another person in these tiny shared quarters.



Her friend.



Her very dear friend.



His bunk has some kind of scent: thick and musky, but not unpleasant. Woodsy. Blue spruce
and fallen maple leaves, mossy logs forgotten in an autumn forest. It’s layered with other
things, too: iron and copper, whatever other deep-space metals he’s been working with. The
syrup of engine fuel. Something thin and bright and clear that reminds her of ozone after a
Terran rainstorm: lightning and electricity.



She curls up in his bed each time it’s her turn to nap, and she sleeps better than she has since
she was a kid.
++++



Knowhere is a mess, but in a sort of comforting and weird way that reminds her of the
seedier and livelier parts of her hometown on Terra. Similar to Conjunction - neon signs,
outdoor bars, string lights swinging over the dusty streets - but not quite as desperate. Not
quite.



She perches on a barstool and watches Rocket, Drax, and Groot gamble on orloni fights.
She’s pretty sure Rocket knows almost exactly when she comes in, because his ears twitch,
and one swivels to follow her movements. She’s not sure how it’s possible he can hear so
well in this noisy place, but eventually he looks up and his eyes zero in on her without ever
having to glance around. He pauses, then turns his attention back to Drax, who is shouting at
the orloni.



The bar serves something that comes in steins as big and wide as her head, and the brown
liquor smells like a blend of old molasses, NyQuil, and nail polish remover. One sip tells her
that trying to drink more than a quarter of the cup will knock her flat on her ass and possibly
corrode her esophagus. Her shoulders spasm as it burns down her throat and she scrapes her
teeth over her tongue, almost gagging on the rotten-sweet-and-acetone flavor.



When she glances up, Rocket is looking straight at her, smirking. He mutters something to
Groot, and then makes his way over to sit beside her at the bar.



“Too strong, sweetheart?” he jeers.



“Too something,” she shoots back. “What is this - rotting syrup and fermented gasoline?”



He gestures to the bartender and soon has his own full stein. He takes a gulp with seemingly
no ill-effects, and Jolie shakes her head in mock dismay.



“Your shirt’s a choice for today,” Rocket says, gesturing to the white lettering on heather
gray, which modestly claims she is microdosing hell by going to work. “Didn’t you say you
work for the Collector sometimes?”
She leans toward him conspiratorially and bumps her shoulder against his, pleased as hell
when he doesn’t even flinch away this time. “And I wear it every time I do,” she confesses,
and winks.



He snorts, shaking his head and rolling his eyes before he takes another gulp from his stein.
But she’s pretty sure there’s something of a smirk in the corner of his mouth.



The excitement at the orloni table dies down, and it isn’t long before Groot joins them, a stem
on his forearm already twisting into a tiny snowflake of a flower. He plucks it and hands it to
her, and she smiles at him fondly as she adds the little blossom to the other three clustered
over her right ear. Groot hunches his bulk daintily on the barstool next to Rocket just as Drax
meanders over to join them on her other side.



Rocket seems to pace his drinks better than she would have expected, and she wonders if it’s
still due to everything that happened when he’d gotten wasted on Conjunction. Conversely,
Drax is on his third stein. As big he is, that’s still a lot of paint-thinner for even his
constitution. He’s a little fuzzy on the edges. His already questionable capacity for
diplomacy seems to be on the fritz, because while he’s talking to anyone who will listen
about Ronan and vengeance and cowardice and honor, he also chooses that moment to say, “I
would not have believed I would be on this journey and that my only companions would be
two useless Terrans, Ronan’s lackey, a tree, and vermin, but - “



Her hackles are up, high and fast. She’s already turning, even as she senses Rocket opening
his mouth to say something incendiary beside her, and then -



The entire contents of her enormous stein find their way into Drax’s lap. He breaks off mid-
sentence, staring at her with a dumbfounded expression, and she can practically feel Rocket
freeze in complete bafflement from her other side.



“Why would you do this?” Drax asks, and he sounds like a wounded puppy.



“Because you’re too tall for me to pour it on your head,” she replies politely. And because it’s
better than Rocket shooting you in the face, she thinks. She leans up to him, pats his cheek,
and lowers her voice to a whisper. “Listen to me. C’mere. Listen.”
He leans into her hushed voice, still stunned.



“Insulting those who have committed to being your allies is dishonorable.”



He gapes. “Insulting allies? I would not.”



“Drax,” she whispers, and pats his cheek again like he’s a puppy. “People generally consider
terms like vermin and lackey to be insults.”



“Oh,” he says, and now he leans back, looking perplexed. “What should I call them, then?
She is, objectively, Ronan’s lackey, and he - ” Drax gestures to Rocket, who’s already
growling warningly, his fur bristling.



“She’s just Gamora,” Jolie interrupts firmly. “Your former enemy, a woman on a mission, and
your current friend. And Rocket is just Rocket, a technical and creative genius, and also -
maybe - your current friend.” She leans in again. “I’m going to give you a little trick , Drax.
A tip. For free, because I like you, and because I know - very intimately - what losing the
people you love can do to a person. This trick is gonna make you happier, and it’s gonna
make you smarter, and it’s gonna make your alliances stronger. You ready?”



He nods, the booze still dripping off his thighs. She braces one hand on the counter and leans
up, balancing precariously on the footrest to buy herself an extra twelve inches of height so
she can press her cheek against his and whisper into his ear.



“Focus on the best aspects of the people around you,” she murmurs. “They’re just as much a
part of them as the things you think are bad. And more importantly, they’re the parts that they
usually need to be reminded of, too.”



He seems utterly nonplussed, but he pats her hand when she drops back into her seat. She can
almost see his brain turning over what she has said. “Thank you, Jolie. Ultimately you are
still weak and useless in a fight, but I appreciate the effort you put into contributing
something of value.” He meets her gaze solemnly. “Did I do it that time?”
She blinks at him, and then the snickers bubble up and she’s laughing and shaking her head.
Drax is still waiting for feedback, apparently, so she trades her empty stein for the full one in
his hand. “Progress,” she tells him, still chuckling. “Yes. And all future lessons will cost you
a drink apiece.” She takes a sip, half-convulses with her entire body, and pulls a face.
“Christ.”



It’s Drax’s turn to laugh then - big and booming - and he pats her hand again. Rising, he
meanders away toward the gambling tables.



“Once again under-changing for your services,” Rocket grunts from next to her, but he’s
watching her with curiosity in those bright eyes. “Why’d you do that?”



“I am Groot,” says the Flora Colossus from just beyond him.



She raises her stein in cheers toward Groot, then shrugs.



“Don’t like to hear the people I love referred to as pests and undesirables, I guess,” she says
mildly, and she notices something flicker in Rocket’s eyes. “What?” she asks, but before he
can answer, she’s taken another sip and is shuddering at the taste of burnt plastic and
something like brown sugar. Her eyes tear up. “Good god, why ?” she asks the galaxy at
large.



He snorts. “Why do you keep drinkin’ it?” He’s clearly entertained.



She stares into the stein forlornly. “I was hoping I’d get drunk enough for it to taste better.
Now I’m thinking that no amount of commitment is going to improve the flavor.” Her eyes
narrow on the tarry brown liquid. “Honestly, I’m starting to take it personally.”



“I am Groot.”
“Yeah, I agree,” Rocket says drily. “That’s probably enough for you, sweetheart.”



She tilts her head sideways and winks at him again. “You know I can’t refuse you anything
when you call me that,” she says, and she could almost swear he gets flustered for a minute.



“I am Groot.”



“Guys!”



The three of them turn. It’s Pete, and he’s beckoning them.



“The Collector sent someone to bring us to him,” he says.



++++



“Nope, don’t like this,” Jolie murmurs when Carina leads them into the main hall of the
Collector’s museum.



Nothing like a horror show to kill your hard-won, foul-tasting buzz.



Rocket leans toward her. “Thought you’d been here before,” he mutters from the corner of his
mouth.



She glances down at her copilot. “Not in the museum,” she says grimly. “He has me come to
a lab - empty except for whatever he wants me to work on - and he provides any of the
materials I need. It’s a pretty sterile environment. This though - “ she pauses as they pass a
glass column with a dog in a spacesuit, and her heart stutters. “This gives me the fuckin’
spooky-ookies.”
Rocket looks up at her, and his eyes narrow. She wonders if he can tell she’s already
considering trying to use her eight-hundred million to buy anything in the Collector’s cages
she can afford that might still be alive. But then he sighs, and turns his eyes back to the path
in front of them. “Yeah.”



She’s wound tight, but his tone and agreement soften her. “Sorry. I’m sure it’s fuckin’...weird
for you too.” Frightening, she thinks. Because it scares her - all these creatures in cages like
glass vials and sarcophagi - and she’s not even anything unique or special. And she hasn’t
been caged before.



Not like this. Not like Rocket has.



Carina is ushering them through the grand room, giving the tour-guide speech, Jolie guesses.
“We house the galaxy's largest collection of fauna, relics, and species of all manner.”



She likes Carina - the rosy-skinned assistant has always been sweet when Jolie has come to
work in the lab before, and Jolie suspects the Krylorian is underappreciated and perhaps even
abused. Jolie has offered to take Carina off Knowhere before, but it’s clear that her boss holds
some power over her.



“Now, may I present to you: Taneleer Tivan, the Collector.”



The Collector is sweeping up, pushing Carina aside and fawning over Gamora’s hand. Jolie
cringes. The Elder believes himself to be a gentleman but he’s uncomfortably handsy, on top
of his weird possessiveness toward literally anyone he encounters - a weird possessiveness
which, Jolie notices, seems to be an extension of whatever makes him feel entitled to cage all
the living things in here. Jolie wishes she’d thought to give Gamora a head’s up - not that the
woman can’t defend herself just fine, but it’s always nice to be prepared for creepy old men
ahead of time.



“Why, I never thought I'd meet a Groot!” The Elder’s eyes light on Groot, greedily, and he
immediately starts haggling for the tree’s corpse. “Sir, you must allow me to pay you now, so
that I may own your carcass. At the moment of your death, of course.”
“I am Groot.”



Rockets looks horrified and offended. “Why? So he can turn you into a chair?”



“Mmm,” Jolie interrupts with a pseudo-thoughtful hum, stepping smoothly in front of her
copilot to face the Collector. “Perhaps we can set down a contract once our business with the
orb is concluded, so both you and Mr Groot can be sure of the benefits you’ll be receiving.”
She makes the mental note to take Groot aside and let him know that she suspects the
Collector is not above orchestrating the deaths of creatures whose corpses he desires.



She can tell Rocket’s already suspected it from the way he tenses further.



“Why, My Little Jolie!” The Collector’s greeting is dramatic, expansive, as if she hadn’t just
interrupted him in the middle of a deal. “How good to see you! I did not expect you to be
involved in these proceedings!” He approaches, arms wide, and embraces her.



She stiffens up, just like she always does, and the Collector pins her arms to her sides like
she’s already wrapped in one of those glass coffins. To Jolie, Taneleer Tivan always smells
like old wine and the dusty wings of dead moths. She catches a glimpse of Rocket from just
around the Collector’s embrace, and he’s looking at her with a half-dumbfounded, half-
disgusted look on his face.



My Little Jolie? Rocket mouths up at her incredulously: ears down flattened, lip curled.
Repulsed, she thinks, but not half as repulsed as she is herself.



She shrugs helplessly from where she’s trapped against the Elder’s chest, and tries to send her
most pained expression back.



Something shifts and hardens in Rocket’s expression. “As touching as this is, whitey,” Rocket
interrupts, half-growling, “we’d really like to get paid.”
The Collector releases her and looks down at Rocket with an intrigued expression she does
not like at all. “Charming,” he utters thoughtfully, and glances at Jolie. “Is this your pet, Little
One?”



She can feel the snarl rising in Rocket as he reaches back and grapples for his gun. She
reaches out, mouth opening - I’m his, I’m his, she thinks frantically - but thankfully, Gamora
intervenes first.



“Tivan, we have been halfway around the galaxy, retrieving this orb,” the Zen-Whoberian
interjects, somehow still sounding gracious and dignified around her urgency, and the tension
eases - just a little.



“What is this thing, anyway?” Pete asks, tossing the orb up in the air and nearly fumbling the
catch. The Collector winces and takes it from him.



“Oh, my new friends,” he oozes, leading them toward some monstrous, mechanized device.
Jolie winces, trying to discreetly brush the feel of him from off her upper arms and
collarbone. Rocket’s watching her, an unreadable look in his eye, and she offers a crooked,
questioning little smile back.



“Before creation itself, there were six singularities,” the Collector says, and sets the orb into
the machine. It appears to be some kind of vice, clamping onto both halves of the orb.
“Then…the universe exploded into existence, and the remnants of these systems were forged
into concentrated ingots.” He breathes heavily, almost lustfully as the machine begins to
leverage apart the halves of the metal sphere. “The Infinity Stones.”



They all watch, listening to the Collector describe the thing’s origins with what Jolie assumes
is a shared and growing horror.



“These stones, it seems, can only be brandished by beings of extraordinary strength.
Observe.” The Collector pulls up a holovid, and in front of their eyes, they watch as giant
creatures brandish the stones, destroying entire planets. “These carriers can use the stone to
mow down entire civilizations…like wheat in a field.”
Pete seems to be on the same page as Jolie, because he immediately says, “I think I might be
peeing myself right now.”



“Once, for a moment, a group was able to share the energy amongst themselves, but even
they were quickly destroyed by it.”



The metal, apparently, is just a shell to be peeled back. Inside, something glows - violently,
blindingly, offensively purple. Looking at it makes Jolie’s brain feel like it’s being squeezed
in her skull. She’s immediately nauseous, till she can rip her gaze away.



“Ahh,” the Collector sighs. “It’s as beautiful as I imagined. Beautiful beyond compare.”



The light shimmers out in sickening, pulsing waves. Even with her eyes averted, Jolie thinks
her head is going to split open, or she’s going to hurl. Maybe both.



“Blah, blah, blah. We still wanna get paid.”



“Rocket,” she murmurs, and her mouth feels hot and sick, “I don’t think -“



“And how would you like to be paid?” the Collector speaks over her.



Jolie looks at Gamora, desperate to make eye contact with the one person who might see her
rising panic and recognize it as a very reasonable physiological reaction to giving this man
such a powerful, destructive object.



“In units, fancy man,” Rocket snaps, and then there is a noise from behind them, from behind
the vice and the stone.



“Carina, stand back,” the Collector snaps, with something as close to urgency as Jolie’s ever
heard in his voice. Her head snaps around to catch a glimpse of the Krylorian woman as she
reaches for the pulsing purple gem.
“I won’t let you hurt me anymore,” Carina says. Her voice trembles, but her eyes are
resolute. “And I won’t be your slave any longer.”



Before Jolie can reach out - can say anything at all, if it would even matter - Groot snaps a
winding branch around her and another around Rocket, and they are all three hurtling through
the air amidst an explosion of purple fire and the smell of hot coals and iron. Jolie lands on
one hip and slides, crushed between Flora Colossus and shards of stone floor - but even in
the chaos, some part of her brain dimly registers that it’s better than being in the path of that
scalding, sickening purple blaze. The momentum carries her forward, dragging her out of
Groot’s grasp, and she collides with the base of one glass cage, her body snapping around it.
Gravel and shrapnel rain down bitingly - she curls and covers her head instinctively.



Her ears are ringing. Someone is hoisting her up - Pete, his fingers anchored bruisingly into
the skin of her upper arm. Her eyes skitter over the wreckage. Where is Rocket? Her heart
stutters, thudding in her ears, but Pete’s yanking her after him and where is Rocket? She
thinks she might be telling Pete that she’s not leaving, can’t leave -



“M’here,” she hears her copilot say raggedly, and she lurches in Pete’s grip, eyes wide and
wild until she sets them on her friend. He’s got dust and debris in his fur, but there’s no blood,
and he seems whole. Her knees almost give out in relief - Pete curses and then Drax is there,
sweeping her up with a disapproving cluck of his tongue and tossing her over his shoulder in
a very undignified way, and muttering something about the frailty of Terrans.



She doesn’t care. She doesn’t care because it seems like they’re all okay, and when they get
to The Gemma Lynn , her own personal autopilot kicks in. She slides into the cockpit, sets
coordinates for somewhere deep and desolate and empty in space, and maneuvers them off of
Knowhere so quickly and deftly that she might as well be a magician.



They’re all piled onto the bridge. They don’t fit, but for once, Rocket isn’t complaining about
it.



“How could I think Tivan could contain whatever was within the orb?” Gamora is saying
from behind her. The Zen-Whoberian’s voice is hushed and horrified.
Jolie does not say I told you so, and she thinks maybe she deserves a medal for that.



“What do you even still have it for?” Rocket demands, and if his voice is a bit more shrill
than usual, she can’t blame him.



As for herself, she already knows she won’t sleep easily tonight. Not even with the coziness
of Rocket’s scent all around her.



“Well, what did you want us to do, leave it there?” Pete snaps.



“Yes!” Rocket shoots back. “Yes, leave it there.”



“We have to bring this to Asgard or the Nova Corps,” Gamora insists. “They’re the only ones
we know of who can contain this, right?”



“We’re wanted by Nova Corps,” Rocket’s reminding her, his voice furious. When Jolie flicks
a glance over at him, he’s not looking at Gamora though - he’s staring at her, looking pissed.



What the fuck did I do? she thinks, and giggles nervously. It’s not a typical sound for her, and
she swallows it in case she sounds panicked.



“Maybe the distance of Asgard is a plus,” she offers up. “If we take it to Xandar, it’s basically
right where Ronan wants it - he just has to get to it.”



“Or,” her copilot snaps, “we just frickin’ give it to Ronan and see if we can trade it for our
lives.” His glare is still so intent on her that she feels it when they slide downward, from her
eyes to her torso, then her chair. “Jo - “



“We can’t give it to Ronan,” she reasons, in what she thinks is a perfectly calm tone of voice.
“Yeah, what are you thinking ?” Pete adds. “He wants to destroy the whole galaxy!”



“Then let him,” Rocket snarls. “What’s the galaxy ever done for you, huh? For any of you?
Why would you want to save it?”



Brought me to you, Jolie thinks, but she’s not so deep into shock that she says it. She can
already imagine Rocket actually fully apoplectic, steam rising out of his ears like some sort
of old Terran cartoon. Instead, she offers up a little shrug.



“We live in it!” Pete’s practically exploding.



Her shoulder’s stinging a little, and her side, but she ignores it. “We can’t just abandon it.
Them. Whatever.” She looks at Rocket helplessly.



“Hear me out,” Pete reasons, turning to Gamora. “Forget Nova Corps. Forget Asgard. I’m
sure if we try, we can find someone nice to give it to, who can protect it, and who’s willing to
pay us a lot of money instead of throwing us back in the Kyln.”



“I hate sayin’ this, but I guess out of the available options, I’m once again with Quill,”
Rocket interjects.



“I am Groot.”



“So’s Groot.”



“I am Groot!” Groot says, with an appalled tone that clearly indicates his friend is lying. Jolie
snorts.



“We cannot allow the stone to fall into Ronan's hands,” Gamora replies sharply. “We have to
take the Gemma Lynn and deliver the orb somewhere we know it will be safe. We don’t have
the time to find that kind of buyer. It must go to Asgard or the Nova Corps.”
  “It’s settled,” Jolie says. “This ship is half-mine -” she cuts a sideways glance at Rocket,
  daring him to argue the point right now “- and I’m picking the flight path this time.”


  She taps in the coordinates, redirects the Gemma Lynn, and banks sharply down and to the
  right.



Chapter End Notes



    Finally, some plot development!

    I'm playing fast and loose with a lot of the travel times, friends. My thought is that
    maybe sometimes one pilot knows a shortcut that another one doesn't, and that different
    ships may travel at different speeds when they're not going through a jump, and that you
    can push your speed by going through jumps more quickly. I know MCU canon says 50
    jumps, but it doesn't give us the timeframe in which that 50 should ideally occur, so I'm
    playing with that - like, there's probably a minimum amount of time (I'm saying
    50/hour) and an ideal timeframe (50/12 hours). Or something. I don't know, I did the
    math back when I originally drafted this but I made up the rules and I'm not sure I kept it
    and also I am bad at math.

    Coming Soon: Chapter VIII. The Care & Feeding of Human Pets.
    in which our heroes practice breathing and we lean into a new trope: “there was
    (technically) one bed.”
            Chapter 8: The Care &amp; Feeding of Human Pets.
Chapter Summary



      in which our heroes practice breathing and we lean into a new trope: “there was
      (technically) one bed.”



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Jolie refuses to let Rocket take over the flight controls, even after it’s been hours and she
   should really be in bed. And to her credit, she’s not shaking or making bad judgment calls on
   their route or anything - not unless you count trying to run to Asgard with this purple bomb
   as a bad judgment call, which he does - but she is kinda bleeding on the chair. Rocket’s not
   sure she’s even noticed that the right side of her tunic’s been torn clean off from the rib
   downward and along one shoulder, held together by threads on that side and sagging halfway
   off her body. He’s also not sure she’s noticed that her leggings are shredded at the right hip
   from waistband to halfway down her thigh. He can see the skin beneath - on both hip and
   shoulder- and it’s raw and oozing, glittering with chips of stone and glass. Some of her too-
   much, too-shiny hair is getting stuck in the congealing wounds.



   Meanwhile, as her blood dries, Gamora and Quill are tending to their bruises and scrapes in
   the common area, Drax is sulking somewhere, and Groot is hovering like a worried mother
   hen on the bridge. All the flowers have been blasted out of Jo’s hair, and Groot is offering her
   new ones faster than she can accept them while she flies.



   “I am Groot.”



   “I’m trying,” he snaps at his friend.



   “I am Groot.”



   “I said I’m trying!” Rocket snarls. “She won’t listen.”
“What did he say?” Jolie asks mildly, and he hesitates. Because she sounds all right but again,
she doesn’t seem to notice she’s sporting a gravel-burn across a fifth of her body.



I’m not leaving without Rocket, I won’t, he’d heard her say when his ears had come back
online. It wasn’t like she’d screamed it, exactly - but her tone had been so ragged and
breathless and bloody-sounding that for a second he’d thought her throat or lungs had taken
damage, and that had scared him more than he’d like to admit.



Throats and lungs are delicate. Especially on humies without metal ribcages to protect them.



Then, when he’d managed to tell her he was there - the look on her face had scared him even
more, albeit in other ways. No-one had ever looked at him with such bone-crushing relief
before, like they didn’t even trust their own eyes and ears.



It had reminded him of someone else, gazing at him with hope and fear and wonder and
again, mostly hope, all in a second before the first gunshot rang out. It had reminded him that
he didn’t deserve anything good at all.



“He says you should let me fly and get yourself cleaned up,” Rocket says flatly, and if he’s
taken some artistic liberties with the translation, who can blame him? No need for her to have
to be embarrassed too.



“I am Groot,” Groot admonishes.



Jolie smiles wryly. “I don’t need to know exactly what he’s saying to know he feels like
you’re misrepresenting him,” she says, and Rocket scowls. She flicks a sidewise glance at
him, and sighs, and says mildly, “I’m fine. Adrenaline is a solid painkiller, and I’m more
worried about you, anyway. You’re sure you’re okay?”



He’d been fully protected by Groot - sheltered from the fire, and the ground, by the branch-
like arms that hadn’t quite managed to cover Jolie the same way. He’s strained and scratched,
but all-in-all, he’d probably actually come out with the least injuries out of their whole crew,
and that kind of makes him feel like a jackass too.



Always the sole survivor, he thinks grimly, and then shuts the thought away.



“Not a bruise or a broken rib,” he says only.



“I don’t believe that,” she returns with a skeptical little moue of her lips. “You’re wincing.”



“Just sore,” he counters. “I ain’t the one actively oozing onto the upholstery - “



“We good now, captain?” Quill asks, squeezing past Groot on the bridge, and Rocket remains
unclear about who he’s referring to, but Jolie doesn’t answer. He clears his throat, but he’s
saved from making any assumptions by Quill’s exclamation of “Holy hell! Earthgirl, you
haven’t patched that up yet?!”



“I am Groot.”



“That’s what I’ve been saying,” Rocket says testily.



Quill ducks back off the bridge and returns moments later, tossing a roll of gauze and tape at
Rocket.



Rocket nearly fumbles the catch, ducking his head to hide his surprise.



“What the hell, man?”



“Make her get cleaned up,” Quill instructs, and Rocket’s jaw nearly drops.
“Why does everyone seem to think I have any say in whether or not Jo behaves herself?”



“Because you’re the only one she might possibly listen to,” Quill says dryly, and the woman
in question snorts from the pilot’s seat but doesn’t disagree.



“I am Groot.”



“I’m not doing that,” Rocket snarls at the Flora Colossus.



“I am Groot.”



“Is he agreeing with me?” Quill asks. “He’s agreeing with me, isn’t he?”



Rocket grits his teeth. “Not exactly. Can you get the hell outta here, please?”



“Put me in, coach,” Quill says. “Let me fly this bad boy, and you and Jolie can go grab a bite.
Maybe you can convince her to put on some clothes that don’t look like they’re gonna fall
off.”



Jolie looks down at herself, suddenly startled out of her nonchalance. “They’re not gonna fall
off,” she says, but she sounds uncertain.



“They already are falling off,” Rocket says drily. “Along with your skin.” He sighs and
presses his thumb and forefingers into his orbital sockets. “Fine,” he groans, and slides off
the pilot’s seat, taking the bandages with him. He hesitates, then barks at Jo, “Get up and
come with me.”



“I’m really much happier here,” she says sweetly, and he clenches his jaw so hard he can
taste the dust of his tooth enamel.
Quill’s narrowing his eyes at her, though, as he settles into the abandoned copilot’s chair.
“Uh-huh,” he says skeptically. “Rocket, try just leaving.’



He rolls his eyes. “Look, asshole - “ but then breaks off, watching as Jo shoots Quill the
meanest glare he’s ever seen on her face.



“I am Groot.”



“Nuh-uh,” Rocket utters, but he sounds doubtful even to himself. Then he sighs, rolls his
shoulders, and turns. “Whatever. I’m tired and scraped up and not interested in fighting with
you three jackasses. I’m gonna make some food. You can come with me or not.” He directs
the last bit to Jolie, and he can almost see her wrestling with herself before she sighs and
flicks over the flight controls to Quill.



“Asshat,” she says to her fellow Terran, voice dripping with the politeness he knows is a lie.



“Unbelievable,” Rocket mutters, turning on his heel and ducking under Groot. When the
Flora Colossus moves to follow, he brandishes one clawed finger. “Nope, not a chance, big
guy. You stay and make sure Quill doesn’t crash us into a satellite or miss a jump-point.”



“I resent that,” the Terran man grouses, but he doesn’t seem particularly mad about it.



As soon as Rocket has successfully led Jo out past the kitchenette, he hears Gamora’s sharp
intake of breath.



“That doesn’t look good, Jolie,” the assassin says.



The Terran girl lifts her oozing shoulder in a half-shrug and smiles drily. “So I’ve been told.
Repeatedly.”
“Clean up before food,” Rocket tells her bluntly, tossing her the gauze and tape, then re-
opening the med-kit that Gamora had just closed. He pulls out some packages of antiseptic
sheets, and tosses those in her direction too. “Nobody wants to look at that shit while they’re
eating.”



Jo offers up a long-suffering sigh, peels open the antiseptic sheets, and twists at the waist to
begin scrubbing roughly against her scraped-raw hip. Both Gamora and Rocket hiss through
their teeth.



“Okay! Okay. Knock it off,” he interrupts, snatching the sheet away from her. “You’ve got
rocks and glass and shit in there. Be more frickin’ careful.” He looks at Gamora. “Can you go
get a towel or something for her to sit on so she doesn’t bleed all over the couch?”



Gamora’s off immediately, no questions asked, and Rocket glares up at Jolie. “Don’t move,
and don’t say anything,” he snaps, and starts to go to work on her hip. Carefully, he peels
back the shredded fabric of her leggings from where they gape open down her right hip and
thigh. To her credit, she doesn’t flinch - not even when he has to tug in places where it’s
gotten stuck in the clotting blood, not even when he himself grimaces or cringes.



The worst parts look like finely-ground meat, and the rest of the exposed skin is scratched
and scored.



Using deft claws, he plucks bits of debris from the shredded flesh. Then, with a gentleness he
normally reserves for finicky fuses and bombs, the leathery pads of his fingertips lightly
brush away the remaining dirt and dust and blood. He’s once again cursing the lack of water-
showers and baths in the Gemma Lynn, mentally shifting his priority list so he can get at least
one up and running as soon as they get this infinity stone thing figured out - maybe even
sooner. Sonic showers would just damage this kind of wound more, but water would be
helpful.



“Don’t move,” he orders again, and goes to the kitchenette to pour a cup of water and grab a
pair of shears he’d thankfully not yet stolen from the drawer. He’s bringing it toward Jo as
Gamora re-enters, a small pile of hand-towels in her hands.



“Thanks,” he says grudgingly, and takes one while the Zen-Whoberian moves to spread a few
on the couch. Dipping it in the cup of water, he carefully cleans Jolie’s hip and thigh. She still
hasn’t moved, but when he looks up at her, she’s staring down at him with her softest eyes.



He glowers warningly, sets the water aside, and then uses the shears to cut away the
remaining ribbons of fabric still trying to fall back into the wound. Then he's tossing the
scissors on the couch and opening a clean antiseptic sheet, gently layering it onto the open
sore and pressing lightly.



“Just - leave that on for now and sit down. Lean on your other side,” he directs the Terran,
and then hops onto the sofa next to her once she’s done it. He tugs at the torn neckline of her
tunic - microdosing hell by going to work now gapes even more widely. She could probably
slide the whole thing right down her hips and step out of it if she wanted to.



“Arm,” he directs, and without questioning it, she pulls her arm up through the torn collar,
wincing for the first time that he’s seen. Her shoulder is as ugly as her thigh, and he goes to
work silently - removing the detritus, bathing the entire scraped-raw surface, layering it with
an antiseptic sheet. Gamora is watching so silently he forgets she’s there, until she’s offering
him a hydrocolloid speed-patch and gauze. For a moment, he feels weirdly self-conscious,
but then he’s coming back to Jo’s hip: removing the antiseptic, lightly covering it with the
large patch, then securing the whole thing with wide, clean strips of gauze and surgical tape.
Shoulder again: cleaned, dried, patched, taped.



“Food?” he asks finally, looking up.



“Hey,” she says, twisting and leaning toward him, ignoring his question. Her face is only
inches from his. “I was really worried about you.”



His mouth is dry. “I know,” he says, just as quietly, and doesn’t fail to notice Gamora
discreetly removing herself from the room and retreating down the hatch. “I…” He trails off.
I was worried about you too doesn’t quite capture the feeling he’d had when he’d realized
what had happened, before her ragged voice had broken through the ringing in his ears. Or
even after, when he’d thought she’d punctured a lung or worse.



A skin-shredded thigh and shoulder really ain’t so bad, comparatively.
But they should still be cleaned and bandaged.



He swallows, and he sees the moment she realizes how stuck and lost he is, and she decides
to save him again. Because of course she does. That’s what her stupid teasing has been the
whole time.



“Oh, Rocket,” she says lightly. “You do care.”



It startles an actual, rusty, half-stifled laugh out of him, and she looks so pleased at the
reaction that it makes him snort again. “Ain’t you proud of yourself,” he mocks, and she
shrugs and bats her eyelashes modestly. “Whaddaya wanna eat?”



Another shrug, this one more careless. Her eyes and her smile are soft. “Just whatever.
Maybe some zargnuts or dried orloni. I’m tired.”



“You and me both, princess,” he tells her dryly, and tosses her a pack of each from the
kitchenette before grabbing some for himself and two glasses of water. He leaps up to perch
next to her on the arm of the couch.



They eat in companionable silence, crunching away. He tries to keep his eyes off her face,
casting them on the floor, her knees, her bandages. At some point, he notices her hands have
started shaking a little. When he looks up, though, her facial expression is placid,
undisturbed. Introspective, even.



He waits until she starts nodding off. To be honest, he’s pretty exhausted himself - eyelids
heavy and dry. He nudges her with one foot.



“Bed,” he orders. It’ll be the first time since deciding to share the bunk that they’ll both be in
there, but it’ll be fine. He has the hammock after all, he reminds himself.



She rises, wincing, and he suspects she’s starting to feel her bruises and aches. He’d been
honest when he’d said he was uninjured - for the most part. Being hurled across a room in the
embrace of a tree still did a number on his contorted joints and muscles, so he imagines it’s
the same for her. He leads the way down the ladder, trying to focus on his straining tendons
and sore muscles, the places in his bones where the screws ache - anything but really
dwelling on the fact that it’ll be his first time sleeping in such close quarters with anyone but
Groot in ages. The first time since CounterEarth, unless you count prisons, but he's never
done much sleeping in those.



She pauses when the door slides shut in their shared bunk, and he puts a lot of effort into
acting like it’s no big deal to take off his already-battered armored vest and peel down his
jumpsuit, even though he can feel her eyes flicker to the scars on his back and away again,
like she’s trying to respect his modesty and dignity.



Ha.



For his part, he just tries to act like it’s no big deal for her to see, to really see, what a
cobbled-together thing he is. Instead, he slides into a soft pair of pants he’d stolen on
Conjunction.



After a moment, he hears a sudden curse, a flustered slap and the snapping of elasticized
fabric. Startled, he turns instinctively, catching himself too late - she could’ve been
undressing already - but she’s frantically pulling at the pocket on the undamaged side of her
leggings, then audibly shuddering out a breath of relief when she pulls out her sensored glove
and her black glass rectangle. She holds the glove loosely at her side, but the hand clutching
the glass goes to her sternum, like she’d keep it safe inside her ribs if she could.



She closes her eyes and breathes out slowly.



“Not broken?” he ventures. She looks up at him and the relief is so stark on her face that he
thinks she must have been terrorized by the possibility of it cracking, or worse.



He can’t help the pang that knifes through his chest, the immediate sense of being so frickin’
glad he hadn’t stolen it those first few nights, or busted it open in one of his stupid little fits
of anger and frenzied curiosity.
“No,” she murmurs, and then her head tilts like she wants to say something but swallows it
back.



He asks his own question before he can think better of it. “What is that thing, anyway?”



She lowers the glass rectangle, eyeing it critically with one raised brow. Then her gaze turns
back to him: careful, quiet, measuring.



“Functionally useless Terran tech - a brick, really,” she tells him last. “More than that, it’s
something to help me remember things I’ve lost.” That head-tilt is back. She hesitates, then
says - so gently it almost hurts - “Like yours, I’d guess.”



He freezes, eyes flicking over to his jumpsuit and the metal keyplate hidden in one pocket
where he can keep it pressed against his thigh. His ears drop back: tense, alert.



“Yours isn’t broken, either?” she asks softly, and when he shakes his head mutely, she nods.



“That’s good then,” is all she says, and for a moment he’s afraid she’s going to get all nosy -
never mind that he frickin’ started it. His hackles raise.



But she doesn’t. She doesn’t press or prod. When she cautiously moves to resume undressing,
he finally drops his eyes and climbs casually up into his hammock, pausing for a long
moment before turning around just in time to see her fastening the last button on her
oversized white sleep-shirt. She doesn’t seem to mind his presence as she wriggles out of the
remains of her leggings, carefully maneuvering the waistband over her bandaged hip and
thigh, and then stares down at her demolished shirt and pants as if they’ve personally
disappointed her.



Her bare legs are smooth outside of where he’s bandaged her up, and he is again profoundly
aware of his wrecked body.
“We need to get you better clothes,” he tells her abruptly. “Something that ain’t so flimsy it’s
gonna fall apart in the first explosion.”



She looks up at him, her expression comically pained. “How many explosions am I signing
up for, exactly?”



He snorts, and watches as she half-folds her destroyed clothes into a sad little lump she puts
on the floor next to the door.



“I’ll throw them out in the morning,” she promises, and slides onto the shelf-bed. He just
knows his blankets now smell like curlflower tea and coffee, and that Xandaran-honey-
scented powdered soap she uses. He lays back gingerly onto the hammock, feeling it shift
and sink beneath his weight. He lets his tail hang over the side. The plasma orb on the desk
glows dimly, fading.



“Why did Quill say that?” he asks after a moment. His voice, hushed and low, still echoes in
the dark little room.



Yeah, he might’ve been terrified of her being nosy, but he’s got no such reservations for
himself. He’s aware it’s a double standard, and he doesn’t much care.



“Say what?” she murmurs drowsily.



He rolls in the hammock. His eyes, well-suited to the darkness, can pick out the gleam of her
hair, the dark crescents of her lashes on her cheeks, eyes closed. She’s forgotten to take out
all the stupid, almost-frantic flowers Groot had covered her in - the giant sap - and they cling
to crown of her head.



That’s a sight.



Something about looking at her when she’s like this almost makes him ache.
“He said to try just leaving, like he knew you’d come with me,” Rocket reminds her, and
distracts himself by watching her stiffen in the dark, eyes opening. She can’t see him at all, of
course - she’s peering in his general direction, but she’s looking a little south of his nose, like
she can’t make out more than the general shadows in his high perch. It gives him a flare of
bravery. “He said you’d listen to me - and you did,” he adds with a scoff. “Like a frickin’
puppy.”



“Arf arf,” she says mildly, and he rolls his eyes, but finds his mouth twitching in a little grin
against his will.



“Good puppy,” he says into the darkness. “That ain’t an answer though.”



She half-sits, propping herself on her elbow, her eyes searching his corner. She’s awake now,
chewing her lip, eyes wide and brow furrowed, and he might’ve felt a little bad if this wasn’t
the strongest reaction he’s seen from her in hours, not counting her fear for her little glass
rectangle.



And the collar of that shirt is gaping wide. He swallows tightly.



A lowlife, a real degenerate, would probably -



She collapses back suddenly, hair billowing around her and a puff of flower petals spiraling
into the air. Her eyes are on the ceiling. One hand creeps up in the darkness to make a fist
against her sternum, where the collar of her buttoned sleep shirt lies open.



“Pete has known me for years now,” she says at last, “and he knows my weaknesses.” She’s
still trying for levity, but failing. “He was just exploiting them.”



“Clearly,” Rocket snarks. “Still not an answer, sweetheart.”
She rolls back over and props her head on her hand, eyes skimming his hammock again. He
flicks his tail where it drapes over the edge, and her eyes fasten on it - she doesn’t bother
trying to see his face anymore. She licks her lips, bites the bottom one. Nervous.



“I’ll make a deal with you,” she offers up. “You ask me again, sometime when we haven’t
been recently traumatized, and I promise I’ll tell you everything.” She arches a brow. “Even
if you’re less willing to share your story with me.”



He scoffs quietly. “I ain’t got a story.”



“Mmhm,” she hums skeptically, and waits.



“Fine,” he utters after a moment. “I’m holdin’ you to that, though.”



“Deal,” she agrees primly, and he watches her eyes close again. She’s smiling at the ceiling,
and he can see the affection in it. His heart stutters a little behind his sternum.



Undeserved, he reminds himself. Unearned. Not meant for you.



You could figure out the complex workings of cytoplasmic filtration systems, but you couldn't
figure out that?



But he can hear her breathing. It’s comforting, he’ll admit to himself, grudgingly: even
moreso than the smell of her - tea and honey-soap - that has pervaded his bunk these days.



He leans back, closes his eyes, and feels the exhaustion start to creep in.



++++
Rocket spasms awake with a strangled breath, catching it in his throat before it becomes a
heaving, full-bodied gasp. Did I even fall asleep? he thinks. He’s pretty sure he just woke
himself up as he was dozing off. He rolls in the hammock, burrowing into the pillow and
blankets, pulling his tail in. But this time, when he closes his eyes, he sees the glass coffins
lining the Collector’s museum, too similar to the rapid-evolution chambers on CounterEarth.
He sees the memory of Jo’s anguished face, and hears the sound of Lylla’s last whisper -



- sky -



Claws fisting into palms, Rocket listens in the dark for Jo’s breathing, but he’s wired now. Is
she even breathing? Of course she is; she must be; it’s a stupid worry - but every time his
body begins to settle, he jolts awake with his heart hammering in his chest.



It’s the third or fourth time when he hears Jo’s voice.



“Hey,” she says drowsily, while he’s grappling in silence, trying not to pant like some kind of
damn animal. “C’mere.”



He wrestles his voice into some semblance of control. “What?” It’s sharper and meaner than
he intends.



He rolls in the hammock to peer at her in the darkness. Her bad humie eyes can’t quite pick
up the details in the shadows, so she’s still not properly focused on his face. His low-light
vision, however, lets him see her pretty perfectly: lying on her side in a pool of shining hair
and bruised flowers, eyelids heavy with exhaustion. She yawns, and then lifts her left arm,
opening the blankets into a cave. “C’mon,” she says mildly.



He almost chokes, and he’s still trying not to strangle himself on leftover panic. “Sleep with
you?”



“Yup.”
“I’m not -”



“What?” she interrupts with a sleepy, lopsided smile. “Not letting yourself take a nap in your
own fucking bed?” She clucks her tongue, then whispers conspiratorially into the darkness, “I
won’t tell if you won’t.”



“You’re - “



“Not sleeping well either,” she says gently, and flutters the open canopy of blankets in his
direction. She’s rolled onto her bandaged side so she can face him, and he knows it must
burn. Badly. “Hurry up. I’m getting cold.”



He wavers, breath still shallow, heart still skittering and thudding. Because he shouldn’t,
because he hasn’t slept so close to anyone since he curled up in a cage with Floor and
reached through the bars to hold Lylla’s hand in the darkness, and because he doesn’t want it
to be too - nice.



“Hey,” she whispers again. “I can tell what you’re doing.” She twitches the blankets again,
beckoning.



“What’s that?” he rasps.



“Punishing yourself.”



He swallows.



“Please stop,” she says softly, and if there’s a way a person can beg and yet still make it
sound so unbelievably tender, she’s figured it out. “For at least a few hours.”



He only hesitates for half a breath more, but he’s kind of ashamed of himself for giving in
when he slides off the hammock and cautiously creeps to the edge of the bunk, one slow
sidling step at a time, as if she’s going to change her mind.



She won’t. Because it’s Jo. And she’s going to ruin him even worse than he already is.



Gingerly, he climbs up onto the shelf-bed while she scoots back to give him space. When he
curls into a half-moon, facing her, she drops the blankets around them like a cloud. His
tension is rippling through him - he can feel the skin on his haunches quivering. His tail
twitches, and he knows his ears are flattened back. He can’t pick them up even when he tries
- they’re bowed under shame and unease and alarm.



Her face is inches from his.



Her hand slips upward between them, slowly, giving him plenty of time to snap or bite or
flee. But he doesn’t, even though he’s so tense his teeth hurt, and she places one palm on the
front of his left shoulder. Her fingertips lace through his fur.



He’s terrified.



He’s sure she can feel the metal of his collarbone beneath the heel of her palm, the screws
and bolts protruding from his skin, the rigid scars. He tries to think of something to say - even
just what the hell do you think you’re doing? - but then her fingers tap against his shoulder:
slow, steady, in counts of four.



“Match your breathing to mine,” she murmurs, and then she’s inhaling, slow and deep, while
she taps. One, two, three, four. She exhales, just as patiently. Her breath stirs the fur on his
chest.



I learned to hold onto my breath, she’d told him once. I'd try to really feel my lungs. I’d
breathe in and picture all the little alveoli expanding.



Blooming like flowers.
Good puppy, he’d called her. But now here he is, tables turned, and he’s being just as
obedient as any freakish little monster on a leash could possibly be.



And he almost doesn’t care.



Her hand is on his fur and they’re sharing the same air, the same rhythms, and his blankets
smell like the two of them. It is warm and they are both okay, at least for a little while longer.



++++



He falls asleep in just a few cycles of their shared exhalations, and he doesn’t wake again
until the plasma orb starts brightening to signal the waking half of the rotation. No dreams -
at least, not any he remembers. He hasn’t slept so well in - maybe forever.



When he opens his eyes, the first thing he’s aware of is one of the tiny white flowers that
must’ve escaped Jo’s hair in the night. It’s lying, limp and delicate, right in front of his nose.



It takes him a second to realize what he’s looking at and where he is: curled into a ball under
the blankets, pressed against Jo’s flank and belly in a way that might have embarrassed him if
she’d been conscious. Her arm is draped over him, practically cradling him, and his nose is
pointed toward the foot of the bed. He can see her legs - bare except for his bandages, one
thigh just inches from his face - and they look unbelievably long from this angle. Her white
shirt is riding up on one hip and for a moment, he stares at all that expanse of skin.



Her thighs are frickin’ luscious.



He wonders if she’s as soft and plush everywhere as she is here, where he’s tucked against
her abdomen. His clawed fingers curl. And since he’s already thinking about it, who could
say what she’s got on under that shirt, actually? He knows she usually wears that tight,
stretchy bra during the day - he’s been thinking about it since Conjunction. Had she been able
to get that off with her wounded shoulder?
She’s unbelievable, really - in the stupidest possible way. He doesn’t know how long she’s
been out in space but it’s honestly a fucked-up miracle of luck that she hasn’t been hurt. Or
worse. She’d trusted him so easily, right from that first moment when she’d unlocked his
cage - and that was still when he’d been planning to electrocute her and abandon her the first
chance he got.



And now here he is, his face just a breath away from her naked thighs.



She’s too frickin’ soft: welcoming him into bed like that. A cycle or two ago, he’d thought
that she’d have probably given him the Gemma Lynn if he asked - she was that eager to
please.



He wonders what else she might offer, if he asked. What other ways she might try to please
him.



Can I touch you?



He’s not stupid. There’s never been anyone who would’ve willingly touched him - or let him
touch them - without being paid a reasonable sum to do so. But Jo…. if anyone were gonna
be the exception to that rule, it’d probably be her.



Yeah. If he were any more of a frickin’ reprobate than he already is, he would completely
take advantage of this situation. Of her. He’d bet an egregious amount of units - right now -
that if he wanted to, he could wake her up, all slow and careful. She’s so tender - so frickin’
sweet, the last little hard-candy sugardrop in the galaxy - that if he does it right, she might
even overlook him being some kind of disgusting little creep. If he does it right, he can make
her look at him with dreamy eyes, make her want him, make her want to please him. He can
play with her - selfishly, demandingly, greedily - until he figures out exactly what will get her
making those soft little hums and moans, until she’s begging for him with that vulnerable,
pleading voice she’d used last night, never mind how much of monster -



He snaps that train of thought off, because he’s about to have a problem. He tries to think
about Quill’s questionable hygiene and Drax’s vapid expressions. It helps distract him for a
few minutes, until he feels sure he’s not going to embarrass himself or - if she wakes up - piss
her off or scare her.



Unfortunately, staying still for any length of time causes aches in his joints and bones and all
the places he’s pinned to his metal framework inside. He uncurls slowly, stretching out beside
her, and her arm gently tightens around him. He lets out a quiet, shaky breath when she pulls
him in closer.



He allows her to do it and - since she’s not awake - he tries to relax and enjoy it. Because it is
enjoyable.



And she is soft.



And it’s not taking advantage if he just lays there, right? If she’s the one pulling him in and
he’s not doing anything but letting her press and nuzzle all up against him?



At some point in the night, a few glossy locks of her hair have found their way over her
shoulders, over him. The strands are… reflective, really. He hesitates, then reaches out and
hooks one streamer into his palm, stroking it between the leathery pads of his thumb and
forefinger.



It feels like satin.



She murmurs something, the words softened by sleep, and he drops her hair like it’s burned
him. Her eyelashes flutter and when she stretches, she shifts against him and raises her arms
over her head. He hears her shoulders make a pop-pop sound and her body slides against his.



Yeah, she’d definitely gotten the bra off.



He freezes, feeling his eyes go wide and unblinking, fixed on the blank wall behind her.
There are little chips in the sheetrock that he’s never noticed before, and he tries to count
them.
“‘Morning,” she murmurs dozily at him, and then sinks down deeper into the blankets, her
face shifting closer to his shoulder, just a breath away. When she finally opens her eyes,
they’re big and sweet and still half-dreaming, looking up at him. It’s the kind of look he’ll be
thinking about in the fucking shower for days. “How’d you sleep, love?”



Everything distills for a moment, and a second later her eyes jolt wide and alert, and she
skitters back until her spine thumps into the wall, apology written all over her face.



“Sorry, sorry,” she says, so fast the words stumble over each other in their rush to get out of
her mouth. “I wasn’t - I’m not making fun -“



His stomach does that twisting thing he hates, and it feels like the comparative heaven of the
last few moments is crashing down around him. Which, to be fair, is definitely his own fault
and probably better than he deserves.



He clears his throat. “I was a jackass,” he interrupts in a rasp. He reconsiders, then concedes:
“I am a jackass. Call me whatever you want.”



She shakes her head stubbornly, brow furrowed. “I’m not calling you something that you
think is… is mocking you.”



“I don’t,” he says firmly. “I don’t think that. I was bein’ an idiot, and I know you’re not…
doin’ that.” He flexes his jaw uncomfortably, vaguely wishing he’d never said anything - not
just today, but ever. He wishes he could go back in time and tell his stupid self, still in the
Ravager cage, to keep his frickin’ mouth shut and never even let her know he can speak at all
in the first place.



And to maybe be a little nicer to her, while he’s at it.



Her brow is still furrowed and skeptical, and he has the sudden urge to reach out and smooth
it, and fuck an infinity stone because that is maybe the most horrifying thing to happen in the
last rotation. It makes him wriggle out from under the covers and off the bed as fast as he can.
  He grabs a clean jumpsuit, clutching it in front of himself at waist-level, and is halfway out
  the door before he pauses and looks back at her.



  She’s half-sitting, looking utterly perplexed at his sudden flurry of activity. Ribbons of shiny
  hair have fallen into her eyes and all around her shoulders.



  “Rocket?”



  The bewilderment in her tone does something to him.



  “I mean it,” he says, his voice harsher than he means it to be. “Call me - whatever you want.”



  And then he practically bolts to the showers.



Chapter End Notes



    heyyooooo. this was probably one of my favorite chapters to write, so i hope you enjoy
    it. it was just fucking FUN.

    posting may slow down a bit - i'm trying to update a couple other rocket fics before the
    schoolyear starts + i work at a university so my workday is about to pick UP till mid-
    december. annnnnyway i also have a tumblr @raccoonfallsharder sooo if you'd like
    more updates and evidence of my rocket-related hyperfixation, we can connect there too
    ♡♡♡

    Coming next week: Chapter IX. Scrapmetal and a Dream.
    in which we redefine homemaking.
                             Chapter 9: Scrapmetal and a Dream.
Chapter Summary



      in which we redefine homemaking.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Jolie frowns as she tosses microdosing hell into the recycling compressor - but she supposes
   it’s a small price to pay for everything that has happened since they left Knowhere a few
   hours ago. Everyone is safe, and they’re headed to Asgard, and also, oh yeah, no big deal, but
   she woke up with Rocket in her arms and he said she should call him whatever she wants
   which, okay, she’s going to try not to abuse that, but.



   But.




   No promises.



   He snorts at her clean sweatshirt when she finds him in the cockpit - the vibes are in
   shambles - and she brings them both breakfast. He’s already sent Pete to get some sleep, so
   they spend the morning in the cockpit. She’d been a little worried after his hasty retreat from
   the bunk this morning. He’d looked - almost panicked. On the other hand, he had also been
   actively implying that he wouldn’t toss her out the airlock if she shows a little verbal
   affection here and there, so that has to mean he’s not too upset about waking up with her,
   right?



   Maybe she’s projecting an awful lot onto call me whatever you want, but they all could’ve
   died yesterday so for now she’s just gonna let herself enjoy the fantasy.



   And even the reality isn’t that bad, because if he is still feeling awkward at all, he’s very
   successfully masking it by keeping his eyes on the sky, nodding along to Quill’s music while
his nails tap a staccato rhythm, palms cradling the yoke gently. When he sees her noticing
and narrows his eyes at her warily, Jolie shrugs her shoulders.



“Earth-tunes are bops,” she says, and if he’s confused by what she means - because translator
chips don’t always work well with slang and colloquialisms - he doesn’t show it. Instead, he
just relaxes, and lets himself hum along, and keeps tapping those fingers of his.



God, she fucking loves looking at his hands. She’s never really been drawn to hands before -
not like this. She could watch them all day.



Asgard is a long journey and will take nearly four more rotations of constant flight, if they
want to be safe and make sure they don’t overload their jump-points. They’re still popping
through more wormholes far faster than is ideal, but the pace should be enough to offset
jumpsickness. They’ll also need to stop for fuel and supplies at least once along the way - so
Jolie’s relieved that Rocket has loosened up enough to let Pete and Gamora take part of the
piloting duties. She loves to fly, but she’s also still bone-tired from Knowhere.



Later, Gamora and Drax make their way to the bridge, already bickering softly. Drax looks a
bit hunted when he realizes they’re in Rocket’s range of hearing, and immediately shuts his
mouth, like he's not trying to get on her copilot's bad side. They slide into the two rear seats,
and after a few muttered comments, Drax immediately passes out: head tilted back against
the headrest that is too short for his body, rumbly snores filling the cockpit. Rocket catches
her eyes and then rolls his, hands still relaxed on the yoke, and fuck. She doesn’t know how
long she’s going to be able to keep this little family, but she’s intent on folding each of these
mundane, cozy little memories into her ribcage in the meantime.



Jolie turns her attention to Gamora and begins asking mild questions in hushed tones. The
Zen-Whoberian’s measured, careful responses filter the air between Drax’s snores,
occasionally punctuated by a sideways comment from Rocket. Interacting with Gamora in
any capacity that isn’t related to combat is like watching a fawn learn how to walk. Sure, the
woman is purpose-driven, and yes, she’s sure of herself in any fight, verbal or otherwise. But
in-between - in a quiet moment like this - she’s just learning how to enjoy people’s company
for the very first time. To trust in just a moment of peace and camaraderie.



To make friends.
There is a moment, just once, that Jolie lets herself call Rocket love - murmured low as he’s
asking about a song and Drax is still snoring behind her - and he only reacts with a quick
twitch of his ears and a flicker of something in his face that at least doesn’t seem furious.



When Pete wakes later, they find a stretch where they can let the Gemma Lynn go to
autopilot, and the six of them gather in the common area for a quick bite between them.
Groot spirals out a flower for her hair, and then a few leaves of his own to munch on while
the rest of them hunch over the rehydrator-plate full of fruit and yaro root, and the single dish
full of grilled orloni sandwiches. Drax is glowering through the first half of the meal, and
doesn’t say a word until everyone is almost done.



“I do not like that we are continuing to run. I have joined you all on your promise that Ronan
would pursue her -“ he jabs a thumb at Gamora “- but if we keep moving, I will never have
the chance to face him.”



Rocket sighs beside Jolie and pinches the narrow bridge of his nose, like he’s already got a
headache.



“You cannot successfully stand against Ronan,” Gamora is telling the Kylosian tiredly. Jolie
wonders how many times they’ve each had this conversation when she hasn’t been around
for it.



“You have no faith in me,” Drax says to Gamora, sounding wounded.



“It’s not a matter of faith,” Gamora starts.



“It’s a matter of getting your ass handed to you,” Pete adds.



“Why would Ronan hand me my own ass?” Drax asks in confusion, and Rocket snickers at
that.
“Ronan just…has more power,” Jolie offers, unsure of whether it’s the right thing to say.
Judging by Drax’s betrayed expression, it’s not.



“I am Groot,” says Groot.



Drax sulks for the rest of the meal, but things are otherwise - homey. Or what Jolie imagines
a good home would feel like. Warm despite the tension, despite the little purple bomb Pete’s
keeping in the inner pocket of his red leather Ravager jacket. Afterward, when it’s her turn to
fly, Rocket heads down the hatch to their bunk to “grab some shit to work on,” and she parks
herself up in the cockpit, flipping the autopilot back over and crossing her wrists lightly on
the yoke. For a few long minutes, she enjoys the layers of quiet wrapping themselves around
her. She sifts through the memories of today and files her favorites away like pressed leaves
in a book.



A soft crinkle and crackle sounds behind her, like dry grasses shifting against each other at
night, and she half-turns to see that Groot has crowded his way onto the bridge, already
reaching toward her with another little bloom pinched in his fingers. She thanks him, and
smiles, and tucks it into her hair.



He talks to her - a steady low rumble of I am Groots that reverberate in different tones and
cadences. His voice is the galaxy’s softest thunderstorm, the most gravelly lullaby. She can’t
understand his words, but she thinks she’s starting to collect the feeling of it up between her
fingers.



I am Groot, he tells her kindly.



“Outta my way,” she hears Rocket gripe from behind the Flora Colossus, and then she sees
him clambering over his friend like Groot is just so much rough terrain on a mountain path.
Something like annoyed affection flickers over her copilot's face, and he rolls his eyes.
“You’re a frickin’ fire hazard,” he tells Groot. “A goddamn obstruction to safe egress or
whatever.”



He leaps into the copilot’s seat, hauling his latest bit of genius engineering into his lap so he
can tinker with it while she flies.
For an hour or two, they sit in relative silence: just Pete’s music on the speakers, the velvet
hum of the Gemma Lynn, and the occasional clink of whatever Rocket’s working on. She
casts her eyes sideways to watch him. The unknown machine in his lap is circular, with the
circumference of a large dinner plate, and it reminds her of two hubcaps pressed together.
He’s almost cradling the pieces of metal, his hands light and quick - either twisting some
narrow tool into the slots of the disks, or sliding bare-fingered between the pieces and
apparently working by touch alone. He doesn’t seem uncertain for even a moment.



Every once in a while, when she glances over, Rocket’s attention has left his invention to
focus on her instead. He's staring at her hard, and it looks like he’s counting and recounting
all of Groot’s tiny blooms in her hair.



Other times, he’s gazing out at the stars with an expression that she thinks might be troubled
and tense - but then his brow smooths and he turns back to his work.



Eventually, Groot shuffles himself backwards off the bridge. Rocket takes a break to bring
the two of them some zargnuts and pieces of rehydrated stonefruit that taste like summer-ripe
plums from back home. They share the food in the cockpit. For a moment, it feels like the
days before the Kyln, when it was just the two of them. Jolie lets the nostalgia wash over her:
a warm tide in cool waters.



Afterward, she breaks the quiet with a contented hum. “What’s this one?” she asks, tilting her
chin toward the creation in his hands.



He holds it up in both hands so she can see it more clearly. “M’workin’ on some collapsible
tech,” he says. “I wanna try it with some guns to see if I can’t get all of us packing more
heat.” He taps the front of the disk, firmly, twice. There’s a sharp click, and then a series of
clacking noises, and the frisbee-sized piece of tech somehow unfolds into a series of armored
straps with buckles and two cylinders that look suspiciously like the recycled barrels of ion
cannons.



“I know I don’t have your level of genius with firearms,” Jolie says, “but I’m fairly confident
that’s not a gun.” She tilts her head quizzically, eyeing the cannon barrels. “I don’t think.”



He snickers. “This is gonna be an Aero-Rig,” he tells her.
“And what’s it do?”



“Nothing yet,” he tells her. “This is jus’ a prototype. It’s gotta be smaller and lighter before it
can actually be useful.”



“Okay,” she says agreeably. “What will it do?”



He grins - a true grin, not something sharp and bitter at the edges - and it’s a sight to behold.
She sucks in a breath.



“It’s gonna make you fly.”



Something about the tone of his voice in that moment sends a buzz over her nerve-endings,
but she quells it in favor of a wide-eyed blink and a sideways glance. “Excuse me, sir?”



He looks almost smug, and Jolie fucking loves it. She could go wild to see him look so
fucking full of himself all the time. As far as she’s concerned, he deserves to be that satisfied,
that confident, around the clock.



“Once I figure out how to make everything fit right, it’ll go on your back. Or your chest.
Quick tap, and - “ he clicks his tongue on his teeth “ - you’re suited up with an armored vest
powered by two modified blasters that’ll be able to lift-off over five hundred, maybe even six
hundred pounds. I already got some pretty intuitive directionalistic controls down so it’s just
gonna be a matter of collapsin’ it to something small enough and light enough - and,” he
adds, and pulls a small cylinder with spidery mechanical arms out of one of his many
pockets, “I might’ve lifted this from the Collector - “



“Rocket,” she chokes out, suddenly legitimately worried, but he’s grinning at her with
something like pure mischief and she’s never seen him so playful. Her protests bubble up and
die in her throat.
“Relax. He had a bunch of ‘em all thrown around, so what’s one less? He’ll prob’ly think it
got lost in the frickin’ explosion, if he even notices at all.” He smirks. “I think it’s pocket
dimension tech, and when I figure it out, I’ll replicate it. One tap and all the armor and
blasters get sucked into a pocket dimension where you don’t gotta feel how heavy they are on
your back. Another one, and now you got yourself a frickin’ flying suit with evenly-
distributed mass, no problems.”



It’s kind of hard to hold onto her misgivings when he’s over there looking so fucking pleased
with himself. “Has anyone told you today that you’re a genius?” she asks, half-teasing and
wholly-admiring.



“You’re welcome,” he says snidely, but his eyes have that glow in them that says he’s having
fun. Real fun. Her heart hurts a little with the ache of it: full and whole and happy.



“So. You gonna tell me what you’ve figured out about pocket dimension tech so far?”



He snorts. “Not while you’re flyin,’” he says. “I’ll wait till I need to put you to sleep.” She
can tell it’s a joke but he suddenly looks uncomfortable, scratching the bridge of his nose and
looking away while his ears twitch.



“Please,” she scoffs, head tilting. She feels her own brow crease as she tries to read his
expression. “You’re riveting.”



“I know that,” he says with a scornful little smirk, “but it’s all gonna go right over your
humie head either way, princess.”



He hops off the copilot’s chair and tucks the disk under one arm. “That’s enough for now. I
wanna get started on some upgrades for the Gemma Lynn since we’re gonna be travelin’ for a
while.”



“Mm,” she nods. It crosses her mind that maybe she should have demanded the right to
approve any changes to the ship before he makes them, but she trusts him pretty implicitly
and besides - it’s his home now, too. Making upgrades means that he’s probably planning on
sticking around, and she doesn’t think he’s gonna abandon her anywhere now. So when she
asks, it's all just sheer curiosity. “What kind of upgrades?”



“Short-term?” he asks. “At least one hot-water shower-pod. I gotta get two more water tanks,
build a rapid re-filtration and heatin’ system, and reroute some plumbing. I can start workin’
on some pipes and the filtration system for now, and once we get rid of this dumb rock on
Asgard, I’ll pick up enough scrap to build two new tanks. Eventually we can get more -
maybe replace all but one a’ the sonic showers.”



Her jaw had dropped the moment he’d said hot-water shower, and her lips had stayed parted
straight through his surprisingly-generous explanation. “Forget ‘genius,’” she says at last.
“You’re a god.”



He waves a dark clawed hand at her and shifts away - yeah, she's pretty sure that's his
blushing face - and just says, “Yeah, yeah, okay. I’m gonna go downstairs, figure out where
to get started. You need anything?”



“I’m good,” she offers him with a soft smile. “Thank you, Rocket.”



He scoffs and leaves before she can clarify - Not just looking out for me, though that too.



For taking care of all of us.



++++



The shift drags on a bit between visitors. Drax comes to sit with Jolie for a while and she asks
him to tell her his favorite memory - maybe a dangerous ask from a man who speaks so
frankly about copulation, she realizes too late - but he obliges with a surprisingly G-rated
recollection. His daughter, his wife, the last holiday they’d shared - the taste of the food, the
sun on their skin. It’s a moment of respite for him - a break from the constant burn for
revenge. She can see it in the way he settles in the chair, sinking back for just a moment,
hands relaxing against the armrests. Drax may not be one for analogy, but he makes up for it
in earnestness. His storytelling paints the cockpit in nostalgia and bittersweetness.
The shift-change a few hours later is a soft rustle of activity breaking up the stillness of
Jolie’s night. Gamora gets settled behind the copilot’s seat and takes over the flight controls
while Jolie grabs them both a snack, and they sit for a bit in the beaded light. Once she’s sure
Gamora has everything she needs and that Pete will be coming soon to keep her company,
Jolie retreats to the sonic-showers. She checks her wounds, recleans and rebandages them.
She probably wouldn’t have bothered on her own - just stripped the patches off and let them
scar. A gravel-burnt shoulder and hip is a minor inconvenience and to be honest, Jolie has
been careless with her body for as long as she can remember.



But there’s no sense in letting all Rocket’s surprising patience and furtive gentleness go to
waste, is there? He’d cleaned her wounds with a carefulness that had rattled her, a carefulness
that she knew Gamora had noticed, too. The Zen-Whoberian had watched him the entire time
while he'd washed and patched Jolie's scrapes. Surprise had skated briefly over Gamora's
defined features, before she’d given Jolie a questioning look. Jolie had tried to think at her:
please don’t say anything, because she was sure it would ruin whatever spell Rocket was
under, and somehow Gamora had picked up on the message and kept her lips sealed with a
hesitant, confused half-smile.



Now clean, rebandaged, and still achy-tired, Jolie knows she should go to bed. But as the
door to the bunk slides open and Rocket is nowhere to be found, she hesitates.



There are two possibilities, she thinks.



Either he was more disconcerted by sleeping with her than she’d thought, and is trying to stay
away tonight - or they both happen to share the same inability to keep track of time when
they’re working on a project.



If it’s the latter, then she needs to do him the same favor he’d done for her when she'd been
painting the Luphomoid boy back on Conjunction: shepherd him out of his work and into the
the quiet that his body and brain must need at this point. And if it’s the former - well, then
she’ll apologize, or do whatever she needs to do in order to get him to come get some sleep.
She’ll promise not to touch him if he comes back to the bunk. Hell, she’ll sleep on the couch
like she’d originally planned if it makes him feel better - put a whole floor between their
bodies.
But she really hopes it’s not that, because she's selfish enough to want it to happen again.



She gnaws her lip, then heads off to find him.



It takes forever. The Gemma Lynn isn’t huge by any means, but it is a bit of a maze, and the
tangle of narrow corridors and tiny cargo holds and maintenance lockers and engine rooms,
all folding back-and-forth on themselves, form a kind of acoustic nightmare. Eventually, a
muffled clanking noise from one vacant hallway alerts her to his presence, and she scurries
toward the sound.



Sure enough, the sound of metal-on-metal leads her to him. There’s a utility closet, and when
she ducks her head inside, she sees the expected four enormous water tanks, the usual pipes,
and now - new - a hole in the wall where Rocket has removed a whole panel. The rectangle
of wobbling metal sits propped behind the tanks, waiting to be secured back in place when
he’s done.



Her copilot has climbed up inside the hole itself, and is half-suspended amongst the pipes and
hoses. He’s got a set of modified combat goggles pulled down over his eyes, presumably for
protection from any sparks, and - Jolie thinks - possibly for magnification. He’s working on
something that she suspects is intended to connect to the water tank - eventually. Pipes,
maybe? The start of the new rapid-refiltration system? She can’t fucking tell - and that’s why
he’s the mechanic, she thinks wryly. She has the ability to do some basic repairs if she finds
herself in a difficult situation but honestly, plumbing is not a thing she has any familiarity
with. She’d have to take the ship in if any of the more luxurious systems broke aboard the
Gemma Lynn. But Rocket seems at home with anything that he can take apart and put back
together - usually in new and interesting ways. He navigates each piece of tech or machinery
with deftness and ease, to the point where she’s basically catching her breath with
anticipation any time she sees him toying with any little machine or gadget.



She catches her breath a lot around him these days.



Right now, he’s all intention and focus: half-curled in the pipes and hoses. She tilts her head,
and a little smile hooks one side of her mouth. He looks like a sculptor chiseling life out of
marble, only he’s coaxing copper and vibranium alloy into something that will bring all of
them water. The air smells like electricity and hot pennies, and it’s all very fucking beautiful
and poetic, she thinks.
Jolie chews her lip. She’s pretty sure she might be about to cross a line by asking him if he’s
coming to bed - by straddling some hesitant hope that they’re going to sleep together again -
but she really can’t help herself.



There’s no harm in asking, she tells herself staunchly. If she’d previously thought just sharing
a room had done wonders for her sleep, it was nothing compared to the deep-rooted rest
she’d gotten with him curled up next to her.



And even if she’d fucked it up immediately, waking up with him pressed against her had been
delicious. She’ll be thinking about it for weeks, probably.



“Bedtime?” She asks hopefully from the doorway, leaning into the utility closet.



“Fuck,” he hisses, jumping at the sound of her voice. Sparks shower to the floor.



She winces. Awesome. “Sorry.”



He grunts and sighs, but thankfully seems too distracted to be put off by her question. “I
can’t,” he mutters, eyes still trained on the pipes. “I wanna get this part done tonight.”



She hums and tilts her head. “Someone once told me that my project would still be there the
next day, and that I needed to rest.” She watches him, the sparks reflecting in his goggles, and
he grunts. “And that an exhausted copilot is a useless one,” she adds.



No response.



“Rocket-my-love,” she says in a teasing, needling tone.



Now he cuts her a wry glare through his protective eyewear. “Don’t start.”
She’s suddenly feeling reckless with exhaustion, so she blows him a kiss. With his goggles
down, she can’t fully read his expression, but what she can see is absolutely flat and
implacable.



“Come to bed. You can’t keep this ship running in the infinite void of space if you’re not
resting that beautiful mind of yours.”



He mutters something about flattery, sinking back into the pipes as if they can hide him. “One
night without sleep ain’t gonna hurt me.”



She stands for a moment, and twists her hands together. It’s still possible he’s avoiding her -
but she supposes there’s only one way to find out. She hums skeptically, chews her lip, and
then turns on her heel and leaves.



The glossy curtain of her long hair ripples behind her as she goes.



++++



Rocket deflates a bit amidst the cables and pipes, then scowls and returns his attention to the
plumbing. He’s not gonna examine that brief pinch of disappointment at Jo’s departure, no
thanks. If he lets himself look closely, he knows something’s felt a little raw since waking up
with her arms and her legs and her hair all around him today.



He isn’t sure how long it takes, but then she’s tapping at the doorframe again. “Can I come
in?”



He isn’t gonna examine that brief pinch of pleasure, either.



“Depends,” he snipes instead. “Are you wearin’ literally any protective gear?”
She grins recklessly from the doorway. “Nope. Not a stitch. Tied my hair back, though.” She
gestures to herself, where she’s taken out her little flowers and fastened her hair into some
kind of messy, oversized bun on top of her head.



Rocket does pause in his work, then. He's never seen all her stupid hair restrained like this,
and he takes in the line of her neck, the slope of her shoulder. She’s always wearing those
too-big Terran shirts, and this one is no exception. The neckline hangs halfway down her
upper arm, leaving her throat and an expanse of skin clear and unobstructed. He remembers
having his nose and mouth pressed against it while he was drunk. He remembers how close
he was to being able to sink his teeth into the muscle of her pretty shoulder.



He clears his throat. “You should wear it like that more often,” he instructs in his best, most-
bored tone of voice. “Save you from gettin’ it sucked into a vent or tied up machinery.” He
pauses. “Or grabbed in a fight.”



Because he’d thought of it a dozen times in those first days - winding a paw in that satiny
banner. An easy way to bare or break a neck, or threaten with gun barrel pressed to the
underside of the jaw. And now that he knows how soft it is, and how soft she is - well. He’s
still gonna think about it wrapped in his fist, or around his forearm.



She steps more fully into the frame of the door, giving him a big wink and frickin’ finger-
guns. “Good lookin’ out. But can I come in?”



He gives a long-suffering sigh. “Be careful. Don’t get too close.”



She hangs back as far as the utility closet allows. It’s surprisingly roomy in here, and she
ends up tucked cross-legged between two of the four giant water-tanks, watching him
studiously.



After a few moments, the silence eases into something companionable. It feels - kinda good,
if he’s in the mood to be honest. Like their shared evenings in the cockpit: just quiet and
relaxed and a little comforting. Maybe he shouldn't be surprised, but he is. He can’t say how
much time passes, but then he nicks a pipe he’s trying to keep intact, and curses.
“Hey. Hand me that soldergun.”



It’s like she’s been waiting to be made useful. She perks right up like a damn Atraxian
evertree. “This one?” she asks, holding it up. He’d forgotten there were two.



“Nah, the smaller one.”



When she leans in to hand it up and over, her eyes are glittering mischievously.



“What?” he asks suspiciously, already halfway to nervous.



She grins. “I don’t recognize a lot of these tools,” she says mildly, “but I do know that one. In
particular.”



He looks down at the skinny little soldergun in his hand and suddenly remembers - he’d
stolen it from her, that first night.



Fuck.



But she doesn’t seem pissed - only entertained. So he tilts his head and says in his most
jackass voice, “You should prob’ly keep better track of your shit.”



She snorts, and leans back, apparently content to let him keep using it. He hesitates, then asks
casually, “You in the mood for a lesson?”



“From you? Almost always,” she responds, lips curved in that lopsided smile.



He isn’t sure why he’s offered. Maybe because she’s asked him to come to bed. Or because
she’s called him Rocket-my-love and blown him that ridiculous fuckin' kiss. Or because she’d
asked about pocket dimensions.



Stupid.



In general, he doesn’t like to share his knowledge with people. Better to have the leg up if
they underestimate him, or if he knows something they don’t. Knowledge may not always be
a weapon, but it can certainly be a defense. Groot might be the only one Rocket might have
otherwise been inclined to teach, but trying to explain basic tools to someone with no
fundamental knowledge takes up valuable patience that Rocket has always had in limited
supply - especially when all the little puzzle pieces of nearly any machine fit together so
naturally and easily in his own brain.



But Jo is so quiet. There’s so little pressure, and there’s something about the way she tilts her
head and listens and watches, like she’s taking everything in, even before he says anything.
Even if she never has the same kind of instinctive understanding of this stuff that he does, it
might be nice to just have her in the room with him sometimes.



He extends the tool currently in his other paw toward her cautiously. “Careful. Only touch the
handle - it’s frickin’ hot. That’s a lightcutter. It can pull a smooth slice down anything. It’s
used a lot in electrical work 'cause it doesn’t conduct, but right now, I’m just usin’ it to cut
some of this copper piping. Hang it on that hook in the toolbox.”



She hums, taking the rubber-handled wand from him, turning it in her hands, and committing
it to memory.



He turns back to his work. “Start on the far side of that canvas roll. Anything else you
recognize?”



Another hum. “That’s a hexapull. We have something similar on Terra, but they’re shaped a
little differently - we call it a wrench. That’s what I use to get into the engine room when I
need to.”



He winces. “I’m not gonna ask why you gotta use a hexapull to get into your engine room,
but I’ll fix that later,” he says drily, before launching into a brief summary of the different
kinds of hexapulls and their sizes, and what they’re used for. He sees her nod in his periphery,
like she knows some of it and is committing the rest to memory, and she looks so pretty
peering over the roll of tools.



He grimaces into the pipes.



“I don’t recognize this one," she says, and he half-glances over.

“That’s a double-handed speed-drill. I’ll actually need that right at the end here, if you’re still
hangin’ around.”



“I will be,” she promises, crooked smile quirking up.



He swallows, harder than he should’ve had to. “D'you know what that thing that looks like a
little rotary blade is - uh, actually, do you know what a rotary blade is?”



“Yeah, but you’re talking about the glass cutter,” she says promptly. “On Terra, we call that
style with a swiveling head a Vigrue, but our wheels aren’t usually so big or so exposed, at
least not the ones that I use. We've also got grooved stems to make it easier to snap off
smaller pieces of glass after it's been scored. You’ve got a pistol-grip too.” She narrows her
eyes, which flick briefly to his hands and then back to the tools. She tilts her head. “Is your
wheel tungsten carbide or do you use something else out here?”



He blinks behind his goggles, pausing in his work to study her. “Usually diamond, but
sometimes you’ll find tungsten carbide in parts of the galaxy where diamond’s less
common.” Now he wonders about her shrewd glance at his paws. For a minute, he’s self-
conscious. He's got the pistol-grip for times when the metal pins in his hands are particularly
achy, his joints and tissues all inflamed. Did she figure that? And if she did, is she also
clocking some of the other modifications he’s made to his other tools - the ones that make it
easier for him to use them on bad days?



He doesn’t wanna fuckin' think about it. Instead, he just asks, “You used a glass cutter
before?”
But she only shrugs, cheeks turning pink. “Not on anything as useful as you do, I’m sure,”
she says lightly. “I used to fuck around with stained glass. Just - trying to make something
pretty to put into the universe, I guess.”



The confession scrapes over that rawness he's been carrying with him since this morning,
twisting something sharply in his gut. It's a reminder of what he’s not. Just to make something
pretty. He recalls the way she’d looked: painting in the cockpit, face golden and shining with
tears, or in the common area, surrounded by columns of blue light while she colored the air
with her fingertips.



Meanwhile, he’s over here, ripping open walls so he can cobble together water heaters and
explosive devices.



Just another ugly thing making more ugly things.



His lip curls in the ghost of snarl and he turns back to his work. “Well, we can’t all be
creator-types and artists,” he sneers, and he feels - more than sees - her head snap around to
stare up at him where he hangs in his little cave of pipe and cables.



Like some kind of frickin' gremlin, he thinks grimly.



“Some of us just like to destroy and ruin things,” he snarks, not looking at her.



She makes a little muffled noise he can’t identify - maybe a scoff, maybe a startled laugh.
Then she’s tilting her head, brow furrowed and eyes urgent, troubled. “You’re kidding,
right?”



Without meaning to, his mind lights up with the memory of her legs under the blankets this
morning. Even with the bandage, they’d been pretty: graceful, sloping, soft. He can’t believe
he’d thought, for even a millisecond, about putting his mangled paws all over her. Something
in his chest collapses inward at the thought.
His lip curls back further, because he never could stop when he was ahead. “You can leave
anytime, princess,” he tells her, the endearment turning venomous in his mouth. He
immediately regrets it, but doesn’t allow his face to do anything but snarl.



Through their shared time in the cockpit and the hours he’s spent in this frickin’ wall - alone -
he’s had time to think. And it’s all started to feel like it some sort of betrayal - the brief
moments of contentment. He peels back the scab on his memory of Lylla and Teefs and
Floor, and lets it hurt. He owes them after all, doesn’t he? He’s been turning the question over
in his mind all day and the only answer he comes to is yes, he owes them their lives back, and
since he can’t give them that, then he should pay for it himself.



I know what you’re doing, Jolie had said last night. Punishing yourself.



Well.



The silence feels like it goes on forever, broken only by the clinking of the pipes he’s
working on.



Then, gently:



“Rocket.”



A pause, which he’s starting to think might mean she’s only going to get more over-the-top
with her misplaced affection.



“Love. Darling. Light-of-my-life.”



Yep. There it is.



He points at her warningly with her skinny soldergun, not looking up. “You’re really takin’
this ‘call me whatever you want’ thing to an extreme.”
“I have to make up for lost time,” she teases, but her voice is so damn soft. Slowly, she goes
still and solemn, smile fading. “Rocket. Look at me. Look at what you’re doing. If there’s
anyone on this ship who’s an artist, it’s you.”



It’s his turn to scoff, and he can do it with a lot more venom than she'll ever be capable of.
“Don’t gimme that bullshit - I don’t need your fuckin’ pity - “



“Rocket.”



Something in her voice is so incredulous - and so quiet - that his own words strangle out of
his mouth like a wisp of smoke. He wrangles an inhalation - he hadn’t realized his chest was
heaving for air, like his body thought he was already fighting for his life. Or running for it.



He surprises himself, in that it only takes two breaths to drag his lungs down into some
rhythm resembling normal.



And she’s waiting for him. Just waiting for him to come down.



Slowly, slowly, he turns his gaze to her. Her face is patient and sad and clear - like she’s
about to explain the simplest, most self-evident truth in the galaxy - and she’s looking at him
with those big earnest eyes that he knows, now, aren’t lying. Her voice is all soft disbelief.



“Rocket. You can make a…a gun from a paper clip, a bomb from a wet shoelace, and a hot
shower from a tin can. You can make a frisbee - that makes people fly - from…what, exactly?
Some scrap metal and a dream?”



He can’t help the snort that escapes him then, and he’s surprised by how much of it is made
up of harsh tatters of a laugh, surprised out of him against his will. But her voice persists. It’s
the softest, most stubborn fuckin’ cloud to ever float across his fur.
“Here you are, putting all the pieces together to create a home for us.”



He sucks in a hitching breath after all. Because that doesn’t sound right. That doesn’t sound
like what he’s doing. It doesn’t sound like anything he’s capable of. But she leans back, the
urgency in her gaze melting into something misty. She shrugs one shoulder dismissively, as if
it doesn’t matter to her. But the little, lopsided smile tugging at her mouth is bemused, and
her eyes are still sad, and clearly, clearly, it does matter to her.



“I just draw pictures, Rocket,” she says softly, spreading her palms wide. “What you do is
art.”



He wants to reject that. It’s almost a compulsion. It’s almost involuntary. Everything under
his ribs pushes it away. He wants to sneer, and to say what do you know?



But he also wants to say, you don’t just draw pictures - you see people, and he’s not even sure
what he means by that.



So he just swallows it all down, packing it tight between his left lung and his heart, and just
tries to ignore her for the next ten minutes till he trusts himself to think, to breathe, to blink,
to speak.



And then, still tangled up, he just quietly asks for the lightcutter back like it’s some kind of
shitty apology, and takes it when she hands it over.



She helps him finish up in the next forty minutes or so, and holds the wall panel while he
screws it back in place. He follows her back to their bunk - hesitant, his guts still knotted -
and they pass Quill on the way in. Rocket expects some snide comment from Star-Dork, but
Quill just nods distractedly and wishes them both a good night.



When they get inside and the door slides shut behind him, Rocket rubs the back of his neck
awkwardly before hazarding a glance up at Jo. She’s pulling her sleepshirt out of the little
box she’s tucked under the bed, and he immediately turns his back to her and looks at the
floor, unmoving. He can hear her, though - the whisper of fabric, the sound of her kicking off
her stupidly-flimsy boots.
“I’m done,” she says softly, and when he turns back and looks up, she’s carefully placing her
sensored glove and her black glass on an empty corner of his workbench for the night. He
pats the metal key plate in his own pocket absently, staring at them as she peels back the
blankets on the shelf-bed.



And then, so casually he can’t believe how easy the words come to her, she asks, “Are you
joining me?”



Maybe, if he weren’t caught up in feeling his own body flinch at her words, he'd have noticed
the flush of red in her cheeks - but he doesn’t.



“Uh,” he says, “I’m gonna take the hammock tonight.”



She pauses, almost imperceptibly, and then slides into bed, lying on her side to look at him.
“Is it more comfortable for you?” she asks, her voice ringing with genuine, soft curiosity.
“Do you sleep better in the hammock?”



“Than the bed?” He shrugs. “Sometimes.”



Than with you? Probably not.



He notices that she hasn’t bothered to take her hair down - it’s falling out of the oversized
bun, little shining rivulets on the pillow, but her neck is still bare above the gaping collar of
the sleep shirt. He wonders if she’s keeping her hair up because of what he’d said in his
stupid, unguarded moment - you should wear it like that more often - or because she thinks he
still might join her, and doesn’t want him touching it the way he had this morning. The
thought makes him just a little nervy, almost-borderline-regretful, almost-borderline-angry
and defensive. She almost always wears it loose, so he’s pretty sure it’s not just a
coincidence.



He shouldn’t’ve touched it, dammit. He’d known he should’ve kept his frickin’ hands to
himself.
She only hums, pulling the covers up and around her, one hand curled up next to her cheek.
“Okay,” she says mildly. “Well, the offer remains open.” She chews her lip. “Good night
then? I guess?”



“Uh, yeah,” he says, moving for the first time and sliding the dimmer for the overhead light
down. “Good night.” He doesn’t need the light of the plasma orb to see, so he gets changed in
the dark and then leaps up to the overhead hammock.



He spends the first few - minutes? hours? - replaying her little speech in the utility closet. His
mind tries to reconsider that she might be lying, she might be mocking him, but at this point
he’d have to tie himself in knots to believe that. She’s too stupid-sincere. She means
everything she says, even if he doesn’t understand how or why. For whatever reason, she
seems to continue remaining stubbornly unaware of just how much of a selfish frickin’
lowlife he is.



But if he hasn’t come to any reconciliation with his own degeneracy since escaping
CounterEarth, he isn’t going to now. In all likelihood, he knows better than anyone that he’s
gonna continue cycling between stealing fragments of conflicted almost-happiness, and then
spiraling into guilt and anxiety and probably - but hopefully not - that mean smallness he
retreats into when he’s trying to protect himself and everyone else around him.



He rolls over, and tries to quiet his mind.



And rolls over again.



Her breathing has slowed. When he glances over, he’s pretty sure she’s fallen asleep. He tries
to match his breathing to hers like she’d made him do the night before, but his brain keeps
churning and that pit behind his sternum keeps aching. He loses track of the breaths,
distracting himself with the knot of his own thoughts. He considers just getting up and going
back to the utility closet, or heading up to the common room and working on the Aero-Rig
while Groot and Drax play cards, or maybe bothering Quill. Reluctantly - because it feels
weird, it feels vulnerable - he puts a hand on his own chest and taps his clawed fingers
against his shoulder, trying to pace his lungs the way Jo had done.
Nope.



He rolls over. Again.



He could get up and take over the flying. Quill would let him, and then Rocket could come
back to bed after Jo was already up, and he’d barely have to see her.



He’s not sure if that would be better or worse.



After taking too long - too frickin’ long - to decide, he finally slides out of the hammock,
landing softly on the thin throw-rug beneath him. When he lifts his head, he’s on eye-level
with her - and yeah, she’s asleep, her dark lashes making crescents on her cheeks, hair still
messily piled at the crown of her head and rapidly losing its valiant fight with the artificial
gravity.



He hesitates. For a long time, he hesitates. He’d intended to quietly grab a bundle of jeweler’s
tools and the vial he’d stolen from the Collector, maybe screw around with pocket-dimension
tech in the cockpit or the common room, but -



She shifts and rolls; her back is to him now, and she’s utterly oblivious. He remembers that
first night, searching her bunk for weapons and anything else of use, hating her, staring at the
delicate butterfly-bones of her wrist and wanting to bite her - and something gnaws at his
insides. Still, he stays frozen - just a moment longer. The offer remains open, she’d said. And
he is a selfish lowlife, after all.



Carefully, he climbs onto the shelf-bed behind her, burrows under the covers, and curls up
against the small of her back.



He’s asleep in moments.



++++
Jolie says nothing the next morning - he’s not even sure when she gets up. Somehow, she’s
managed to crawl out of the bed without waking him, and has left him buried in the warm
blankets, all of which smell like her. That powdery, honey-scented soap, and her stupid
curlflower tea. He blinks slowly, taking in the plasma orb’s half-light through the veil of
sheets. He’s pretty sure he’s never slept through someone else moving around so close.



By the time he heads up the ladder, Groot is waiting for him.



“I am Groot.”



“Whaddaya mean?”



The Flora Colossus shrugs emphatically and spreads his hands. “I am Groot.”



Rocket’s brow furrows, already half-furious, when Gamora storms out of the cockpit,
followed by Quill.



“Oh, good,” Gamora says. “Maybe you can talk some sense into him.”



Rocket blinks. “Quill?”



“No, stupid,” the Terran man scoffs, and Rocket bristles. “Drax.”



“I am Groot.”



As if on cue, the Kylosian storms out of the cockpit as well.
“Speak of the devil,” Quill grumbles. “Decided to stop bothering Jolie?”



“Jolie says I am not a bother,” Drax says firmly. “But she also says you are not cowards, so
perhaps she is not a good judge of character.”



“Unbelievable,” Rocket mutters, watching as the three of them begin arguing. He hoists
himself onto one of the barstools. “I need - “



Groot anticipates him, passing him a handled, wide-mouthed mug full to the brim with
coffee. Scalded and unsweetened - not like Jo makes it - but maybe Rocket needs the
bitterness right now. He tosses it back - too hot. His tongue feels scraped and raw.



“I am Groot.”



“Little late on the warning, buddy.”



“- need to stop being so selfish,” Gamora is snapping, and it sets Rocket’s teeth on edge. “We
cannot risk Ronan getting this stone, or he and Thanos will do to millions what was done to
your wife and daughter!”



“I am Groot.”



Rocket feels his ears twitch toward his friend in spite of himself. “She did?”



“I am Groot.” The Flora Colossus slides him a plate piled high with rehydrated eggs,
moonfish, and fat Spartaxian vineberries. Rocket tosses a vineberry in his mouth with a snap
of his jaws, and the taut reddish-purple skin bursts in an explosion of sweet juice.



“-dare to speak of my wife and daughter. You are not worthy of saying their names!”
“Lay off, Conan,” Quill’s snapping. “We all need to take a breath. I’m not a fan of the
Asgardian plan either, but we can’t just rush headlong into confronting Ronan.”



“I don’t need you defending me,” Gamora hisses at Quill.



“It is not rushing,” Drax is already growling, “if I have already been waiting for years!”



“ENOUGH!” Rocket bellows, lurching up to stand on the stool. “I’m about two seconds
away from tossing you all out the frickin’ airlock!”



He points a clawed finger at Drax, who is gaping in sudden silence. “This ship - my ship - is
headin' to Asgard. Get that through your thick head, asshole.”



Drax looks startled, and lifts both hands as if he’s trying to measure the width of his skull.



Rocket points at Gamora. “You’re supposed to be the reasonable one of this bunch of
baldbodies,” he snarls. “If you been lettin’ them two idiots scream like this over Jolie’s head
while she’s been trapped in the cockpit for the last two hours, I’ll kill you myself.”



Gamora looks startled, her eyes flicking guiltily toward the bridge.



“And you,” Rocket drops his hand, but he’s fully glowering at Quill, eye-level with the
Terran. He injects every threat he can into his voice. “Call me stupid again and see what
happens.”



There is a long, long silence.



“I think we’re all just - really different people, with different goals,” Quill says - like he’s
suddenly totally rational - but even he sounds subdued. Nevertheless, Rocket’s temper flares.
“Are you children?” he asks softly, borrowing from Jolie’s habit of unnervingly hostile
politeness.



Quill blinks. “Uh - “



“Then FIGURE IT OUT!” Rocket roars. All three of them wince. He sits, and spears a
forkful of egg. “Now, I’m gonna eat my breakfast in peace. If you can’t shut up, then get the
hell out.” He jabs a thumb over his shoulder. “Airlock’s that way.”



He keeps eating while they all stand, frozen for a moment. Then Drax huffs, and Rocket
hears him throw himself on the couch - probably sprawling across the whole damn thing.
Gamora scoffs, and heads toward the ladder. Quill is gaping back and forth between the
couch, the ladder, and Rocket himself.



“I am Groot,” Groot says to the Terran, helpfully.



“Rocket,” Quill says at last. “You’re really just gonna give this thing up to the Asgardians? I
mean, I’ve been convinced, but I didn’t think you -”



Rocket turns in his chair and glares at Quill, then Drax on the couch. “Who said anything
about givin’ it? I’m feelin’ pretty confident we can convince ‘em to pay us for our troubles.
We’re talkin’ to their Allfather, or whatever. He’s gotta have units to spare. And,” he adds
pointedly, “I wanna see if I can get my hands on some Asgardian weapons. I’ve heard they
commission some real nightmares from Nidavellir - I mean, if Nidavellir is even real and not
just some pretty little intergalactical myth. If Drax was smart - “ Rocket glowers in the
Destroyer’s direction “ - which I doubt, he’d try to get his hands on some too, because it’ll
probably be the only way he’ll ever stand a frickin’ chance against Ronan.”



Quill looks nonplussed, and even Drax half-sits at that little sidenote.



“Now are we done talking shop?” Rocket grouses. “I just wanna eat my food before it gets
cold.”
  “You mean you just want to go hang out with your girlfriend,” Quill smirks, and Rocket feels
  his heart drop into his feet, and then lurch right back up unto his throat.



  “I will fuckin’ end you,” he growls.



  “I am Groot,” offers Groot.



  “And you’re not helping!” Rocket snarls at his friend.



  Quill snickers and turns on his heel, and Rocket fumes, one claw curling around the edge of
  the full plate. He almost chucks it at the Terran’s head, and just barely restrains himself.



  “Yeah, keep goin’, tough guy,” Rocket calls after him, sneering - but Quill just continues on
  his way to the lower level, chuckling and shaking his head.



  “I am Groot.”



  “Shut up,” Rocket snaps.




Chapter End Notes



    Asgard's like, canonically SO FAR from where they'd be leaving Nowhere. I'm pretty
    sure Thor: Ragnorak saysit's like 18 months to travel from Xandar to Asgard. But uhm.
    I'm just fucking around so we're gonna say a couple cycles to maybe half a rotation,
    depending on how bad you overload your jumps.

    Also I surprise-rewrote like 80% of this last night so apologies for any typos I missed in
    my re-read, or anything that doesn't QUITE make sense. I'll probably come back and
    reread it before the next chapter gets posted (once my brain has had the chance to
    refresh itself) and clean up anything messy.
Coming soon: Chapter X. Thin Fucking Ice.
in which our heroes get fucked. Not in the good way.
                                   Chapter 10: Thin Fucking Ice.
Chapter Summary



      in which our heroes get fucked. Not in the good way.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Jolie hadn’t been able to hear exactly what Rocket had been yelling about in the common
   room a few rotations earlier, but she’s grateful to not have had to navigate Drax, Gamora, and
   Quill fighting over her head since then. It had felt - ominous. Weighty. She could feel it
   pushing down on the crown of her head, compressing all the vertebrae in her spine.

   Reducing her.

   Then they’d filtered out of the cockpit almost organically - taking their complaints to her
   copilot, her secret-hero. He’d yelled whatever-he’d-yelled, and now - well, she wouldn’t say
   the tension has eased, exactly, but it seems like everyone is being more or less civil. Drax, at
   least, seems mollified, and without him paddling against the current, the whole little band of
   misfits collectively breathes more easily.

   Regardless of whatever wisdom or degradation Rocket had heaved at them, they’d fallen
   quiet. When the hero-in-question himself had entered the cockpit looking grumpier than
   usual and tossed a pack of zargnuts at her head, she hadn’t said anything - just caught his eye
   and gave him her most-grateful smile.

   She could tell the second he clocked it because his eyes immediately shifted to the flight
   controls and he’d scoffed at nothing.

   Jolie had already been planning on avoiding any mention of their sleeping together again -
   but now that impulse is reaffirmed and she blesses her instincts once more. She refuses to
   give Rocket even the faintest inclination toward self-consciousness, or to make him think that
   he shouldn’t feel welcome to share the bed whenever he feels like it.

   She wants him there as often as he’s willing to join her.

   And she’d be lying if she didn’t admit - at least to herself - that the want had only grown
   stronger since she’d stretched herself awake this morning only to find him tucked against her
   breasts like the softest semi-circle croissant. She’s pretty sure she’s never seen him so utterly
   relaxed: nose twitching, those fluffy-looking ears at rest, the soft fabric of his pants riding
   low at the base of his spine where his legs curled up and into his abdomen.
The tip of his tail, feathering drowsily against the skin just inside the half-unbuttoned collar
of her shirt.

Jolie had held her breath, trying not to react until she’d been able to ease herself away and off
the foot of the bed.

She’d gotten in the shower and had considered, briefly, releasing some of the shivery-silver
tension that had been building in her abdomen and between her thighs. But she’d just known
she’d be thinking about him, and it felt weird to think about someone - someone who’d never
asked to be the subject of her fantasies and would probably have been appalled by them -
while getting herself off.

Sooner or later, this tension will build to the point where she does it anyway, she thinks. Not
intentionally. She’ll try to think about anything but him - she just knows it’s not gonna work.
Today will not be the day she gives in, however. Instead, she resolutely turns off the heating
lamps, cranks up the cooling fans, and takes the coldest sonic shower of her life.

It only takes minutes for her to decide, teeth chattering, that moral convictions are fucking
stupid.

Still. It seems that not-bringing-up Rocket’s midnight decision to join her in their little nest is
the right call. There’s no way to say it, Jolie thinks, other than that she is rewarded for her
discretion. In the rotations that follow, when she wakes just enough to shift and shuffle her
limbs into sleepy new positions, her fingers find fur every time: Rocket’s warmth and the soft
placid hush of his breathing, curled into a contented crescent under their shared tangle of
covers, pressed into her thigh or flank or belly. He doesn’t join her till after she’s fallen
asleep, and he’s often gone before she fully wakes, but to stir and find him in the middle of
her hazy dreams is a gift.

If she’s supposed to be counting her blessings, she guesses she should be grateful that - as far
as she can tell - there haven’t been any other times when they might’ve been in a
compromising position. The cost of making him uncomfortable is too high to risk that again,
though apparently she has no such qualms with torturing herself.

And so this is how the space between Knowhere and Asgard unfolds: the coziest, rosiest
nights she’s had in years - decades, probably, if she wants to waste time doing the math - and
days spent cascading through jump-points like honeycombs and stardust like spilt glitter.
Snacks tossed at her head by a grumpy copilot who she’s basically-desperately-in-love-with-
shhhh, and the clinking of his inventions, and an uncountable number of golden-hearted
flowers in her hair. And the fragile beginnings of - well, maybe they’d all still disagree and
say Jolie, you moron, this is an uneasy alliance at best - but she’s going to call it a family and
let the word curl up like a kitten in her heart.

She suspects that Groot, at least, would agree with her in this.

When they finally reach the pocket of starry galaxy that cradles the Realm Eternal - hung like
an island in the sky, like a more-feral version of the Neverland she’d seen painted in books as
a kid - Pete slows the Gemma Lynn to a crawl, and Jolie slides into the copilot’s seat.
She calls in a formal request to Heimdall, asking for permission to land. In her experience,
he’s likely already noticed that they are on their way, and may even have picked up on why
they’re here. Asgard still has traditional comms, specifically for sending outgoing
transmissions to the admittedly-rare space travelers who approach Asgard through traditional,
non-Bifrost means. Usually, Heimdall uses them to offer her a warm - if somewhat
intimidating - greeting, and to confirm landing instructions. The gatekeeper typically grants
her access to touch down on the Rainbow Bridge so he can confirm everything is above-
board, so to speak, then has her relocate to a landing field on Asgard-proper. In the past, a
handful of the Queen’s ladies - sometimes even Frigga herself - would meet Jolie there, but
since this visit is unplanned, she’s not sure what to expect.

“Heimdall, this is Jolie of Terra on the Gemma Lynn. I have a crew with me this time - we’re
a group of six. We’re seeking an urgent audience with Her Highness Queen Frigga or the
Allfather on a matter of utmost importance - “ she grins a little “- as I’m sure you know.
Permission to land?”

The comms crackle. From behind her, Rocket pauses in his tinkering and looks up as the
silence continues. Pete’s brow furrows and Jolie feels her little grin fading. Only Drax, who
has been lurking on the bridge all day, seems unperturbed.

“Weird,” Jolie utters, and leans toward comms again, repeating her message. “We’re
requesting landing access,” she says again. “We have an urgent request that we need to relay
to the Allfather. We’re bringing news that has the potential to impact the entire galaxy,
including the Nine Realms.” She hesitates. “We should arrive in twenty.”

There’s still no response, and she feels her brow crease with worry and her shoulders twist up
into her jawline. She’s been out here at least a dozen times, and Heimdall has never not
responded to her.

The crystalline Rainbow Bridge appears to be open and waiting for them when they land, but
as soon as they open the docking bay, step out, and stretch cautiously - Asgardian air always
smells better, Jolie thinks - there’s some sort of flurry of activity in the observatory. A pale,
bald man in dark armor stumbles out, running toward them. Jolie holds up a hand to her
friends, cautioning them, her brow furrowed.

Her gut is fluttering, and not in the nervous-but-golden way she associates with jump-points,
new art, and Rocket. Nope. When she looks around, it feels like there’s a thin gray film
between her and the rest of the world. Everything is happening from a distance and she can
see each piece slotting together, but she can’t catch even a glimpse of the whole picture yet.

Somehow, she just knows that it is going to be ugly.

“Well, you’re not Heimdall,” she says, channeling her best, most-pleasant customer-service
voice as the man reaches them and crouches, hands on his knees as he pants breathlessly.

“Uhm, no,” the man says. His head is tattooed, and he looks vaguely….shifty. The distinct
odor of mead and stale, mediocre sex hovers around him, crowding out all the sparkling
Asgardian sweetness. Jolie sees Gamora flinch and Drax cover his nose out of the corner of
her eye, and Quill looks positively queasy. Only Groot seems unphased.
“Yeesh,” Rocket mutters behind her, never one to hide his disparaging opinions. “Sorta
underwhelming performance from the Asgardian Welcoming Committee.”

Normally, she’d try not to chuckle at that - attempt to play the diplomat, and spare this
stranger’s feelings. But the residue of wrongness locks any real mirth off her lips. Laughing is
not even a temptation.

“Name’s Skurge,” the man wheezes, still hunched. “Heimdall’s replacement.”

Jolie blinks. “Is he okay?”

Skurge gathers up his breaths from where they’ve been dropped on the bridge beneath their
feet. “He was found t’be a traitor to Asgard. Neglectful of his duties. Odin banished ‘im.”

Jolie’s eyes narrow. “That is…surprising.” Heimdall - neglectful? Treacherous? No. More
pieces slide into place, clicking like pins in an impossible lock that she’s trying to pick. It’s
all even more troublesome, given that the Gemma Lynn had fully landed and they’d all
disembarked right onto the bridge before this… guy… had even realized something was
going on.

“Well. Skurge. It’s certainly something to meet you,” she says politely.

Skurge blinks like he’s sure he’s been insulted but doesn’t know how.

She doesn’t so much bury her misgivings - instead, she gilds them. Smiles again. Deadens
her eyes.

“My name is Jolie and this is the… crew of the Gemma Lynn. I’ve visited quite a few times
in the past? For art assessment, exports, and conservation. Today, uh, we’re here on a
different, urgent…mission, I guess. For the safety of the Nine Realms and the entire galaxy,
we need an emergency audience with the Allfather. I know you don’t know me, but I’ve
worked with the Queen a handful of times, and she can vouch for me.”

“Ah,” Skurge says, and a flicker of true remorse flashes across his face. “You haven’t heard.
Queen Frigga has left us for the halls of Valhalla.”

Jolie’s heart plummets into her boots and stays there, invisible blood seeping right through
her soles and into the shimmering crystal. The news is a doubled-up kick in the teeth, because
the Queen has always been one of Jolie’s favorite fucking people in this galaxy - never mind
the fact that they’d really only met each other on a dozen or so occasions.

It’s just that Jolie has so often thought about how lucky Thor and Loki were - to have such a
mother.

The second kick-in-the-mouth is that Frigga had been their best fucking hope of convincing
someone with both a record of actual personal responsibility and the disproportional power
needed to take this terrifying purple weapon of mass destruction off their hands.

Still, Jolie draws in a shaky breath and tries to remember the formal, traditional condolences.
“May she live long in the memory of the people of Asgard, and sit ever among her kinsfolk
in Valhalla,” she says, and means it. “I praise her for the greatness of her character, for the
steadfastness of her courage, and for the wisdom of her bright spirit.”

Skurge nods, his eyes dimmed by something that might actually be sorrow - surprising, but a
better sign than Jolie was beginning to hope for. He offers, “I can still, uh, announce you to
the Allfather. What did you want me to tell him again?”

“We want to give you the power stone,” Drax speaks up, and Gamora elbows him roughly.

“What’s wrong with you?” Jolie hears Pete hiss. “You’ve been squirrelly all day.”

Rocket just sighs, and even Groot grunts a little from where he stands.

Jolie closes her eyes for a minute. If this fuckin’ Kylosian weren’t so damn lovable, she’d -

“I am not a squirrel,” Drax says, affronted.

Jolie sighs, opens her eyes, and drags up a smile for the Asgardian sky before turning her
gaze back down to Skurge.

“I know the Allfather keeps a lot of rare - and in many cases, dangerous - relics in his vaults,”
she says. “We were hoping to… “ She hesitates. “To consult.”

“And maybe get some help covering costs,” Pete pipes up, and Rocket rumbles an agreement.
“You know, of travel and…things.”

Jolie tries not to roll her eyes. Speaking of lovable idiots. Gamora elbows him as well,
hissing something under her breath.

Skurge has already perked up, though. “Oh, the Allfather will be very interested to hear about
a… a power stone,” he says earnestly. “Let’s go.”

Jolie brow creases and she hums skeptically. “You’re going to…take us to him? Yourself?”

“Aren’t you supposed to guard this bridge or something?” Rocket adds, stamping one foot on
the crystalline structure and watching curiously as iridescence radiates outward from the
pressure. Jolie can tell he’s trying to figure out what it’s made from, how it reacts, and if he
can snatch a piece of it. Worthy wondering, she supposes - but right now she’s wishing he
would turn that awesome brainpower toward figuring out whatever it is that’s got her feeling
so much dread.

“Shouldn’t you also be here to open the Bifrost if someone needs it?” she asks Skurge, still
trying to parse it all out. “Not to mention…don’t you want us to move our ship?”

For a moment, Skurge looks conflicted, then shakes it off like a dog. “I’m sure it’s fine,” he
says uncertainly, and turns to lead the way.

Christ, this guy is not helping put her mind at ease. Jolie bites her lip, then exchanges looks
with her adopted family. “Whatever I thought was weird before is getting weirder,” she
confesses under her breath. “Should we - “ she winces. “Do we need to, like, abort, abort?”
She’s so mad at herself for even suggesting it, but even the blue sky looks threatening right
now.

“No,” Drax replies immediately, surprising her. He does look…squirrelly. Anxious, maybe?

“If even you’re getting the spooky-ookies - “ she starts.

“No,” he repeats. “We have traveled too long to leave right away.”

It’s not anxiety. Jesus Christ, what is going on? “Are you okay?” Jolie murmurs to the
Kylosian.

“You comin’?” asks Skurge, already partway down the bridge.

Drax grunts. “I will stay with the Gemma Lynn,” he says firmly. “You all go. Find out if the
stone can be safely kept here.”

“I am Groot,” offers Groot.

“Maybe leave the stone with Drax?” Pete asks the group under his breath. “Because, yeah,
I’ve never been here and even I can tell something’s up.”

“This doesn’t read right,” Jolie says, pathetically. But Gamora’s nodding and honestly,
Rocket just looks fuckin’ bored, so she watches - helpless and without anything to back up
her instincts - as Pete flips his jacket open and stealthily passes the orb to Drax.

“Well?” Skurge calls, sounding impatient and distressed all at once.

So Jolie puts one boot in front of the other, and walks into Asgard with her friends.

++++

The closer they get to the core of Asgard, the more Jolie’s heart crawls up her chest cavity
and then into her mouth. It folds itself onto her tongue, swollen and dangerous.

She remembers a book she’d read just after undergrad. It had told her that gut instinct and
intuition aren’t based on nothing: they’re a survival mechanism so old there isn’t a name for
the sixth sense of it. The animal-brain catches information too swift and subtle for the
philosopher-brain to parse through: the brief scent of the tiger in the reeds, the fleeting
expression of contempt on a lover’s face. Jolie wonders what information is slipping past her
logic right now, pinging that prehistoric radar in her vagus nerve.

There is no misreading or dismissing Odin’s glance of contempt, though. The condescension
ripples off him and trails on the pavers of the courtyard, caught in the folds at the end of his
robes.

He isn’t anything like Jolie expected. If she ignores his transparent disdain, she can see he’s
clearly in the midst of revelry and possibly a great deal of semipublic sexual debauchery.
And, okay, when she’s at her best, Jolie’s not one to kinkshame - but it seems like he should
still be mourning Frigga. She tries to squash down the shiver of resentment clawing its way
up her spine to match fists with the pure creeping terror she’s feeling in every moment since
she first sent that message to Heimdall. A person’s gotta grieve however they gotta grieve,
she tells herself.

But shouldn’t he be doing kingly, godly, Allfathery stuff during business hours or something?
Frigga had made it seem like he’d grown wiser over the centuries: more patient, more
thoughtful.

“Maybe this was a mistake,” she utters again under her breath to Rocket, who’s currently
peering around the courtyard in disgust. “I… misjudged. I misjudged. Fuck. We should go?”
She feels so defeated and honestly, scared, a panicked little animal in a trap. It must leak into
her voice, because her copilot shoots her a disgruntled look.

“No,” he reminds her. “You didn’t misjudge. Somethin’s weird. You noticed before we even
landed. But - “ He shrugs. “We all decided to check it out.”

He’s right. Of course he’s right.

But something still crawls under her fingernails, between her teeth. She’s missed something.
She’s forgotten something. She’s left the oven on at home.

Now her laughter comes, and she stomps on the nervous giggle that billows up in her throat
like a sickly cloud of steam. The effort’s wasted: the sound gets stuck behind her thudding,
swollen heart anyway.

The Allfather in question remains supremely annoyed as soon as he gestures away the actors
and groupies lounging with him. He beckons Skurge, hissing something about guarding the
bridge in case Thor returns.

Jolie’s mind rakes at that, tries to grip it and turn it over and examine it. Is this the missing
piece of the puzzle, the final pin in the lock? She knows the two Odinsson boys are a handful,
but have things gotten worse?

“I know, I know,” says Skurge, “but they said they wanted to bring you - I think the big one
called it a power stone?”

Odin blinks, and his frustration melts away. He gives Skurge one last dirty glare - “Get back
to the observatory and let me know if anyone else decides to make an appearance “ - and then
turns back to them with a winning smile on his soft, elderly face.

“That seems like trouble,'' Rocket mutters, and Jolie knows he’s referring to Odin’s sudden
change of mood upon hearing what they’ve brought to Asgard.

“The vibes are not great,” she agrees in a whisper, and prides herself on the understatement of
the year.

“Greetings - ahem - seasoned travelers,” the Allfather says jovially, and Jolie winces at the
not-so-subtle jab at their grubbiness compared to the clean splendor of Asgard. Skurge is
slinking off, like a dog with his tail between his legs - and Jolie is still missing something.
“I am Groot,” says Groot, and Odin waves a benevolent hand.

“Welcome, welcome, yes. I am Odin, Allfather of Asgard.” He reaches out and links his arm
with Gamora’s, patting her hand in a way that maybe should seem grandfatherly, but doesn’t.
“Tell me what I can do for you.”

Gamora hesitates - thank god Jolie isn’t crazy, thank god Gamora has clearly picked up on
the weirdness too. Even Pete seems a little distrustful at this point.

“Well,” the assassin says slowly, “as…Skurge has mentioned, we have an infinity stone.
Ronan the Accuser has been pursuing it on behalf of Thanos, and we’d hoped that the vaults
of Asgard might be a place where it can be contained and kept safe from those with nefarious
purposes. As I’m sure you can imagine -“ Gamora adds hastily “- for Thanos or Ronan to get
their hands on this stone could only cause misery for the entire universe, including the Nine
Realms.”

Odin chuckles, and the sound is uncomfortably dark and knowing. Abort, abort! Jolie thinks
again.

“Oh, I can imagine quite well,” the Allfather tells them.

Gamora’s face is closing up now. “Perhaps we shouldn’t have bothered you with this,
Allfather. We know of another organization that might -“

“Of course you should have,” Odin interrupts, his voice expansive and a bit too generous, too
generous. “The power stone will absolutely be in safe hands here. I’ll see to it that it is tucked
away safely in our vault, under the fiercest of guardianship, and I will personally oversee its
protection. What do you need in return, so that you may go back to your lives?”

Rocket’s ears tilt forward at that, but Jolie’s stomach drops.

“Now that you mention it,” Rocket starts, but Pete’s intervening.

“Uh, I changed my mind actually. I think I’m with Gamora on this one,” her fellow Terran
says abruptly. “We shouldn’t be bringing anyone else into this. It was a mistake to try to -“

“Really, dude?” Rocket’s complaining, exasperated.

Jolie’s eyes dart to each of them, one by one, trying to figure out what she isn’t seeing.

“Nonsense,” the Allfather interrupts, and his eyes twinkle as if he’s enjoying this exchange.
“Come. What would you have in return for your great service to the universe?”

“What service is that, Father?” asks a new, deeper, angrier voice, and Jolie watches Odin’s
face pale before the newcomer enters their view.

He’s tall, broad, and golden. Thor, her mind supplies immediately. She’s never met him, but
even if addressing Odin as father hadn’t given him away, how could anyone who’d heard of
him not recognize him?
She holds her breath, and hopes. Maybe this is the answer.

Odin stumbles a bit over his words. “Ah, my favorite son,” he greets, though it sounds like
his teeth are clenched. “These travelers come bearing a gift -“

“More like a curse,” Jolie murmurs without thinking, and she’s as surprised by the words as
her copilot, who’s flashing her a look that’s halfway to concern.

“Well, yes, I suppose one could see it that way, if not for the great safety that my
guardianship will offer the galaxy and the Nine Realms,” Odin reminds her. His voice is pure
annoyance.

“Allow me to introduce myself,” the elder Odinsson directs to their little group, with an edge
to his voice that Jolie feels sure is all for his father. “My name is Thor Odinsson, God of
Thunder and future King of Asgard. What is it you bring to my father to protect the galaxy
and Nine Realms?”

“An infinity stone,” Gamora supplies readily, apparently - like Jolie - thinking that this prince
might be a better ally than his father after all.

Thor’s eyebrows flare upwards. “An infinity stone?” he turns to his father. “And you’re
hoping to keep it here, Father? Truly?”

“You know, I didn’t expect you to return to Asgard so quickly, my son. And so…
unannounced.”

“Yes, well, heard that the Avengers may have found my idiot-brother’s brainwashing-scepter,
and I thought I’d let you know before I went to make sure it didn’t do any more damage,”
Thor is drawling. He sounds pissed. “I had a bit of a time getting the Bifrost to open. Any
idea why that might be?”

Odin chuckles weakly. “Well, my son -“

“And why you’re accepting another infinity stone, when just last year you ordered Lady Sif
and the Warriors Three to remove the reality stone from Asgard, so that we could keep it at a
great distance from the tesseract?”

“I wish I had a snack,” Rocket is telling Groot.

“I am Groot.”

“Wait, you had another infinity stone?” Gamora says, confused, at the same time Jolie’s
asking, “The tesseract?”

Thor looks at them both, impatience warring with well-trained chivalry. “Yes. We protect the
tesseract in our vault. We know it houses an infinity stone - the space stone. We came into
possession of the reality stone recently, and - knowing how dangerous it might be to keep two
stones in close proximity - my dear father ordered the reality stone to be taken to the other
side of the galaxy.”
“Seems weird to change his mind now,” Rocket deadpans, and surely - surely, Jolie thinks -
this must be the thing crawling across her scalp, setting all her little hairs acrackle.

“Indeed, wise rabbit,” Thor agrees. Rocket falters, then looks flattered - almost preening - but
before anyone can say anything more, Thor is lifting his father by the robes, shaking him for
good measure. “Isn’t it odd, father?”

“Okay! Okay.” Odin lifts his hands in surrender, his voice a little higher, less gravelly, more
silky - and annoyed. “Put me down, you brute.”

Thor just shakes him again and Pete’s trying to tentatively intervene, saying, “Look, we’re
not necessarily opposed to brutalizing the elderly, but the elderly have to really deserve it - “

Whatever glamour was around the Allfather slowly dissolves, revealing a slender man with
dark, sleek hair and a hunted look in his eyes, hanging from Thor’s massive fists.

“Well, that’s new,” offers Rocket, nonplussed.

“Meet my brother, Loki Odinsson,” Thor says through gritted teeth.

“Laufeyson,” Loki corrects, but it’s clear his heart isn’t in it. Thor scoffs and drops him
abruptly, and the trickster stumbles, and Jolie breathes a sigh of relief because this makes
sense now and everything is fine.

“Where is Father?”

“Wouldn’t you like to know?”

“Where is he?”

“I exiled him to your beloved Terra!”

“Wow,” says Pete.

“You guys got issues,” Rocket’s adding, sounding legitimately perturbed.

But it still doesn’t feel fine. Jolie clenches her jaw and retreats again into full dead-eyed,
customer-service smile, waving one hand at the brothers to get their attention. “Yes, hello,
thank you, this is all very fucked, but we are trying to hide an infinity stone.”

Thor sighs and turns back to her, his face already apologetic.

“By the way,” she adds grimly, still groping in the dark for the hidden safety latch, the thing
that will make it all make sense, the thing that will stop this nervous twist in her belly. “You
didn’t happen to drop off that reality stone with Taneleer Tivan, did you?”

Gamora sucks in a breath and even Rocket jolts a little, and now Thor looks suddenly
worried. He’s scanning them, looking for a hidden trick or ulterior motives, before he
reluctantly offers, “Yes…?”
“Mmhm,” is all Jolie can bring herself to say. Her mouth is sour. “Well, if you’re not going to
take the power stone, we need to go elsewhere,” she tells him, trying to make her voice firm.
Strong. “We have one place in mind where it might be safe. But if you have other
suggestions…?”

Thor’s already shaking his head. “The Collector was our best wager in protecting the reality
stone,” he says darkly, “though I am interpreting from your statement that it was not a wise
one.”

“In some ways, I guess that remains to be seen,” Gamora fills in, “but he was… eager to get
his hands on the power stone too.”

“We’ll be happy to get out of your hair,” Rocket interjects reasonably. “But it cost us a lot to
get out here, and -“

“Rocket,” Jolie admonishes. God, she’s already so tired. And mad at herself - for making
them come out here for nothing. “Let’s just - “ Can we just go? she thinks at him desperately.

“What?” he asks, all innocence. “I’m just wondering if our new, uh, allies wanna offer us any
material support -“

“Of course,” Thor intervenes smoothly, and his hand reaches out almost nonchalantly to
snatch his brother’s collar as the slender man attempts to stealth away. “We can refuel your
ship and provide fresh rations. And, if you stay the night, we can have a small contingent of
Asgardian warriors accompany you to your destination, to help guard you and the stone.
Where will you be headed?”

Jolie looks to Gamora, who looks almost as wrung-out as Jolie feels. “Back to Xandar, I
suppose,” the Zen-Whoberian says tiredly. “It’s not ideal - because ultimately, that’s where
Ronan would likely head with the stone anyway - but it’s our only back-up plan.”

“Xandar is a good choice,” Thor confirms, nodding thoughtfully. “The Nova Corps are
valiant and will protect it with their lives.”

“They may have to,” Gamora murmurs grimly.

“Yeah, well, we could do with some artillery, too,” Rocket interrupts, gazing up at Thor. “Just
in case. Was that an Asgardian plasma blaster I saw from the bridge? I’d love to -“

“I assume you must be the weaponsmaster, then,” Thor says with a deferential nod, and
Rocket’s chest puffs up again.

“I am, actually, yes.” A pause. “And possibly also the captain. We’re still working on that
one.”

Another thing Jolie would’ve laughed at - would’ve reveled in the flickering warmth of - if
she wasn’t feeling so nauseous.

“I am happy to show you some of our finer armaments,” Thor is telling Rocket
conversationally. “Unfortunately, most of them are built for gods. Your small body will lack
the strength to wield the majority of them.”

Rocket’s ears twitch. “I’m stronger than I look - “

Thor’s already shaking his head. “I mean no insult, Captain. Only that you are not a god.
Even the strongest mortal form would simply crumble upon wielding such a weapon - even
as your mind collapsed into madness.”

Rocket pauses and reconsiders. “Is it bad that that kinda makes me wanna do it more?”

Jolie rubs her temples. Christ. She has the world’s worst headache.

“We can still look,” Thor is telling Rocket kindly. “Please follow me. We’ll set you up with
the finest Asgardian hospitality for the night, while I torture my brother to find out where on
Terra he put our father.” He grins at them warmly, still gripping Loki by the back of the neck.
“Also, I met your fine friend out by your ship. He was similarly hoping for access to
Asgardian weaponry.”

“Really?” Rocket asks, bemused, and Thor nods as he begins to lead the way into the vaulted
halls.

“I had asked him to relocate to the landing fields, and he said he could do so in short order - “

“That jackass better not be tryin’ to fly my ship - “

“ - as soon as the party you are waiting on arrives.”

Jolie freezes, her mouth pulling into something between a frown and a sob, and she hazards a
horrified glance at the others.

It wasn’t anxiety, she thinks.

“I am Groot?”

Both Thor and Loki whip their heads around to stare at the Flora Colossus, twin looks of
horror spilling across their very different features.

“No way,” Rocket is telling his friend. “There’s no way Drax -“

It was anticipation.

Jolie’s ears pop suddenly - painfully - like vast amounts of air have just been displaced, and
there is a low, rumbling boom that shakes the ground beneath their feet.

“What - ?”

“I am Groot.”

Thor’s already turning, gazing in the direction of the crystalline bridge, but nothing is visible
from here. He grips the trickster by the throat. “We are not done, brother,” he growls, and
then launches into the air, led by Mjolnir.

“Uh, we follow, right?” asks Pete, but Rocket’s already cursing. His eyes are furious.

“Groot think Drax sent a transmission to Ronan before we left the Tranta system,” he says.
“Thinks he told them where we were going after I said - I said he should try to get Asgardian
weapons instead of takin’ on Ronan himself - “

Jolie doesn’t wait for him to finish. “We’ve gotta get to the Gemma Lynn, then,” she’s saying.
“We have to get this stone away from Ronan, especially if he finds out that the space stone is
- “ she cuts herself off, and turns. Gamora and Quill are already running back the way they’d
come, and she huffs a breath and picks up her own pace. She’s not for long-distance, but she
can sprint clumsily at quite a clip when she needs to. Behind her, she hears the Flora
Colossus striding along to the tune of Rocket lamenting his crew of idiots and morons.

The coast is already aflame when they arrive - there is screaming, yes, but also the battlecries
of scores of angry Asgardians defending their home. A Sakaaran fleet of ships and war-pods
hangs in the air, firing, and Asgardian battle skiffs are zooming in, shooting back. Jolie stops
short at the foot of the crystalline bridge as ash and bodies and large pieces of debris crash
down.

“You have the stone?” someone asks abruptly.

“Whoa, lady,” Rocket snaps, and Jolie whips around to face a beautiful, brawny, blond-haired
woman.

“My name is Hildegarde, and I am a trusted friend of the true Allfather and an ally to Thor,”
she says. “You have the stone?”

Pete holds up a cautionary hand to the rest of them. “One of our party does.”

Hildegarde nods with a grim smirk. “I see you’re on guard against Loki masquerading as
another ally,” she says, her voice dry. “That is good. But I am not here to take it. Where is
your ship? You and your crew need to go - now. We will try to hold off the Accuser.”

“Our ship is there,” Jolie says, pointing to where the Gemma Lynn sits on the far end of the
bridge, surrounded by fire and gods, the Dark Aster looming nearby.

Hildegarde looks out at the carnage with furrowed brows. “Thor said you are headed back to
Xandar, yes?” she asks. “Thor will draw attention to the skies over the sea, and then I will
escort you down the bridge. Once you secure your ship, stay low as you move inland, over
the Asgardian mountains - and then move west across Vanaheim, and exit our airspace over
the sea in that direction. If we cannot finish Ronan, we will distract him as long as we can
and send a fleet to join you on Xandar. Either way, trust we will send word.”

“I’m gonna kill Drax,” Jolie can hear Pete muttering in the background. “I’m gonna kill
him.”
Hildegarde takes off, lunging into the fray of bullets and blasts and blood, shouting to Thor.
Thunder sounds, electricity crackles, and the golden god soars into the air, pulling the firing
blasts in his direction as he goes. He slams Mjolnir into the base of one of the Sakaaran
warship carriers, and the entire thing flips in the air a few times, the hull visibly crumpled.

“Now!” Hildegarde reappears just up the bridge, gesturing to them. Gamora’s drawn her
sword, and Pete has his quadblasters out. Jolie realizes she’s already got her own blaster and
pistol in her hands - she must have drawn them instinctively at some point. Rocket’s
unsnapping his laser cannon from his back, looking sideways at her scrutinizingly, then
turning to Groot and tossing him a couple handmade blasters that she doesn’t recognize.

“Let’s go,” Rocket says, and leaps nimbly up on top of Groot’s shoulder.

They hit the bridge running, taking out any Sakaaran soldier that disembarks, shooting at the
battleships and war-pods and aiming for the engine vents when they get the chance.
Hildegarde and Gamora handle any short-range enemies with ease, but the crystalline bridge
is not meant for running - Jolie feels her feet sliding from beneath her on more than one
occasion, and she grits her teeth. Her laser pistol gets out a couple dozen solid shots before
suddenly clicking her hand - overheated. She doesn’t reholster it, using the burning-hot barrel
as a club whenever someone gets too close to shoot with the quadblaster gripped her other
palm.

“You good, doll?” she hears Rocket call, but she’s too focused to respond. The Gemma Lynn
is so close - so very close. As a group, they bank sharply around the side, toward the airlock,
and then skitter to a halt.

Before them - previously hidden from view - is Drax on his knees, and Ronan looming above
him.

“I doubt I’ll remember killing you either,” Ronan is telling him, raising his cosmi-rod.

Jolie doesn’t think. If she had, she might’ve actually shot the Kree Accuser with her
quadblaster.

Instead - stupidly - she chucks her overheated laser pistol at him as hard as she can.

It clonks him solidly in the head.

Ronan wheels toward them as Jolie skitters backward, and he’s slamming down the hammer
in their general direction before she can even register it. The concussive force throws them all
back: even the muscle-bound Hildegarde crashes onto her shoulderblades and slides along the
bridge.

But Jolie is the closest, and when the wave of power hits her, she flies backward, lungs
emptying in mid-air, and something crunches in her leg. By the time she hits the ground, it
feels like her whole nervous system has become acid, or magma. Heat is flooding up and
down her entire being, scalp to toes, so loud and fiery that all she wants to do is scream. So
she does - just once, a little one - and it still rips out of her throat like an enemy. Her face
feels tight, scalding, and her mouth tastes like ashes and vomit. She looks down, and her leg
is all wrong: the thin stretchy fabric of her pants is torn and dark and sticky, and something
red and white -

Fuck me, she thinks flatly, distantly, with a perfect clarity she wishes she’d had when she first
landed on this stupid bridge. Pain and adrenaline sharpen her brain like a blade, for just a
moment. I’m a goddamn moron.

The quadblaster is gone, flung away when she was tossed through the air. She scrambles back
on her hands and ass, dragging her screaming leg up the bridge, away from the open airlock.
A streak of liquid-red stains the rippling rainbow glow of the crystal in her wake.

A moment of clarity is all she needs, she supposes.

“Who threw that?” the Accuser demands, seemingly baffled and offended by the indignity of
it all. The others are all still to the portside of the Gemma Lynn’s airlock, largely unarmed
thanks to the concussive blast. Gamora’s down, but Rocket’s there, and maybe they can all
get to safety if Jolie doesn’t fuck this up. Her copilot is looking at her, eyes conflicted - no,
hunted - like he’s torn between trying to help her and fleeing.

So flee, she thinks at him with all her might.

She catches and holds his gaze, makes what she hopes is an apologetic face, and mouths the
word: go. Then she drags herself back further.

“I said, who threw that?”

“I did,” she calls out then, and as soon as Ronan’s attention is on her, she smiles as sweetly as
she can and adds pleasantly, “you self-important, weak-minded, maggoty zealot.”

The Kree Accuser’s face turns thunderous. He turns and steps toward her and Jolie scrambles
back, leg hot and twisted and dragging, like the bone’s been melted only not because it’s still
so splintery-sharp and rigid and unforgiving. Ronan’s shadow falls over her as he advances,
silhouetted against the bright Asgardian midday sky. She sees it in crisp detail, everything
utterly clear and stark -

But then Rocket’s there, trying to yank her up by her elbow, claws burying themselves deep
in the soft flesh of her inner arm, and so stubbornly in the way. He’s yelling at Groot, yelling
at Drax, yelling at her - and Ronan’s raising the Cosmi-rod.

And Rocket is still in the way.

She grabs her copilot by the straps of his jumpsuit from where he’s parked himself half-in
front of her. Faster than she might’ve thought possible, she twists at the waist and pulls him
under her torso. She hears him yelp - “hey!” - in pure, undignified surprise. Her leg crunches
again, audibly, and a fresh lance of pain spears up and down through the core of her. She
screams, muffled, into the fur of Rocket’s throat and shoulder before she can stop herself,
then pulls him further under the shelter of her body and tucks his head against her breasts as
the shadow of Ronan’s hammer starts its descent.
There’s a crackle of thunder, the ozone-like scent of electricity and fire, and a soft boom, and
suddenly Drax is there, picking her up, and the pain in her leg seems to be cutting straight up
her spine and into her brain. Blindly, she hangs onto Rocket, dragging him with her as she’s
tossed over Drax’s shoulder. Rocket’s legs dangle down the Kylosian’s back and Jolie’s arms
are full of fur and armor and claws but she’s not letting go, nope, not for anything. Drax
stumbles onto the Gemma Lynn, and in the moments when she can crack open her eyes, she
sees that Groot is right behind them, carrying an unconscious Gamora. Someone slams the
airlock shut and Rocket is still hanging from her arms, bellowing now. Pete is yelling too, and
moving, and then she’s spilled out on the coffee table. The thud of her leg on the hard surface
startles a strangled, dying-animal squeal from her lungs and she hisses at herself, furious for
letting that shrieking little sound escape.

“Let go, sweetheart. Frickin’ let go.”

It takes all her concentration to uncurl her fingers from where they’re locked around the
straps of Rocket’s armored vest and jumpsuit. He’s a warm weight on top of her and she’s
afraid if she loosens anything - if she’s not pressed down into the table - she’s going to feel a
lot more than she already does.

“Sorry sorry sorry sorry - ”

She hears the chanting before she realizes it’s coming from her own mouth - but she does
make herself let go. Rocket rolls off her, and yeah, without his weight grounding her, the only
thing she has to focus on are the waves of jagged pain, pulsing and stabbing like her whole
skeleton is in rebellion. For a second, she sees Rocket’s face above her: tight, worried, but
controlled.

“I am Groot.”

“The Luphomoid cyborg - she got the stone while I was fighting Ronan,” she hears someone
say miserably - Drax, she thinks - and Rocket’s whipping around. She can hear both him and
Pete yelling, just roaring - or maybe that’s the sound of her own blood. Focusing is hard and
she can’t make out the words.

“I. AM. GROOT.”

Then Pete’s moving past them - a blur, an impression of fury and intention - and Rocket is
facing her again.

“Sorry sorry sorry,” she’s still panting. “Sorry, that was so fucking stupid - I know, I’m a
moron - are you okay? Did he -?”

She doesn’t feel the Gemma Lynn take off but she’s pretty sure they’re moving now. That, or
she’s just so out of it that the world feels like it’s rushing around her.

“Shut up,” Rocket’s spitting, furious. “I’m fine.” She thinks he’s demanding med packs. Drax
is subdued, handing them over. “Get this on Gamora,” she hears Rocket tells Groot. Her
vision is blurry and swimming but she thinks she can see him shoving one of the packs at the
Flora Colossus and thumping himself on the left side of his chest. “Right here,” Rocket says,
and then turns back to Jolie and peers down at her leg darkly. “This ain’t good,” he tells her.

“It doesn’t - it doesn’t feel great,” she concedes breathlessly, and tries for a laugh that doesn’t
quite sound right. “Sorry. Sorry. I think that fucker stepped on me.”

“He did,” Drax says solemnly from where he’s tucked himself, inconsolable against the
bulwark. “He ground his foot into the open bone.”

She thinks Rocket flinches, but it’s hard to be sure of anything right now. Her brain feels like
it’s short-circuiting, fizzling sparks and static into her vision.

“It’s fine,” Jolie says, and she’s not even sure what she’s saying anymore. She thinks she
might be slurring. How much blood has she lost through that open shin, cracked like a
pencil? “I’m fine. My own fault. Take the leg, doc.” She tries to chuckle, but it sounds weak
and haggard and pale to her own ears. Is she even making sense? What are words? Who cares
even, really? Sleep suddenly seems like a welcoming shore, if she can just swim through the
pain to get there.

Rocket’s cursing again, and he snarls at Drax over his shoulder, “Get over here, tough guy.”
His voice softens a little. “Jo.” His fingers, narrow and leathery and so warm, so nice, grip
her chin and turn her face. Not a bad way to go, she thinks. “Jo. Look at me, sugardrop.”

“Sorry,” she gasps out again, flicking open her eyes. She hadn’t realized they’d fallen shut. “I
am,” she promises. “I’m looking.”

His face is grim. “This is gonna hurt. A lot. And this selfish, moronic shitbag -” he jabs a
finger at Drax “- is gonna sit with you, and he’s gonna hold your hand, and he’s gonna put his
forearm in your mouth. And you’re gonna bite him as hard as you need to. Got it?”

Jolie feels her eyes go huge: a little burst of resistance behind all the exhaustion and hurting.
“What? No, I am not.”

“You’re already on thin fuckin’ ice,” he snarls, softness forgotten, “so don’t argue with me.”
He gestures furiously to Drax, who obediently crouches on the floor behind her, takes her
hand - with infinite gentleness - and places his forearm squarely between her teeth before she
can protest further.

Rocket looks down at her a moment, almost searchingly, and then winces at whatever he sees
in her face. “M’sorry, princess,” he mumbles, and snaps the med pack over her shattered shin.

The world is all blinding white-fire pain, clean and scalding, shot through with hot electricity:
exploding, collapsing, exploding again. She loses part of herself in the void for a moment,
and then almost as quickly as it flares, the screaming white fades.

Dissipates.

Dissolves.
Slowly, slowly, the world takes shape around her. She is aware that she has a mouthful of
coins, and her tongue is coated in the flavor of pennies and nickels. When logic sweeps in,
just enough to tell her it’s blood, she thinks it’s her own at first - but then some distant part of
her recalls that Drax’s arm is in her mouth, and she’s faintly surprised that Kylosian blood
tastes so much like a Terran’s.

“Is she okay?” she hears Gamora say tiredly, and Jolie squeezes Drax’s hand gently,
gratefully, before tugging his arm away.

The pain is a ghost now, a deep ache, but she’s still panting and sweating, hair clinging
damply to her neck, and it feels like she’s run a fucking marathon. “I’m fine,” she says
shakily.

“Water,” she hears Rocket snap at someone, and then Groot is pressing a cool mug into her
hands. “Take some to Quill too,” her copilot orders. “Don’t need him passin’ out while he’s
flying my ship. Then get these two something to eat. Protein an’ sugar.”

Jolie pushes herself into a sitting position. The world spins - tilts on some unknowable axis -
and settles. Rocket’s hand is gripping her upper arm, holding her steady. Drax’s eyes are
closed, like he’s reliving some nightmare he can’t shake - and Gamora is sitting on the floor
next to the coffee table, her back leaned against it, looking as beat up and exhausted as Jolie
feels. She has her own cup of water, gripped in shaking palms. Jolie reaches out, letting her
fingers brush Gamora’s shoulder, and the assassin reaches up with her opposite hand to
squeeze Jolie’s fingers.

“Where are we?” Jolie asks. “Do we have anyone tracking us?”

“I am Groot,” Groot replies, ducking back out of the cockpit.

“No,” Rocket translates. “We just left Asgardian airspace. Quill’s got us on a circuitous route
that hits fifty jumps every twenty minutes. It’s gonna take a toll on our bodies, but it’s the
fastest we can go without seriously risking screwing our insides up.”

Jolie feels herself flinch. Hard. Guiltily. “I’m - so fucking sorry,” she says miserably, and her
voice hiccups at the end. “I don’t know why I did that of all things -”

Rocket silences her with a slashing motion of one clawed hand. “I’m way more pissed about
whatever you thought you were doin’ at the end there, but we can talk about that later.”

She cringes and he glowers, but if he thinks she’s going to apologize for trying to distract
Ronan - or protect him - they’re going to be in for a long fight.

For now he just rolls his eyes. “And as for throwing your gun at him - it was dumb, but the
rest of us were too stunned-stupid to do anything at all. ‘Cept this asshole,” he adds, jabbing
his thumb at Drax. “This asshole thought it would be a good idea to tell Ronan where we
were goin’.” Rocket’s pointing at Gamora, then at Jolie, but his eyes never leave Drax. “You
almost frickin’ killed ‘em both,” he’s snarling, and his voice climbs - almost cracks at the
end.
“I don’t - “ Jolie starts, and Rocket’s smashing her words out of the air with another sweep of
his claws: furious. That viciously-sharp index finger levels on Drax now.

“None of this ever would’ve even happened if you hadn’t tried to single-handedly take on an
entire frickin' army!”

“You’re right,” the Kylosian agrees, so readily that even Rocket pauses, uncertain. Drax
swallows, and his voice is low and forlorn as he hangs his head. “I was a fool. I only - all of
my anger and rage - it was just to cover my loss.”

Rocket’s momentary stillness lingers for just a second, and Jolie doesn’t miss it - Drax’s
words hit something in him. But without missing more than a beat, he funnels it into fury.
“Oh, boo-frickin’-hoo,” he seethes. "’My wife and child are dead."’

Gamora’s head snaps up, Jolie feels her own eyes widen, and Groot gasps in horror.

Rocket’s already brushing them all aside. “Oh, I don't care if it's mean! Everybody's got dead
people! That's no excuse to get everybody else dead along the way!”

Jolie’s tired, and achy, but something in his words still open that crooked space behind her
sternum. I get all my friends killed. She hasn’t forgotten that quiet, scraped-raw confession.
And all she wants to do is crawl into bed and feel Rocket curl up against her belly, and rub
behind his ears until they both fall asleep. For, like, a million years.

“I am Groot.”

“We’re packing our jump-points now, right? Full acceleration?” she interrupts tiredly. “How
long will it take us to get to Xandar at this rate?”

Rocket’s eyes go huge, then narrow.

“We are not going to Xandar,” he says slowly, like she is profoundly stupid. “The only chance
we got is to get to the other side of the universe as fast as we can and maybe - just maybe -
we'll be able to live full lives before that whack-job ever gets there.”

“I am Groot.”

“We can’t,” Rocket replies flatly.

“We have to go to Xandar,” Gamora murmurs from the floor.

“No.”

“I am Groot.”

“I said no.”

“If Ronan has the stone, he’s going to use it to wipe them out,” Gamora tells the room tiredly.
“That’s billions of people, and that’s just to start. All of their blood will be on our hands.”
She hesitates. “Did Quill agree to abandon them?” she demands.
  Rocket flinches. “Quill agreed to focus on getting away until we could make a decision
  together,” he admits. “But come on. We’re one frickin’ ship and a small assortment of
  morons. What are we gonna do?”

  “Try to keep anyone else from having dead people,” Jolie says softly. “At least for as long as
  we can.”

  Rocket’s ears fall back and his eyes are big again, as earnest as she’s ever seen them. “This is
  a bad idea, sweetheart. It’s a very, very bad idea. It’s probably the worst idea you’ve ever had,
  and I’ll be honest, you got a lot of bad ideas. A long list of bad ideas, and that’s just from
  today.”

  “I’m sorry,” she offers up meekly. “I just…” she trails off, shrugs half-heartedly, and makes a
  little open-palmed gesture of supplication. “I don’t want to abandon them either.”

  “We can do more than the Nova Corps can on their own,” Gamora agrees. “We don’t even
  know if the Asgardians will make it in time to help them.”

  Jolie’s shaking her head. “We need to talk to Pete.” She hesitates. “The Ravagers say they
  want to… whatever; they’re like, fake-mad at him or something, but Yondu’s a secret softie
  when it comes to him. If anyone can grift the Eclector into joining us, it’ll be Pete. Still not as
  good as Asgardians, but more likely to be local.”

  “I am Groot.”

  “I will do whatever needs to be done to make things right,” Drax vows solemnly, “both for
  the people of Xandar and for all of you.”

  Rocket’s fuming, glowering up at her like he’s been betrayed by all this. She licks her lips,
  chews the bottom one.

  Rocket my love, she wants to say, but she doesn’t want him to think for a minute that she’s
  trying to manipulate him.

  “Rocket,” she says only, her eyes soft on him. “Do you want out?”

  She doesn’t know what she’ll do if he says yes because she’s told him the truth: she doesn’t
  like abandoning people - she’s kind of got a complex about it, to be truthful - and right now,
  he’s the most important person she’s got. But she also knows she has to give him an escape if
  he wants it.

  “I am Groot.”

  Rocket glares at Groot, then at her. He turns his glower on each person in the room, one by
  one. He wilts, - and then he’s whirling, enraged, and kicking one of the dislodged couch
  cushions repeatedly, as hard as he can. “You’re all. Making me. Beat up. The sofa,” he snarls.



Chapter End Notes
CW for canon-typical violence and descriptions of physical pain and injury. also i
rewrote a bunch of this today and did my best at editing for typos but i apologize if we're
messy today

thank you for all the kind and supportive comments. i swear, rocket-fans are the shiniest
goddamn gemstones in the galaxy. you all are so sweet. if you're not on tumblr, you
should probably join us because the rocket♡community is like, everything you could
dream of. you can find me with the same handle there ♡

Coming Soon: Chapter XI. Let It Be.
in which Xandar is saved and good lives are lost.
                                       Chapter 11: Let It Be.
Chapter Summary



      in which Xandar is saved and good lives are lost.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   It’s about 6 hours before they can reach Xandar, still following Quill’s 50-jumps-every-
   twenty-minutes plan. Four rotations would’ve been better on their bodies - this is too many
   jumps, without really leaving enough time to recuperate. Of course, if all this were just a
   frickin’ joy-ride, they could’ve taken a full two cycles each way.

   But the ride is remarkably low on any so-called joy, and unfortunately, speed is the only
   priority right now.

   And by speed, Rocket assumes everyone means hurtling toward their deaths.

   Jolie’s limping, shin and calf still mottled with wildflower-bruises. There’ll be a scar like a
   pink ribbon over the skin there once the contusions fade, but the medpack has done the most
   necessary work. Rocket knows she must still be feeling the swelling - the rub of muscle on
   bone, the ghost of fractures like a cobweb spidering across her tibia. She doesn’t sit though -
   of course she doesn’t, not till after she’s rationed out anti-inflammatories for everyone to help
   mitigate their inevitable jumpsickness.

   At least she’s grabbed some painkillers for herself and Gamora, though Rocket bets she only
   thought about it for the Zen-Whoberian’s sake. That concussive blast had taken her out too -
   maybe would’ve killed her. Busted ribs, and at least one had punctured a lung, probably from
   Quill trying to help her up. Then Groot had lifted Gamora to cradle her carefully onto the
   Gemma Lynn, and even with all his gentleness, Rocket’s pretty sure the big guy must’ve
   caused more soft-tissue damage. But what else could they do? At least they’d gotten the
   medpacks in time.

   And when had Rocket started caring so damn much, anyway? When had he started liking
   these idiots? When had he started thinking the Gemma Lynn only mattered as much as the
   morons onboard?

   Just in time for them all to end up dead, he broods.

   They all should eat but they’re too nervous. Employing his most-furious scowl, he makes Jo
   nibble on some dried fruit and orloni. To be honest, he’s gratified that it works - even if it’s
   just because she’s so fuckin’ soft that she hates to have him angry. Not that he isn’t already
   angry. But she’d lost a lot of blood, and he needs her to frickin’ eat.
She’d lost a lot of blood, and he needs her to eat.

Once she does so - narrowly avoiding him fully losing his fuckin’ mind at her - he huffs a
half-distracted good girl at her, and tries to just… sit. And listen. Jo, Gamora, and Quill are
all dreaming up some stupid plot, like if they can just put their wishes into words, things will
work out. Idiots and morons, each one of ‘em.

For possibly the first time, Rocket doesn’t have much to say. He’s just trying not to think
about how Jo had looked, spilled out on that crystalline Asgardian bridge, her hair slipping
out of her bun and her leg twisted at that sickening angle, one sharp spear of bone poking
through the torn legging above her boot.

He remembers what it’s like to have your bones busted open like that - broken up to be made
into something else. He’d been born into it. And he’s pretty sure he’d never have wanted that
kind of pain for her, not even when he’d thought he’d hated her. Thinking about it now makes
his stomach clench and revolt, trying to expel food that isn’t there.

And Drax said that piece-of-shit Ronan had stepped on her.

It’s almost the worst part of the whole thing. She’d been on some mindless crusade to - what?
Save them all? Save him, in particular, twisting him all up in her arms and underneath her
while being subjected to not just pain, but fuckin’ disrespect?

But it’s not the worst part - not quite.

The worst part is that for just a heartbeat or two, staring at Jo with a sickening hollowness in
his gut as she’d scrambled back and away from Ronan, he’d considered leaving her.

Even a cycle ago, even after he’d started thinking of her as some kind of friend - he’d have
left her in the dust if his or Groot’s life was on the line. He’s quick enough. Small enough.
He’s pretty sure he could’ve made it to the Gemma Lynn, if he’d tried. Left them all behind.

And what could he have done for her, anyway? How could he help her when he was only a
little more than half her height, disarmed by the concussive blast that had nearly thrown him
right off the bridge? What was he gonna do - be a crutch? There was no way she was getting
vertical with that kind of wound. But her gaze had found his like she’d been looking for it,
turning toward him like a fuckin’ flower wanting to face the sun. And her mouth had been
screwed up tight with pain, and her eyes had been so big in that pale, ashen face of hers.

She’d seen, he was sure. Even with her leg all crooked and wrenched, blood pouring
dangerously, she’d looked in his eyes and known he was thinking of abandoning her. And
what had she done? Not cursed him for a coward, even though she’d have been right to. No,
she’d looked at him with her stupid-soft eyes and the most apologetic twist to her lips.

Go.

And there, bright in his mind like a beacon, he’d remembered that moment between them:
less than two full rotations after he’d been his most bitter and mean-spirited, and barely one
day after she’d slept on the floor to keep his small-hearted, drunk ass company.
I think a lot about what I would’ve done if we hadn’t been able to get you off the Eclector,
she’d said.

What would you ‘a done?

Died trying.

Stupid. What does dying trying do? But he’d already known, because he’d fuckin’ felt it
when she’d first said it to him.

It lets a person know they haven’t been deserted.

So he’d leapt toward her - cursing her, cursing Drax, yelling for Groot - and he’d been
stupidly trying to get her up, to get her out of Ronan’s path. And her retaliation - the only
thing she’d even thought to do - was to clutch him to her chest, and cover him with her body.
Take whatever stupid sacrifice he’d been willing to make, and eclipse it with herself.

And he’d been stunned enough to let her. The whole galaxy had distilled into a panic of
pulsing heartbeats and fire and the crisp shadow of the cosmi-rod, and then it had spun. And
the only thing left around him had been warmth, and softness, and the memory of curlflower
tea - and the scent of blood. She’d screamed into his fur and he couldn’t remember the last
time he’d felt that fucked-up, and sick, and helpless.

That’s not true. He knows exactly when he last felt like that.

- sky -

Afterward, he’d learned from Groot that it had been Thor who’d saved them, blasting into
Ronan with a bolt of lightning and a hammer that looked like it had been shot from a laser
cannon. Groot hadn’t been able to say what had happened next - they’d all been too focused
on herding into the Gemma Lynn. But it had basically been a frickin’ miracle of timing.

“We gotta get into the Dark Aster,” Quill is saying. “Snatch the stone if we can, but we
should plan to have to surprise Ronan and deal with Nebula, in a worst-case scenario.”

What are you gonna do? Rocket thinks. How’re you gonna breach the hull?

“You’ll have to breach the hull,” Jolie says on cue, and Rocket flinches. Being so in sync
with her is probably the worst thing he can imagine right now. Well, it’s at least in the top
three.

“The Ravagers can do that - they’ve got the M-Ships,” Quill reminds her, and she snorts.

“Yeah, but they lack leadership,” she says. “Don’t get me wrong - Yondu’s a peach - but
coordinated strategic assaults are not exactly your clan’s specialty.”

“We split up,” Gamora says, and Drax is nodding. The Zen-Whoberian clears her throat
delicately. “The… muscle goes to the Aster. That would be Groot, me, Drax, Quill - it would
be better if we could get a Ravager or two with us - “
“If you’re looking for brains and brawn, that’s probably just Yondu,” Quill says drily.
“Maybe Tullk, but he’s a little past his prime.”

“Even better,” Gamora says drily. “Yondu comes with us, and that leaves the Ravagers to
operate under our captains’ leadership.” She nods toward Rocket and Jo, and Rocket feels his
ears flick. “Yondu can spare us two M-Ships, can’t he?” the Zen-Whoberian asks Quill.

Quill’s nodding. “Probably the Warbird and GK9 -“

“Just one,” Rocket says, and his voice cracks. He can feel his face flush under his fur, and he
scowls. It’s just ‘cause I ain’t said anything in a while. “We just need one. It’s gotta seat two.”

Jolie’s brow is furrowed. “It might be best for us to be in separate ships,” she says quietly.
“Just in case - “

“Just. Fucking. One,” Rocket says, and the words are a snarl rolled up behind his teeth. Other
words wait in his throat, crowding and clamoring and clawing to get out. Words like, how
else am I gonna keep you from doing something fuckin’ stupid? or, you’re lucky I don’t just
lock you up in the fuckin’ bunk.

Gimme an excuse, he thinks, and for a second all he can see is the smear of her blood -
translucent red glass over the living iridescence of the Rainbow Bridge - and all he can hear
is the looming death that’s patiently stalking them from behind. His lip curls back in a silent
growl.

Jo’s eyes are big and worried. “But if something happens - “

“The, uh, the Warbird,” Quill interrupts hastily. His eyes dart between Rocket and Jolie: back
and forth, like he can smell the invisible bomb hovering in the air between them. “She has
copiloting capabilities. Artillery and flight controls can be switched over between two pilots.
It shouldn’t, uhm - it shouldn’t be a problem.”

A little bubble of something uncomfortably friendly rises in Rocket’s throat, and he brutalizes
it into silence as quickly as he can, before any grateful glances or acknowledging nods can
escape him in Quill’s direction.

There’s a moment of tense quiet: expectant. And, as far as Rocket’s concerned, laden with
gunpowder just waiting to be ignited the minute Jo says something else stupid. But then her
shoulders - spun up right under either side of her jaw - slowly lower.

“The Warbird it is,” she agrees softly.

“It’s a good plan,” Quill says, stepping in before any other gaps can show themselves in this
absolute sieve of a scheme.

“It’s at least the best we’ve got,” Jo replies, with an exhausted, hopeless little half-grin that
makes Rocket’s teeth clench.

Because if any of these jackasses were being honest, they’d say it: it’s a shit plan. He opens
his mouth to give voice to it himself, but before he can scrape up some suitably-derisive
words, Quill is looking around and - for once - he seems to realize that nobody is feeling
great about this. Apparently, it’s a signal for the Terran man to dig deep and try to offer up
some truly terrible monologue about how they’re all losers.

Like it’s supposed to be inspiring.

“Usually, life takes more than it gives,” the Terran man is saying. “But not today. Today, it’s
given us something. It’s given us a chance.”

“To do what?” Drax asks.

To lose everything, Rocket thinks bitterly. All frickin’ over again.

“To give a shit,” Quill responds, and there’s something in his voice that maybe would’ve
moved Rocket if everything wasn’t so damn hopeless. “For once, to not run away.”

Rocket almost tells Quill that this is the worst frickin’ pep talk he’s ever heard, but then he
looks at Jo. She’s still pale, and tired, and chewing her lips. But she must feel his eyes,
because she glances over at him and gives that stupid-soft lopsided smile and, well, he’s
going to lose them all whether he stays or goes, isn’t he?

At this point, it’s probably better to just die with them than have to live through it again.

He can feel all the fight go out of him, the tension leaking from where he keeps it stored
under his prosthetic collarbone. He’s too fuckin’ tired to be mad anymore.

For now.

They transmit as soon as they’re in range. The entire team is huddled in the cockpit and on
the bridge, even though there aren’t enough seats and it’s incredibly cramped. The Gemma
Lynn feels like a coffin already, but everyone is hanging onto the sound of Quill’s voice as he
runs through the so-called proposal for the five-hundredth time, sending two transmissions:
one to the Nova Corps, and one to the Eclector.

Rocket looks around at them despondently, and his eyes lingering on each in turn. He
commits their faces to memory. “We’re all gonna die,” he mutters finally, resigned.

Gamora is the one who responds to it, and he’s grateful it’s her, and not Quill. “Well,” she
says, and her voice is still. Meditative, really. “I, for one, will be grateful to die among my
friends.”

Drax nods. “I was wrong about all of you,” he admits, his head still hanging a bit. “I am
grateful for your acceptance after my blunders. It is… pleasing, to have friends once again. I
will gladly fight beside you all. And in the end, I will see my wife and daughter once more.”

“I am Groot,” says Groot, and his voice is the gentlest rumble.

++++
“Quill! Yondu! Now!” Rocket bellows into the comms as Jolie banks the Warbird, pulling
back. He takes a millisecond to admire his handiwork: a nice gaping hole in the Dark Aster’s
starboard kern, courtesy of himself and a handful of Yondu’s Ravagers. He flexes his clawed
fingers, settling them back on the triggers of the Warbird’s artillery.

Things are working out so far. Maybe - who knows? - maybe they have a chance. If there’s
one thing Rocket knows, it’s that hope is frickin’ costly, but he lets himself entertain it for
just a moment.

As soon as he has the thought, they hear Yondu’s voice crackle over the comms. “Aw hell!
I’m goin’ down, Quill!” he’s shouting. “No more games with me, boy! I’ll see you at the end
of this!”

Welp. There it is. The first element of the plan to go to shit. Doesn’t bode well for the rest of
his little dreams. Rocket buries them while he squeezes the triggers, taking out a line of
Sakaaran pods as Jo sweeps the Warbird sideways, half-tilting the Ravager M-Ship to dodge
more fire. She’s nowhere near as good as he is, of course, but she’s a lot better of a pilot than
he’s ever given her credit for. She seems almost as much at home in the cockpit of the M-
Ship as she is on the Gemma Lynn.

“Think we can skip out of here and take the Warbird with us?” he asks, with a nod toward the
speakers where the Centaurian captain’s voice has just sizzled into silence.

She snorts. “Only if you want Yondu back on our tail.”

“He’s gonna be back on our tail anyway, once Quill figures out how to keep the stone from
him. Might as well take another ship with us when we go.”

“There are too many of them, Rocket! We’ll never make it up there!” Gamora’s voice echoes
over the comms, tinny and fizzing. Jo tilts the M-Ship, and both of their eyes search for the
Gemma Lynn, ready to try and clear a path. Before Rocket can respond, a cluster of
starblasters rise up - a full escort for their stupid little family.

“Peter Quill, this is Denarian Saal of the Nova Corps. For the record, I advised against
trusting you here. Prove me wrong.”

Jo immediately switches gears and leans on the thrusters, launching back into the fray like
they’d never stepped out of it. Rocket turns his attention back to taking out as many
Sakaarans as he can.

“There we go,” she murmurs to Rocket, lifting her chin to indicate the starboard hull as Quill
guides the protected Gemma Lynn into the hole they’d blown in the Dark Aster. From this
distance, the entry looks smooth, but Rocket knows that inside the ship’s hull, it’s gotta be
sheer chaos.

“Take care of my ship, Star-Munch,” Rocket mutters under his breath, and Jo elbows him
gently.

“Our ship,” she corrects lightly.
He rolls his eyes - but she’s still looking pale. A medpack can only do so much to mend bone
and tissue. He knows what she needs now is rest, but here they are.

“You better just watch yourself,” he says evenly. “Don’t think I’ve forgotten your little stunt
on Asgard. We’re gonna have words, princess.”

“You’re gonna have words,” she says placidly. “I’m just going to take whatever you decide to
give me.”

He cuts his eyes sideways at her because honestly, what he’d like to give her at this point - a
few hours removed from the panic of her blood on the bridge - is just a series of orgasms so
brutal and overwhelming that she can’t frickin’ leave the bunk for a cycle or more. It’s the
first time he’s let himself fully admit exactly what he wants to do to her, but oh well. Hard to
keep gettin’ into trouble when you’re pinned to a bed by absolute exhaustion, he thinks.

If anyone can find a way, though, it’s frickin’ Jo.

They bank again, sharply spinning a full one-eighty as Rocket squeezes the cannon triggers,
taking out another cascade of Sakaaran pods. Jo tilts the Warbird, taking them fully upside-
down in a tricky little maneuver that brings two enemy pods crashing together.

“You’re better at this than I expected,” he mutters, twisting the ball-joint that guides the
cannons and firing again.

“We make a good team,” is her only response.

They both fall silent abruptly as the silhouette of the Dark Aster blots out the light above
them.

“Fuck,” Rocket utters under his breath, and they both pause for a second and watch as a fleet
of Nova Corps starblasters rise up, attacking the Kree warship. The Nova Prime’s directive
cracks and pops over the speakers.

“All Nova pilots, interlock and form a blockade. The Dark Aster must not reach the ground.”

“Locked in!”

“Locked in.”

“We're locked in.”

Jolie whistles low as the starblasters form a perfect, glowing net. The Dark Aster bumps
against the net of light - pushes, strains against it. “That’s a neat trick.”

Rocket’s distracted, though - he’s pretty sure that’s a bunch of Sakaaran fighter-pods bearing
down on the city right now. He flicks Jolie’s forearm with one clawed finger and lifts his chin
in that direction. He doesn’t even have to say anything: she reads his gesture, sees the fighter-
pods, and swings the Warbird around and spirals down toward the planet, blasting forward
into pursuit. Rocket’s squeezing the triggers as soon as they get horizontal and in range.
Over comms: “They're dive-bombing the city! Denarian Saal, should we break formation?”

“No,” Saal says fiercely into the transmission. “Hold your positions!”

Rocket grimaces. He likes Saal - for reasons he doesn’t quite know himself - and he kind of
hates that he likes Saal. The guy’s a fuckin’ Nova Corpsman. Rocket shovels away the
thought for later, focusing instead on Jo cresting the Warbird just over the pedestrians. He
manages to take out a cluster of pods right before they can destroy a full bridge full of
terrified, fleeing Xandarans.

All these people are going to die anyway, he thinks grimly. We’re going to die.

Aloud, he says only into the comms, “Keep Ronan up there, Saal. We'll take care of the
people down here.”

He knows Jo’s just sent a quick glance his way, but he doesn’t have time to read it, because
she’s got them spinning toward the next cluster of Sakaaran pods and he’s demolishing
anything that looks like an enemy.

“I can't believe I'm taking orders - “ The comms crackle and the rest of what Saal says is lost
in a brief burst of interference.

Jo swings the Warbird across the city and flattens the M-Ship over a small waterway. “Here?”

He nods, and she tilts the ship upward as the Sakaarans continue their inexorable descent on
the city. Rocket flicks comms over to the channel the M-Ships are using, and raises his voice
over the explosions to the Yondu Clan. It’s not lost on him that these jackasses had him caged
in a cargo hold a handful of cycles ago, but for right now, they’re operating under his
direction. Maybe, if he had time, he’d gloat about it. Instead, he grits his teeth. “Everybody,
shoot these bastards down before they ever hit the frickin’ ground.”

He’s pulling both triggers, firing everything the Warbird’s got while Jolie holds them steady.
Streams of white-hot laserfire shatter their way out of the cannons and through the Sakaaran
pods, and for a moment, it seems to make a difference. Then, projected out from speakers and
overriding comms, they hear Ronan’s voice.

“Xandar, you stand accused. Your wretched peace treaty will not save you now. It is the
tinder on which you burn!”

Jolie makes a choked, desperate little sound in the back of her throat, and Rocket feels
something lurch from his chest into his mouth as the Dark Aster begins scorching a hole right
through the Nova Corps net.

“Rocket!” yells Saal, and the desperation in his voice causes Rocket’s stomach to wrench.

“Hold on, Saal - just - “

Jo sucks in a breath of horror, and it echoes everything he’s feeling as the comms crackle into
silence. Even from inside the Warbird - even despite the cannonfire - they can hear the crunch
and then the hiss. The starblasters above them shift seamlessly into cinders: soft, still-burning
golden ash.

It floats downward.

What had Jo said?

Try to keep anyone else from having dead people, Rocket reminds himself. At least for as
long as we can.

“Quill,” he rasps over their team comms. “You gotta hurry.” He swallows, his throat tight.
“The city's being evacuated, but we're getting our asses kicked down here.”

“Gamora hasn't opened the door!” Quill shouting, and Rocket can hear the fear and worry in
the Terran man’s voice.

Rocket looks at Jo, and she’s looking back. He wonders if the grimness in his face mirrors
hers. Then she’s flipping the flight controls over to him. He’s immediately sheering up into
the air, heading back toward the hole they’d blown in the Aster, while Jo takes the artillery
and clears their path. She’s definitely better at flying than she is at shooting, but she manages
to keep them safe and whole.

They’re almost in range of the Dark Aster when there’s a crashing, clanking sound through
the comms, and they hear Quill mutter, “Never mind.” The comms are still on, though, and
there’s the soft, hot whirr of the Hadron Enforcer firing up, then the deceptively-hushed boom
of its blast. Drax is shouting in the background - “You did it!”

And then, the sound of a concussive blast.

Ronan.

The Accuser’s voice echoes, tinny and faint over the transmission, just as the Warbird arrives
within firing range of the Dark Aster - but Rocket thinks both he and Jolie know that firing
isn’t enough right now.

“I was mistaken,” the Accuser is saying. “I do remember your family.”

Rocket feels something wrench in his chest, and the recognition hits him hard in the ribs - an
unwanted fist of empathy before he stifles it.

But he knows. He knows what it’s like to have your family’s murderer mock your grief.

Rocket glances at Jo, and she can probably see his rage and his fear and his fucked-up
thought processes, all at once. She’s already nodding, and her eyes are big and solemn. It
isn’t lost on him that he’d just been ready to murder her for risking her own life and now here
he is, risking ‘em both.

“Do it,” she says. Because of course she does.

He yanks on the yoke and slams upward on the thrusters.
“Their screams were pitiful. I - “

The Warbird crashes into the tunneled hole in the Aster, and Rocket leans his full body-
weight on the thrusters, teeth bared. Rocket sees him - sees Ronan - look up and square into
his eyes: this Kree zealot who would’ve killed his new family.

A roar rips out of Rocket’s lungs, out of his throat - the same bellow that’s been trapped in his
chest cavity since he first saw Lylla sway, a delicate circle of darkness buried in her chest.

- sky -

And then Ronan’s gone, launched backward or mowed over by the force of the M-Ship. The
Warbird hits something else - something harder - and crumples, and Rocket turns his head to
the side to catch one last desperate look at Jo, just in time for the console to rise up in front of
him in a tidal wave of screens and dials and beaded lights.

++++

He wakes, battered and bruised and aching, curled against Jo’s chest as the Dark Aster tilts
beneath them. Each of his limbs feels like a bent stem, and her arms are cradling him against
her, and he thinks maybe he could stay there forever. He’s too tired to move and there really
isn’t any better place to sleep, as far as he’s concerned. But then he realizes that her hair is
everywhere and it smells like charcoal, tangled and sooty. He looks up. The set of her mouth
is grim, her eyes dark and aggrieved.

The expression terrifies him, and he scrambles up out of her arms, every joint wreathed in
aching muscle. He takes a quick headcount as the Dark Aster slants further. Drax, Gamora,
Quill, Groot -

But Groot - Groot is spreading his branches, creating a big, beautiful net of leaves and twigs.
Tiny gold lights, like fireflies and stars, float between each branch: galaxies of his own.
Gamora looks around in wonder, even as the ground beneath them becomes a steep incline
above the city.

The weaving of Groot’s limbs encircles them.

“Wait, wait,” Rocket rasps out, stumbling and then crawling over the branches and greenery.
“No, Groot.” He doesn’t know how the others are reacting - at this point, he only has eyes for
his closest, longest, oldest living friend, and he feels that gaping hole behind his sternum
crack open in desperation and recognition of what’s going to come. Everything inside him is
loose and ready to fly out: a thousand screws and bolts, spare parts and shrapnel. Metal things
that never belonged inside him in the first place.

He almost lost Jo in Asgard, just hours ago. He can’t lose Groot now.

“You can’t,” he says. “You’ll die.” He leans his hands into his friend’s chest: urgent.
Despairing. “You’ll die, and it was supposed to be the three of us!”

His voice rasps, then snaps like a bone on an Asgardian bridge.
Groot raises a tendril, and curls it lovingly through the fur on Rocket’s cheek.

“Why are you doing this?” Rocket demands, his voice already broken. “Why?”

Those gentle eyes look at him, so soft. They remind him of Lylla: of her tenderness, of her
kindness. Rocket’s vision blurs and he blinks back tears furiously. Nothing wrong with
crying, but he wants to see his friend.

“I am Groot,” the Flora Colossus rumbles softly. Somehow - in this terrible, quiet moment -
Rocket knows that their friends hear something else, something closer to the true spirit of
what Groot is saying, something closer to what Rocket himself hears:

we are together, we are each other, and we are always.

They’re hurtling downward, so fast it sucks the air from Rocket’s lungs. He’s thrown against
Jolie, who holds him so tightly against her chest that he knows - he just knows that she knows
that whatever is left of his stupid, shriveled-up heart is breaking.

They hit the ground once - and bounce. Groot’s globe of light and leaves protects them from
the worst of the impact and the knife-edges of debris, but they still hit hard enough that
Rocket’s teeth clack together and if he’d had any breath still in him, it would’ve been
knocked out of his body. He hears Jolie’s soft oof and knows they’ll both be bruised, at best.
But he sits himself up even before the stun wears off, eyes frantic for any sign of life in the
splinters and leaves that spread out beneath them like the softest forest blanket. He sifts his
fingers through the detritus, cradling bundle after bundle of twigs.

“Rocket,” Jo says softly, reaching for him.

He looks up at her, and he knows his eyes are hunted. He says the only thing he can think of,
voice cracking in half like so much kindling.

“I called him an idiot.”

Her face goes so soft that it hurts, and he hadn’t thought he could hurt any worse than he
already did. The hollow black hole in his chest expands - behind his ribs, into his fingertips
and mouth and throat.

Behind her, from the wreckage, Ronan emerges. For a second, the Kree Accuser might as
well be the High Evolutionary himself: cold-faced, gun barrel simmering, Lylla dead on the
floor.

Before Rocket can think, he’s plummeting into that old, instinctive rage. It fills up all that
hollow space, and it’s such a relief that he leans into the simmering heat of it. He catapults
himself toward the bastard - fingers half-curled, claws ready to rend and tear. The words rip
from his throat.

“YOU KILLED GROOT!”

“Rocket, no!”
A concussive blast ripples out, and Rocket feels it hit him with bone-rattling force, throwing
him back. He hits something soft and it gives behind him, cushioning him as they both fly
backward and skid across the rubble: Jo.

Of course it’s fuckin’ Jo. It’s always fuckin’ Jo.

His ears are ringing and he shakes his head, scrambling off her and checking her over, fingers
flickering over every soft part of her to make sure she’s not bleeding or broken or - He’s so
stupid. He’s learned nothing. He’s almost done it all over again - gotten someone killed in his
rage and impulsivity - and without even the satisfaction of tearing Ronan’s face to pieces.

The bastard’s talking, full of self-importance and sneering.

“Behold! Your Guardians of the Galaxy! What fruit have they wrought?”

“The Hadron Enforcer,” Jo is whispering raggedly in Rocket’s ear, as soon as she can suck air
into her lungs. “Where is it? Do we still have it?”

“Only that my father and his father shall finally know vengeance.”

Rocket scans the flattened fallout zone and finally spies it, near Drax. It’s clearly damaged
and the battery’s been dislodged in the collapse, but it’s nothing he can’t repair. He’s already
sprinting over, snatching up a cable and whatever other debris he can find that might fix it,
hissing to Drax as he goes.

“People of Xandar, the time has come to rejoice and renounce your paltry gods! Your
salvation is at hand.”

The asshole begins chanting in Kree, and Rocket’s head whips around in panic. He needs just
a little more time -

And then he sees Quill, and the Terran man nods at him and steps directly into Ronan’s path,
eyes locked on the Kree’s face.

"Ooh-ooh, child, things are gonna get easier. Ooh-ooh, child, things'll get brighter."

Ronan freezes, blinking. Quill’s beckoning to Rocket, but the idiot Accuser thinks this little
display is all for him.

“Listen to these words,” Rocket hears Quill say, his voice sultry. "Ooh-ooh, child, things are
gonna get easier. Ooh-ooh, child, things'll get brighter. Now bring it down hard!”

The Terran man starts moving his feet in a weird little jig, but Rocket doesn’t have time to
gape. He’s too focused on patching up the Enforcer.

"Some day, we'll get it together and we'll get it..."

“What,” Ronan asks in something like appalled disgust, “are you doing?”

“Dance-off, bro. Me and you. Gamora!” There’s a brief pause. “Subtle. Take it back.”
“What,” Ronan repeats, his ire growing, “are you doing?”

Done, they’re done. Drax picks up the cannon and Rocket nods at Quill.

“I'm distracting you, ya big turd blossom,” Quill says jovially.

Ronan turns - too late. Rocket slams both ends of the cut cable together and Drax squeezes
the triggering mechanism, and an enormous blast bursts from the cannon, right into the
glowing head of the hammer.

It’s almost too fast to see. The cosmi-rod cracks and the purple stone shimmers brilliantly,
violently in the air. Ronan and Quill both reach for it, and Gamora’s screaming a warning,
and then it’s safe inside Quill’s hand.

But not safe.

Purple light pulses out in something far stronger than a concussive blast. Quill’s eyes - are
they black now? - look suddenly vague and detached from reality. Gamora is fighting through
the waves of magenta fire, yelling something at Quill, one hand outstretched toward him. The
Terran’s fingertips and the edges of his hair begin to char and disintegrate.

Ronan is grinning.

And then, finally, finally, Quill reaches back, and takes the assassin’s hand, and suddenly that
energy is snapping through her too. Rocket’s teeth clench and he knows - dammit, he knows -
he has to get over there to them. Fuck.

He frickin’ hates these losers.

Except he doesn’t. Not at all, unfortunately.

Drax gets to them first, and the violet energy arcs through him. Rocket can see Jo moving in
his periphery, reaching out for the chain of their crewmembers.

Yeah. He’s gonna lose ‘em anyway, one way or another.

Might as well die trying after all.

His feet carry him just a shade quicker, and he reaches up to grab the big Kylosian’s hand
before Jo can. Purple fire - furious and mean - scorches through him. Jolie’s right there,
though - she’d already been reaching for Drax, but now her hand changes its course. It lands
like a soft, small bird perched on his shoulder, fingers murmuring deep into the fur over his
shoulder. The energy that had been dammed inside him, rattling around all his manufactured
and biological parts, suddenly has an outlet: it rivers out of Drax and through Rocket, into
Jolie. He could almost breathe again - if he wasn’t so stunned, if his jaw weren’t locked with
a force beyond the mere electrocution of a direct lightning strike.

But he isn’t so fucked-up that he misses the fact that Ronan ain’t smiling anymore.

“You’re mortal!” the Kree is bellowing: incredulous. Furious. “How?!”
“You said it yourself, bitch,” Quill responds.”We’re the Guardians of the Galaxy.”

Ronan moves, rushing forward with the broken shaft of his cosmi-rod as if to lance the
Terran.

There’s a shift in the purple fire running through Rocket’s being and he realizes, suddenly,
that everything he’s been feeling from the orb has only been an undertow, like water receding
in the wake of an enormous wave. The power surges back through him in reverse, crashing
into Rocket from Jo, through him to Drax and then Gamora and Quill. Purple fire erupts from
the stone: cataclysmic, convulsive, volcanic. It engulfs the Kree Accuser in a pulsing wave of
something like radiation.

Even his atoms are charred and shredded, like the still-burning ash of the Nova Corps
starblasters in the air.

The connection is severed - the purple violence suddenly leaves Rocket’s body, and he
crumples to his hands and knees. Quill’s hiding the stone away in the orb, hands shaking -

- and then there’s another eruption. Shimmering, iridescent energy pummels the ground like a
moonlit waterfall, and there’s a sharp snap of pressure in Rocket’s ears. Thor stands in the
clearing and wreckage, with a fleet of Asgardian battle-skiffs silhouetted against the smoking
sky.

“Oh,” the god says, looking around. “Well done, my friends. Are we late?”

++++

Rocket isn’t annoyed by the Asgardians’ delayed arrival. Maybe, if they’d been earlier, Groot
wouldn’t have felt the need to sacrifice himself - but Rocket doesn’t have the energy to be
resentful.

He’s just… so frickin’ empty.

Drax and Jolie had flanked Rocket while he’d sat in the wastes of wrecked starblasters and
ships, the slivers of Groot like discarded mulch scattered under and over all the carnage. He’d
gently cradled the one twig he’d found that had seemed to have some spark of life in it. Did
it? What did Rocket know? Was he just creepily carrying around a piece of his dead friend’s
corpse?

But he hadn’t been able to move: feet and ankles cast in lead, forearms anchored to his knees
with the unbearable weight of a single, slender stick. Jolie’s arm had fallen as light as a
shadow over his shoulders, fingers tenderly curling in the fur just past his jumpsuit strap.
Drax had sat in silence: guarding the space around them. Quiet. Rocket had flinched when
Drax had reached out to stroke the fur between his ears.

But it hadn’t felt like petting. It had just felt like comfort offered by someone who knew.

Everybody has dead people, he’d said to Drax, less than half-a-rotation earlier.

Especially me.
He’d sat, silent and aching, pinned carefully between his two - well, friends, he supposes - as
if they were the only things holding him together. From beside them, he’d watched - numb
and exhausted - as Quill had handed the orb over to Yondu.

All this was for nothing after all, then.

“Don’t worry,” Jolie had murmured under her breath. “Pete always has something up his
sleeve.”

And sure enough, a few moments after the Eclector had launched back into the sky, they’d
watched Quill laugh and whisper something to Gamora, and pull another metal sphere from
under his jacket.

Rocket had snorted in spite of himself, and then scrubbed his forearm over his face and nose.
His fur had still been wet with tears, and he hadn’t cared.

Groot.

He’d wanted the three of them - at least, some part of him thinks, at least the three of them,
but maybe all six, why the fuck not? - to stick together. To fly into the stars, to travel to
different planets, to make money and crack jokes and shoot enormous blasters and blow up
moons and see the whole frickin’ universe.

Beautiful and forever, he thinks bitterly.

He can’t say what happens between the broken field of graves and the rest of the night. He
must walk from one place to the next, clutching his shred of Groot, but he doesn’t remember.
There’s a blur of voices from a great distance, but to him it all sounds the same: I am Groot,
and sky, and floor-teefs-rocket-go-now.

The Nova Corps offers them lodging for the next few rotations - surprisingly nice rooms,
Rocket might’ve thought, if he’d had the capacity to think at all. But he just finds himself
perched on the edge of the plush mattress that night, letting the delicate Flora Colossus
branch rest in his two palms. Time passes in spurts like blood from a jugular, then lays still
like a swelling bruise. He doesn’t even know how long he’s been sitting when there’s the
sound of gentle knuckles on the door.

He hesitates, then sets the branch gently on the pillow and gets up to answer it.

Jolie is standing there, still filthy - but then, he is too - and wearing a sad, lopsided smile. She
lifts one hand: she’s holding a little clay pot, with a burlap sack in it that he’s suddenly sure is
full of nutrient-rich soil.

“Can I come in?” she asks softly.

Can I come in? The words still feel like a soft little knock on his sternum.

And this time, he lets her.

++++
Tears river their silent way through the fur on Rocket’s face while they plant the twig
together. Jolie cries too - also silent. They both have practice, after all. Once the little spear of
Flora Colossus is safely tucked in its bed of soil, she asks him how he and Groot met. He’s
pretty sure he’s told her before, in the days leading up to the Kyln, but he tells her again
anyway.

To be honest, it feels good. Or, maybe not good, but…clean. Like the telling of it scrapes
away some of the bitterness and the sickness he’s feeling.

He’s used to carrying these losses close in his heart and keeping them secret and safe, but…
Jo had known Groot. It may have only been a few handfuls of rotations - too short, because
Groot had already fallen in love with Jo and Rocket would’ve liked to see them being all
stupid and domestic in the common area, littering those dumb white flowers everywhere, best
frickin’ friends - but Jo had known Groot. And with her big stupid heart, she’d probably
already loved Groot back too.

And now there is a whole future which Rocket had been enough of an idiot to imagine -
fleetingly, in a few scattered moments here and there - and he has to mourn the loss of that
dream in addition to the loss of his friend. To be honest, he doesn’t even try to grasp at the
tattered absence of it, the little scraps of silver veil at the edge of the future. He’s used to
those things slipping through his clawed fingers.

Jolie asks him something else, and he starts telling another story. Later, awake and listening
to her breath, staring at the rise and fall of her softness in the dark, he’ll remember what she
had said on Conjunction, a few scant hours before dawn in the common area, surrounded by
columns of light:

People deserve to have their memories.

She’s too frickin’ good at this. She’s too good.

For now, though, he just offers her the shower first. They have their own rooms, of course,
but - well, a few cycles ago, Rocket would have preferred to grieve alone, but if she’s already
here, he supposes there’s really no reason for her to leave. He sets the potted twig on the end
table near the head of the bed. She comes out of the washroom, toweling off her hair. Her
cheeks are pink and gleaming from the hot water, and she’s wrapped in one of the two fluffy
robes that had been left on hooks on the door. If he’d been feeling anything other than hollow,
he knows he’d be wondering what’s underneath it.

But there’s no space inside him for that right now. Strange: how a person can be so fuckin’
empty and still not have room for anything else.

Either way, he really needs to get those water-showers finished on the Gemma Lynn. If there’s
even any Gemma Lynn left.

He winces, because maybe that dream is dead now too.

Then he goes to shower himself, and when he’s done, he shakes himself off and towel-dries
his fur as well as he can before realizing there’s some kind of warm-air blaster that shoots out
of the ceiling when he pushes a button. Well, that’s nice, and he’s gonna figure out how to
replicate that too. His fur is almost completely dry in moments. The robe is stupid-big on
him, but he’s not putting his gross, dirty clothes back on when he finally feels… clean.

As clean as he ever feels, anyway.

When he leaves the shower room, drained, Jo’s sitting at the top of the bed, tracing a finger
on the rim of the pot. She’s still in the robe, and she’s placed her glove and her rectangular
black glass - cracked at one corner but otherwise miraculously unscathed - on the little
endtable beside the planted stick. He pauses, and then slides the keyplate out of his filthy
jumpsuit pocket, and carefully places it next to her slender brick of useless tech and
memories.

She looks up, and then moves to the edge of the bed, and just opens her arms.

He kind of hates himself for it, but he goes to her, and lets her envelope him and press her
mouth to the top of his head.

She’s so soft and warm all around him, and underneath the fancy Xandaran soft-soap, she
still smells like curlflower tea.

++++

Jo keeps a couple changes of new clothes in the room the Nova Corps arranged for her, but
it’s a veneer of separation. Her hairbrush and her sleep-shirt and everything else she uses on a
daily basis are tucked into a little drawer in his bathroom or his wardrobe, and every night he
curls up under her hands and every morning he wakes up pressed tight against her.

But at every turn, his brain keeps tripping on the scattered memories of the people he’s lost.
Groot is like a ghost-step at the end of the staircase. Rocket keeps putting his foot down, only
to find there’s no floor where he expected it to be.

One way to keep his mind distracted - or maybe to do the opposite, maybe to obsess - is by
checking on Jo’s leg every day. The medpack knit the bone up nicely, and even the skin itself.
The bruises have shifted from indigos into evergreens, and they’re starting to yellow, which
seems like a good sign. The scar itself is as annoyingly pretty as the rest of her, Rocket
thinks: pale-pink and satiny, like a tattered ribbon wound halfway around her leg. It’s holding
together strong. He hates that she has it, though. He knows how scars are bought with pain,
and how easy it is for them to make you feel ugly.

Yeah, he doesn’t want any part of that for her.

The third day that he demands to see it, Jo rolls her eyes dramatically, teasingly, and tells him
her bone doesn’t even ache anymore. The torn muscle just feels a little overstressed - nothing
to worry about. I’m not even limping anymore. It’s not a big deal.

It’s a mistake on her part. She’s already sitting on the edge of the bed where he’s ordered her,
and he’s crouching at her feet, pressing the glossy seam of her skin with testing fingers -
checking the color, the bloodflow. And suddenly - unaccountably quickly - he’s speechless
with fury. He can taste the enamel crunching between his gritted teeth. Everything is dark
sparks and white noise.

“…Rocket?”

Slowly - dangerously - he turns his eyes up to hers.

“Maybe you forgot what happened right before you got this thing,” he says, and he knows his
voice is a rumbled threat. “But I frickin’ haven’t.”

She winces. “Rocket. I - “

“You basically threw yourself at Ronan’s frickin’ feet. Like a fuckin’ present.”

He can see her lips go pale before they’re trapped by her teeth.

“Well?”

“Well, what?” she whispers.

I might kill her myself, he thinks, and laughs - a sharp, harsh bark before he rises up to his
feet. The anger is good. Familiar. It fills up the vacuum inside. He sinks into it, breathes it in,
becomes it. “You - “

“The present was for you,” she says, her voice all strangled and desperate. “If I - if I threw
myself at Ronan’s feet like a present, it was for you. For the rest of them, too. I’m not going
to - I am not going to apologize for that.”

You said you weren’t gonna leave, he thinks. You said you weren’t goin’ anywhere. It’s a
hypocritical thought though, isn’t it? ‘Cause he’d almost done the same thing. He’d almost
done worse.

“It was stupid,” he growls instead. “It was frickin’ reckless. We coulda - and then - “

He breaks off, because he can feel it again: the tug on his jumpsuit straps, the softness of her
and the scent of her and that ragged scream into his fur, like her throat had been torn right up
the inside -

His heart stutters against his metal sternum, then drops. He reaches for the rage again, and
pulls it tighter around him.

“It was stupid,” he repeats. Seethes. His clawed finger comes out to point at her. “Don’t do it
again.”

Jo stares at him mutely, big-eyed, and he already knows what she’s thinking because
apparently that’s a thing that happens when you spend too many rotations falling asleep to the
lullaby of someone else’s breathing.

I can’t promise that, he thinks in a mimicky, high-pitched falsetto.
“I can’t promise that,” she says. Her lips are bloodless and bitten.

He clenches both fists in front of his face, elbows bent and forearms so tight with anger that
they’re shaking, like he could rip his way through the air between them and then pull her ribs
apart, bury some fuckin’ common sense under her heart or inside her lungs. A tattered roar
claws its way up out of his throat and grinds through his bared teeth.

“Rocket - “

One arm snaps out, clawed finger pointing again.

“And I can’t promise I won’t lock you up in the goddamn ship,” he snarls, and his volume
rises. “I will fuckin’ keep you there as long as I have to so you don’t have the chance to do
anything so fuckin’ stupid again.”

She’s silent, her eyes stuck on him, unblinking and - sad.

There are cracks in all his hollow spaces, though, and the wrath is already leaking out. He can
feel it. Everything aches. “Don’t test me,” he snaps, trying to clutch at the rage because it’s
safer, because it’s something. “‘Cause I will.” He laughs again, and the sound is harsh and
bitter. “Believe me, princess, it would take nothin’ to convince me to keep you trapped in my
bunk for a cycle or two. Nothin’.”

She’s still not saying anything, and the bitterness starts seeping out of him too.

“I will,” he repeats. “I will fuckin’ lock you up if I have to.” He pauses, lungs heaving. Of
course he won’t. “I will. Once we get a new ship.” And then he’s pinching the bridge of his
nose, brow furrowed, eyes wet. Again. “Jo.”

“I’m here,” she says quietly, like she always knows the frickin’ question he hasn’t asked.

“I can’t - “ He swallows. “You can’t.”

“I know,” she says.

His damp eyes flick across her face, searching her - for what, he isn’t sure. But then he drops
his gaze to her leg, and its pink-ribbon scar.

“You gotta look out for yourself, Jo. Nobody else is gonna do it.”

She’s quiet again, and when he hazards another glance at her face, that softness is written in
every feature.

“You did,” she reminds him, and her words are so gentle.

His whole body recoils.

“You can’t trust me with that,” he says immediately, before he can even think about it. She’s
already backing off, palms out.
“Okay,” she murmurs, her voice a little soothing balm. “Okay. I’m sorry.”

“I was gonna dump you,” he tells her, all teeth and locked-down panic. “I was gonna leave
you there.” He’s not even sure if he means Asgard, or Xandar, or Conjunction. Fuck, he’s
such a jackass. “I was gonna fuckin’ leave you.”

“Okay,” she repeats, and her shoulders go soft. Every joint of her goes soft: no sharp edges,
no angles for him to cut himself on. “It doesn’t matter, Rocket. It doesn’t matter. I would’ve -
“

“You gotta take care of yourself, Jo,” he repeats, and his voice is haggard.

Her lips press together.

“Come here?” she says quietly. “I’m sorry for rolling my eyes at you. I’m sorry for - for
making light of it all. I shouldn’t have.”

“Don’t do it, Jo,” he tells her, trying to get back some of the warning growl. He’s not talking
about her stupid little jokes, and he knows she knows it too. “Say you’re not gonna do it
again.”

She grimaces - pained. She looks so forlorn - distraught over his anger, but unwilling to back
down. Her words, when they come, are soft little birds.

“You’re too important to me. I can’t promise - “

“I’ll hold it against you,” he tells her. “If you ever do anything like that again - there’ll be a
frickin’ reckoning. You’re not ready for that kind of fight - not with me - “

She tilts her head, and leans back slowly. “Will it help you feel better?” She’s got big, gentle
eyes, and open palms. She twists her mouth to the side in that sad, lopsided smile he hates,
then bends her elbows and curls her hands into fists to match his. And for fuck’s sake, her
form is frickin’ miserable. But she’s looking at him over her knuckles with those stupid-soft
eyes, and something inside that hollow space inside him splinters. Anything else he could’ve
held inside himself drains out: right down through the soles of his feet, into the plush pile of
the Xandaran carpet.

“‘Cause if it helps you feel better,” she tells him, “we can fight.”

His voice falters somewhere behind his prosthetic clavicle. He wants to take both of her fists
in his hands like they’re pieces of ripe fruit, press her knuckles against his teeth, open her
fingers and lap his tongue across the wells of her palms. Curl her hands closed again and
press them like round stones against his ribcage, so he can feel his heart beat against her
knuckles.

I wouldn’t stand a fuckin’ chance, he thinks, and his shoulders slump. He steps forward
without meaning to, and his hands rise in front of him. He watches his dark, scarred fingers
circle her wrists from a distance - a thing he never would’ve done, if he’d been inside his
frickin’ body at all. But he can feel each butterfly-bone under her skin, and he remembers
again how angry he’d been that first night on the Gemma Lynn, staring at her vulnerable,
delicate hand as it dangled over the side of her bunk.

He tugs her fists back down into her lap.

“You’re gonna break your frickin’ wrists like that,” he only tells her, and the words scrape his
throat raw.

“Thank you for checking my scar,” she says quietly. “Thank you for looking out for me.”

“I mean it, princess,” he repeats. “Don’t do that again. ‘Cause I promise you won’t like the
outcome.”

++++

Empty threats, really.

Not that he’d been lying about barricading her in his frickin’ bunk, or that he isn’t perfectly
willing to do it, though in better times - even just a few moments before losing Groot - those
fantasies had looked very different.

Lying next to her that night, letting her wrap herself around him, it occurs to him that he’s
been telling himself he’d decide whether or not to keep her after getting this frickin’ power
stone off his ship, but he’s been fooling himself. He can see that now.

He’s such a fuckin’ moron.

The sunrise brings a need, now, to distract himself from both the loss of his best friend and
Jo’s reckless goddamn behavior. He tries to refocus on the one thing that hasn’t failed him
yet, and that isn’t dependent on anyone but him: building deadly fuckin’ weapons.
Specifically, he wants to make sure Jo has at least one new firearm as soon as possible, since
she’d lost her quadblaster and her laser pistol on Asgard.

He starts with a plain old electric blaster, but he’s tweaking some things on it - gonna make it
pack more of a punch. He’s planning on making her something better as soon as he can get
his hands on new things, but the only other guns he has to offer right now are an enormous
laser cannon and a bulky ion blaster, and he knows she’s not gonna carry either of them, no
matter how much he tries to bully her into taking care of herself.

The souped-up electric blaster is still better than nothing. He wonders if he can convince Dey
to get him a Nova machine gun - the one he’d used briefly during their escape from the Kyln
had felt like pure power in his hands. He could use some of the parts to ramp up the blaster
even more, and still have plenty of new pieces left over to further enhance both his other two
firearms.

Dey is less than obliging, unfortunately. Rocket tries to figure out if he can get his hands on
one some other way.

Rotations pass. Then, a cycle. The newly-minted Guardians eat meals together, sometimes
with Corpsman Dey and his family, though it feels weird to Rocket. He waters his twig and
checks its soil religiously. In the evenings, Jo sometimes lures him out to the city, where the
Asgardians are currently celebrating with the Xandarans after each long day of rebuilding.
Thor buys him a lot of drinks. Sometimes the two of them sit while Jo makes herself scarce,
and Thor’s maybe not the brightest star in the heavens, but Rocket likes him. Sometimes it
feels good and takes his mind off… everything. But it also feels dangerous these days. To
like. And in general, Rocket’s mostly just tired and sick with grief.

The minute he feels his ears and tail droop, though, Jo’s already at his side, asking him if they
can leave. And some part of him knows she’s doing it on purpose. Watching him. Reading
him.

“I had a family once,” he tells her at some point, in their shared darkened room back at the
lodge. It’s all he says. He can’t say anything else. She’s still and quiet and probably can’t see
him at all, so he sits with the words, testing them out on the shadows.

“I know,” she says at last, and the two words are a quiet blanket on his shoulders.

It takes a while, but the city’s rebuilding is nearly done, and the Nova Corps are ready to
wrap up business. The Guardians of the Galaxy are welcome to live in the city, they say, but
the idea of living on Xandar leaves Rocket feeling claustrophobic, for more reasons than one.
When Nova Prime requests one final meeting, they collect Drax and head to Nova Corps
headquarters, where Quill and Gamora are waiting with Corpsman Dey.

Thor falls into step with them on the way.

“Friends,” he greets them heartily, and Rocket feels something inside him go colder at the
man’s familiarity in a way he hasn’t felt before. “I apologize again for our tardiness during
the final battle, but we’ve worked hard to put the city back to rights. I want to thank you
again for everything you’ve sacrificed in protecting the galaxy. All in a day’s work, I
suppose.”

Rocket grimaces. Thor’s kind of an angelic idiot, but he’s not usually this tone-deaf. Jolie’s
eyeing the golden man suspiciously, but honestly, Rocket is too tired to care.

“Your gratitude is accepted, and you are very welcome,” Drax says, as they enter the central
chamber. Their friends and the Nova Corps leaders look up at their entrance.

“Thor,” Nova Prime greets him. “Thank you again for coming to our aid yesterday. We look
forward to our future alliance.”

“Hmm, yes,” Thor says firmly. “I, too, look forward to it. But in the meantime, I do wonder if
we made a poor judgment call in sending the power stone here in the first place. Perhaps it is
unfair of us to expect you to hold it, when such dangerous people will continue to pursue it.
You are not gods, after all, and it would be a tragic shame to see our new allies become a
target for those with nefarious purposes.”

“Thanos,” Gamora murmurs under her breath, and the god of thunder nods solemnly.
Nova Prime is hesitating, and it looks like she’s considering Thor’s offer. “We must prioritize
our people’s welfare,” she concedes. “Tell me - “

“What would you recommend, Thor?” Jolie interrupts, and now Rocket’s ears and eyes
sharpen anyway, because he recognizes that too-polite tone.

It sounds like the same tone she’d used on the crew of the Faraday.

“You had asked if I could suggest another keeper for the stone,” Thor tells her, and his voice
is perhaps too jovial, all things considered. “I had given it some thought on our way here, and
there is another Elder at the far reaches of the universe. He calls himself the Champion, and I
believe he has the means to protect the power stone from any who might mean to seize it for
themselves. We can make arrangements, and my Warriors Three will be happy to collect it
from you and deliver it under guard - “

“Okay,” Jolie says pleasantly, and now she’s standing in that familiar wide-legged stance,
brand new electric blaster already pulled and leveled squarely at Thor’s face, shirt falling off
one shoulder.

“Jolie!” Quill blurts out, aghast, and Nova Prime and Dey are both gasping, flustered and
half-panicked at the possibility of some kind of intergalactic incident. Gamora looks like
she’s got the beginnings of a migraine.

But to Rocket, it’s almost nostalgic - yeah, the Faraday. The way Jo had shoved the barrel of
her quadblaster in that guy’s mouth. He can’t help but feel an admiring little grin twitch the
corner of his lips.

And Jo’s ignoring them all, just smiling that one smile that shows all her teeth, and looking
directly into Thor’s eyes.

Still hot, Rocket thinks, and he supposes that might be a sign that he’s starting to climb his
way out of the hole in his chest.

“We just got our records expunged,” Quill’s pleading, but Jo doesn’t even spare him a glance,
keeping her eyes and smile locked on the golden god.

“What…are you doing, Lady Jolie?” Thor asks, as if he’s flabbergasted.

She only smiles sweetly up at him, her voice saccharine. “Fuck around and find out, buddy.”

Yeah. Still hot.

There’s a long moment of silence, and then the god sighs heavily. He exhales slowly,
shoulders dropping - and somehow, slowly, they keep deflating, until the other, slimmer,
darker Odinsson is standing there. “It was worth a shot,” Loki says mildly. He shrugs at Jo
with a lofty little curl to his lip, and then - vanishes.

Jolie holsters her weapon and turns back to the rest of them. “What?” she says blankly, as if
she’s just noticed the Nova Corps members and certain elements of her own crewstaring at
her. Drax alone seems completely unaffected by the whole scenario, but Rocket is never sure
when the big guy is completely with them.

Rocket looks at her - looking around - and snickers in spite of himself. The sound crackles in
the silent chamber. It’s like the release of a pressure valve on his lungs, and for just a second,
his shoulders ease.

“Well,” says Dey. “Uhm. Glad you caught that - “

“Thor mentioned the other night that he was planning to leave soon for Terra, to look for his
father. I wasn’t sure if he’d left yet, but… “ Jolie shrugs, and makes her little humming noise.
“I’m sure he’d want me to give you all his regards. He did say the other Asgardians will stay
as long as they’re wanted for help with rebuilding, and that Asgard is, uhm, honored to be
Xandar’s ally from this day forward.”

Nova Prime clears her throat. “Well,” she says, “thank you - for, ah, relaying the message.
And on behalf of the Nova Corps, we'd like to express our profound gratitude for your help in
saving Xandar, as well.” She offers a small, close-lipped smile. “If you would be so kind as
to follow Denarian Dey, he has something to show you.”

“Wow, uh…thank you, Nova Prime,” Quill says.

“Thank you,” Gamora adds, and Jolie dips her head.

Rocket just shrugs internally, and resettles the pot in his arms.

They follow Corpsman Dey, stepping out onto the rooftop landing pad. There, gleaming in
the bright Xandaran sun, is a ship.

It’s a massive ship, way bigger than the Gemma Lynn - but there are massive stretches of it
that look like they came from her.

Quill gasps, and Jo lets out a strangled little sound.

“We tried to keep them both as close to the originals as possible.The Milano was brought out
of impound, and we salvaged as much of the Gemma Lynn as we could. But…we thought
you might like some upgrades. Both ships can operate as normal, independent of each other,
but there’s a docking port that allows the Milano to fully integrate as an extension of the
Gemma Lynn. When functionally docked, the Gemma Lynn’s controls will act as primary.”

Jo says nothing. Her eyes are doing that shimmery thing.

Even Quill’s speechless - well, as much as he ever is. “Wow. I…thank you.”

Rocket has a brief urge to snark something like, yeah, thanks for fixing up my ship without
asking, but that’s a lot of energy right now, and he kinda hopes they added some frickin’
showers. And Jo looks so soft and happy, for just a moment.

He’s not sure he’s seen her like that in rotations. Maybe once or twice on the way to Asgard.
Otherwise, not since before the Kyln.
He thinks again - about her red blood over shifting opal glass. Of her mouth in his fur,
screaming. He hasn’t thought of it in a rotation or two, which he supposes is progress.
Nevertheless, he has to pummel down the shudder that races his spine, trying to escape
through his shoulders.

Dey casts a solemn eye on each of them. “I have a family - and they’re alive because of you.”
He clears his throat, like he maybe got choked up for a minute. “As Quill mentioned inside,
those of you with criminal records have had them expunged. However, I do have to warn you
all against breaking any laws in the future.”

Rocket’s ears twitch and now he can’t hold back. “Question,” he proposes. “What if I see
something that I want to take, and it belongs to someone else?”

Dey blinks. “Well. You’d be arrested.”

Rocket blinks right back at him. “But what if I want it more than the person who has it?”

Dey looks at Jo, confused and almost like he expects her to translate. Rocket can feel himself
scowl.

“Hey, Dey. Buddy. Eyes down here. I’m the one askin’ the frickin’ question.”

“Uhm, that would still be illegal.”

Rocket shakes his head, grimacing. “That doesn't follow. No, I want it more, Dey. Do you
understand?”

Gamora chuckles from behind him, and even Jo looks like she’s barely holding back a
snicker.

“What are you both laughing at? Huh? I can't have a discussion with this gentleman?”

Drax steps up behind him. “What if someone does something irksome and I decide to remove
his spine?”

Dey shakes his head. “That's...that's actually murder. It's one of the worst crimes of all.” He
looks at Jo, at Quill, at Gamora. “So…also illegal.”

The Kylosian grunts, and then moves toward the ship, and Rocket waits, gripping his potted
twig.

“They’re gonna be fine, Dey,” Quill says. “I’ll keep an eye on them.”

“We’ll keep an eye on each other,” Jo corrects with a raised eyebrow, and Quill offers up a
guilty little smile and shrugs. “Wanna go home?” she asks, and casts her eyes to Rocket.

Do you want to come home?

Let’s go together.
  He nods, and steps toward her so they can stride up the ramp together. He clears his throat as
  they board. “So, uh, who’s gonna fly this thing?”

  “You and I,” Jolie says immediately.

  “Hey now,” Quill interrupts, jogging a few steps to keep up with them. “I’m also bringing a
  ship to this rig - arguably the better, sleeker, quicker ship. So I’m pretty sure I’m the captain
  now.”

  “Oh, are you?” Jo asks, grinning.

  “I am,” Quill says firmly. “And we’re gonna have to have a name for it when it’s docked
  together.”

  “Not one you pick,” Jo returns, her tone even.

  Then she laughs, and it’s a good sound.

  And for a moment, Rocket thinks maybe things can be okay after all.

  If he lets it be.



Chapter End Notes



    gotta love that literal actual deus ex machina, huh?

    i was going to apologize for how long this is getting. it is TRULY ridiculous. but then i
    remembered that i started writing this fic for me not thinking anyone would read it in the
    first place, so i should probably uhhhhh just keep doing what feels right. that said, i
    understand if you decide to bail because this is a MESS lol. right now my conclusion is
    planned to be right around, uh, the time infinity war would hypothetically be starting. so
    like. we've still got a ways to go

    ANYWAY you are all absolute delights, little pieces of pumpkin pie with homemade
    whipped cream, and i appreciate you so much either way. uhhhh join me on tumblr i
    guess?

    Coming Soon (though work is kicking my ass so like...we're slowing down my dudes):
    Chapter XII. So Much It Hurts.
    in which we try not to fuck up the vibes.
                                   Chapter 12: So Much It Hurts.
Chapter Summary



      in which we try not to fuck up the vibes.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   It takes some time to adapt to the new ship. The first day, Rocket refuses to go anywhere
   outside of Xandar’s vicinity until they find a market where he can get a Honchi Everbloom to
   keep in the console.

   Jolie’d had one on the Gemma Lynn for the last five years or so - a little trinket she’d picked
   up once on impulse, just dried petals frozen in a kind of amber. She’d been told in a
   marketplace that everbloom amulets were supposed to protect against collisions in jump-
   points: a charming bit of intergalactic superstition that she’d felt like indulging in a moment
   of whimsy. When the ship is broken down as it enters the jump and reconstituted on exit, the
   Everbloom supposedly keeps all the bits of quantum information exactly where it's supposed
   to be. Nothing gets lost, and nothings gets mixed with other passing ships. Jolie had actually
   forgotten the Everbloom was there - hadn’t thought it was important to Rocket, not when
   they have info-coating and a UNTN-capable drivetrain to do the heavy lifting of jump-point
   navigation - but here he is, lugging around his potted Groot and demanding they scour
   neighboring planets before they even think about hitting a jump. It takes four rotations to find
   one, and Rocket tucks the everbloom amulet into a little crevice in the dashboard, almost
   reverently.

   Within the first cycle, Quill moves back into his quarters in the Milano. Gamora and Drax
   seem more hesitant to relocate, perhaps just because they’ve gotten used to the Gemma Lynn
   since escaping the Kyln. Jolie’s grateful, honestly, because Drax still being in her old bunk
   gives her an excuse - however flimsy - to continue sleeping in Rocket’s bed.

   If Rocket notices that there are now two open bunks between the partnered ships that she
   could choose from, he doesn’t say anything. Each night, he places the pot - with its bit of
   Groot - on the desk next to the bed. He returns to his old nighttime routine of beginning the
   sleep shift in his hammock, only climbing onto the shelf-bed with Jolie after she’s fallen
   asleep - as if they hadn’t spent more than two full cycles sharing a Xandaran lodging room
   with only a single bed.

   She doesn’t acknowledge the return to old habits, but a few times he accidentally wakes her -
   and when she sleepily strokes the fur on his head or back, he doesn’t flinch at all.
There had been one night when she’d woken deep in the sleep rotation, and Rocket had been
nowhere to be found. She’d gone looking for him - just her white button down and her messy
bun and the pair of flimsy boots she’d pulled on to protect her feet from the grated floors.
The soft soles of her boots had whispered against the grates, and the velvet-blue corridors had
been rich with shadows. She’d finally found him in one of the cargo holds - the one which
Groot had occasionally used as a retreat - and she immediately wondered why she had taken
so long to look there.

He’d been sitting on the floor in the dark, next to his potted twig, with a datapad on the floor
in front of him. The tiny projector had filtered a small holovid into the dark: a miniature
version of Groot, captured in silvery light - an accidental recording that had never been
intentionally created, much less kept. How the recording had even made it into storage will
remain forever a mystery, but Jolie had been immediately glossy-eyed with gratitude that it
had.

Watching Rocket as he watches Groot, Jolie’s mind immediately calls up three things: the
quiet persistence of grief like an ice-deep glacial lake behind the heart. The collarbone-ache
of a sob trying to escape a silent throat. The healing medicine of being not alone that starts to
balance the pressure between the body and the rest of the universe.

These are the three most salient memories Jolie has from the night that Rocket had found her
crying in the cockpit, agonizing over her golden painting.

Here in the blue-shadowed hold, Rocket’s fur hadn’t yet been wet with tears - but Jolie had
felt the heaviness in the room anyway. So she’d eased herself to the floor beside him, cross-
legged - bare thighs cold on the metal cargo hold floor - and together they’d watched as much
of Groot as they could, again and again. Rocket’s arms had been folded over his knees and
he’d been hunched, but she had rested one hand on his back, between his shoulderblades.
He’d stiffened when her fingers had grazed something hard beneath his jumpsuit - more
metal prosthetics and bolts, she’d assumed - but she’d shifted her touch slightly, and then
he’d leaned back into her hand, just a little.

She had kept her palm there all night, stroking her thumb over him lightly.

That had been the only time it happened - his retreat into some other space on the ship - and
he’d never mentioned it. The next night, he’d climbed back into his hammock as usual, and
then joined her in bed a few hours later. The pattern had continued, unrelenting, and she
hadn’t minded. If he needed the illusion of separation, it was a small price to pay for having
him there. Once, drowsy and unthinking, she’d wrapped an arm around his midsection and
pulled him against her, nuzzling the cloud-soft fur at the base of his ear with a half-dozing
hum. He’d grown very still and tense all at once, and then - just when she was starting to
wake up enough to realize what she was doing - he’d relaxed, almost melting into her arms.

His fur smells like the forests back home, and she could breathe it in all day if he’d let her.
There isn’t much she misses from Terra - Earth, she reminds herself - but there are a few
things: oversized sweatshirts with stupid sayings, and oversized coffee mugs with stupid
sayings. Music. The ability to plug in her phone and scroll through her photos.

Mint ice cream, and the deep woods.
But that’s it, really.

It takes some time for Rocket to start finding his normal level of sarcasm again, but Jolie is
nothing if not patient with grief. She knows - too well - that it never fully leaves.

Sometimes, when Rocket is distracted working on the water showers - all these upgrades and
the Nova Corps couldn’t give us better frickin’ plumbing? he’d groused - she pulls out her
little makeshift flowerpress and checks on the blossoms that had somehow miraculously
survived the battle on Xandar. She still hasn’t decided what she’s going to do with them, but
she’s so glad she kept them. She knows her grief is nothing compared to Rocket’s - but she
misses the elder Groot too.

Sometimes, Rocket dreams - especially in the immediate aftermath of Xandar. Jolie wakes up
to him gasping, or his teeth bared and glinting, and she breathes steadily until he can match it.
Sometimes he lets her touch him, and sometimes he doesn’t. They’ll sit side-by-side in the
dark with the old sheet-rock wall against their backs, and wait out the tremors together.

One night, in the velvet dark, he tells her, “They cut me apart.”

That’s it - nothing else. She’s not even sure he meant to say it aloud anyway. But she’d
already carved his words from Conjunction onto her heart, and the quiet confession after he’d
gotten out of the Kyln. She may not know the details, but she’s already seen the general
picture.

And she knows what he’d shared here, in this moment, is an understatement.

She’d sat quietly beside him in the shadows, not touching him yet because she had been able
to tell he needed space, at least for the moment. Instead, she’d stayed still, her hand a whisper
away from him. She hadn’t known the right thing to say.

Eventually, she’d just settled on the truth.

“You never deserved that,” she’d said. She’d kept her voice even and tender. “And I’d kill
them myself if I could.”

She feels him jolt beside her, and then he’s looking up at her in the dark. She keeps her eyes
steady on the honeycomb shelf where Groot sleeps, letting him study her as long as he needs
to, like his eyes could scrape the truth out of her if he just looks long enough.

He doesn’t say anything else that night. But the next sleep rotation, he forgoes the hammock
entirely. She climbs into bed and the plasma orbs dim and she hears him peeling off the
jumpsuit. And then - darkness silhouetted on more darkness because her eyes haven’t
adjusted yet - he stands at the edge of the shelf-bed and clears his throat.

“Uh, sweetheart - “

She doesn’t want to make him ask. She just opens the covers, and he breaks off mid-sentence
with a little huff of something like incredulity, or maybe relief. Possibly amusement. All of
the above, perhaps. The thin mattress shifts as he climbs in and curls into a tight circle beside
her.

She drops the covers around them.

Eventually, Rocket’s eyes start to light up again: those flares of mockery, of glee, of violence
and anger. He renews his attempts to nettle Pete, who - to be fair - nettles quite easily. He
goes back to sinking himself in the craftsmanship of terrifying bombs, massive firearms, and
a million other things she never would have been able to dream up in the first place.
Sometimes while he works, he talks: explaining things, telling stories, answering her inane
questions. It’s in these quiet, easy moments that she learns she’s apparently supposed to
discard the first bullet in every new case of ammo.

“Why?” she asks, baffled and fascinated. He stares at her witheringly, like she’s an absolute
moron and he can’t believe he’s stuck with her.

“You get better shots when you do,” he tells her practically, like it’s common sense.

An offering to the gods of guns, she thinks, and when he starts to get testy about it, she
promises she’ll do it.

She hadn’t realized he was so superstitious, and it’s fucking charming.

The biggest shift - for her, anyway, though perhaps not for her friends - is that Pete has
learned there’s money in marketing their services as “the Guardians of the Galaxy,” and life
has become a lot of fighting.

It’s not that she hates it - it’s just such an upheaval from what she’s used to. Most of her life
has been built on the tooth-grinding need to get out into the galaxy far from Terra, to pursue
any scrap of information she could get her hands on - but then that pursuit ended. She’s more
or less floated since then: metaphorically as well as physically. Her work is quiet work, after
all. Her talents and training are overwhelmingly founded on patience.

And for years, the Gemma Lynn had been far too empty for anything to be urgent. At least
before Rocket.

Of course Jolie still picks up art restorations and assessments when she can. She tells herself
it’s important that the Guardians have some kind of steady, regular income that doesn’t hinge
on some planetary catastrophe or the brutalitarian fascist of the week.

But - to be honest, even when being honest hurts - she just doesn’t have the skills that
literally any of her new family-members have.

She can, like, shoot things. She’s not a stranger to killing, exactly - she’s done it when she’s
had to, out here all alone. She’d do it again, too, if someone she loved was on the line, or if
she was protecting another person, or if she ever came face-to-face with the man whom
Taserface had called the High Evolutionary Hisself.
But Jolie has to admit to an increasing sense of uselessness. Imposter Syndrome, to use
Terran terms. It had been easy to dismiss when it was just her and Rocket. It hadn’t been
surprising, to be so different from her first and only copilot. It had been possible to feel like
she was still bringing something to the table, even if it was mostly her ship. And even later,
after everyone else had come along, she’d been distracted: focused on getting rid of the
power stone.

But each of the new family members around her - this pocket of people she’s grown to love -
they’ve all been tragically trained since childhood to steal, kill, incapacitate, and generally
cause mayhem and destruction. Comparatively, she’s really just been picking up bits and
pieces as she goes - and even then, only in the last few years. Jolie is painfully aware that
surprising a Faraday crewmember with a gun in the mouth doesn’t really mean she’s
qualified to try and help in missions like the ones they’ve been signing up for lately.

She’s a misfit in a family of misfits.

She tries to remind herself that Gamora is training her in hand-to-hand, and at least the Zen-
Whoberian doesn’t seem disappointed by her progress. And Rocket’s always bringing Jolie
newer and larger firearms, and he seems highly gratified by watching her use them. More
than once, she’s caught him looking at her with a gleam in his eye that she can’t quite
identify.

“Like this,” he’ll say, before he even lets her off the Gemma Lynn/Milano, which still doesn’t
have a proper collective name yet. He’ll have her hold whatever new gun he wants her to
start using, show her all the triggers, tell her to bend her knees a bit or be ready for a recoil
that could sock her into the next star system. Sometimes, mid-fight, he appears at her side
with an eyeroll and an exasperated mutter of “sweetheart” or “doll,” gently kicking her feet
further apart, or bounding up her back to adjust one of her elbows while the side of his nose
presses against the soft, sensitive part of her neck, just under her ear, almost like her body is
the gun he’s wrapped around and aiming.

Which is all to say that these little firearms-training-sessions have started to become
distressing. Jolie is pretty sure that she’s not supposed to leave them feeling flushed and
fluttery, bones pliant and body aching to be moved wherever and however Rocket wants to
move her. It’s like her skin has a mind of its own, yearning for him, even while her brain
coldly reminds her that this is not the place or time, that she needs to focus, that he would be
repulsed by her nonsense in the narrow-eyed, snarl-mouthed way that only Rocket can be
repulsed.

It’s almost certainly a sure way to get kicked out of their little shared bunk.

Which is why, when Jolie wakes first this morning, she sucks in a breath and doesn’t move.
Rocket is curled up under the covers as usual, his fur brushing against her belly and thighs
and even the undersides of her breasts where her shirt has ridden up, and she’s so grateful
he’s not awake yet. She can feel her face flare crimson as she carefully pulls the sleepshirt
down between them, and she has a hard time catching her breath as she extricates herself
from the bed.

Her heart must be going a mile a minute.
She’s the only one up yet through the whole ship, and the coldness of the fans in the sonic
shower aren’t doing enough to quell her shuddery insides. She wishes Rocket was done with
the water-showers because getting off would feel more discreet and hidden if she was
surrounded by falling water, rinsing away the slickness on her skin without her having to feel
like it’s all so obvious. Unfortunately, there aren’t a lot of options for privacy right now - not
unless she wants to move back into her own bunk.

She tries to be practical and quick when she slides her fingers between her thighs, and to not
think about the fur on Rocket’s shoulders brushing against her sensitive skin, or the way he
calls her princess: half-mocking, half-like he really does think she’s something… What?
Special? Ugh - pathetic.

She tries not to think about the way her knees get all warm and weak when he taps her feet
apart with his own, forcing her legs a little wider.

Or the way his voice curls low into her abdomen and lives there after he calls her a good girl
for learning how to handle a new gun.

It’s not so much that she wants his approval - she does, she very much does, when did that
become a thing she wanted so badly? - it’s really more that she just needs him to have some
goddamn peace, or a sliver of happiness. She’d be fucking wrecked if she could give him just
a little of that herself.

And that part isn’t new. It’s intensified and taken on new notes, sure, but it’s probably been
there in some form or another since probably the moment she’d met his eyes on the Eclector.

So she tries not to think about these things. But, when the thoughts enter her head without her
permission… that’s when she comes, more quickly and less pragmatically than she’d
expected. She strangles back a series of shuddery gasps, accidentally cracking the back of her
head against the wall where she’s leaning - and barely noticing. Her teeth are clenched so
hard that, when her brain comes back online, she has to flex her jaw. For a moment she
stands: curved at the abdomen, eyes closed and panting, shoulder blades pressed to the tile.
Trying not to slide to the ground.

She doesn’t allow herself more than a moment to relax before trying to grapple her breathing
back into something even and smooth.

New fucking kink unlocked, she thinks bitterly at herself, eyes closed and lips still parted,
chest still struggling. Apparently, she has some kind of very obnoxious thing going on in
connection to his rare rumbled good girl comments, and maybe when she feels better she’ll
examine why his casual and potentially condescending praise rings through her brain for
days.

Probably something totally fucky related to her sense of chronic inadequacy, but that’s a
depressing thought for another day.

Christ, she berates herself.
She cleans her body again and tries to get control of herself, then wriggles into fresh clothes
before ducking quietly back into the bunk.

Whoever wakes up first usually takes little Groot with them, and that means that for today,
it’s her. So, after her shower, she quietly collects him and takes him upstairs. Placing him on
the bar, she turns on some of Quill’s new music - Awesome Mix, Volume 2. She chatters at
Groot while she rehydrates some eggs, dances a little bit around the kitchen. She tells the
little twig about some paintings she’s working on. She’s hopefully not overstepping any
boundaries, but she’s started illustrating some of the moments that Rocket has told her about
with Groot: a few scant, precious memories between himself and his best friend. She snaps
her mouth shut when Rocket climbs up the ladder, a brief flush coloring her face when she
thinks of how she’d woken up and how she’d spent her time in the shower.

Her copilot eyes her quizzically, one brow arched, and she shakes herself and gestures him
over.

“C’mere,” she calls, and he does, hopping up on the barstool across from her and Groot.

She bends at the waist, resting her chin on her hands and her palms on the counter, getting
eye-level with the potted twig and motioning for Rocket to do the same. He does so without
questioning, and they both stare at the standing branch.

“What’re we looking at?” Rocket asks after a long moment.

She flicks her eyes up to his. “I think he’s starting to grow,” she whispers softly.

Rocket blinks, immediately refocusing on the slender stick. “Does he look like he’s getting…
a little bigger?” Rocket mumbles, and his voice is dubious but hopeful.

She hums an agreement. “I think he’s starting to get little sprouts up top, too,” she says.

“Why are we whispering?” Drax booms from the hatch, and Rocket jumps a bit.

“No reason,” Jolie says aloud, and piles two plates high with eggs and crispy orloni.
“Breakfast time,” she says, and slides them to the boys. “Do you know if Gamora is up?”

“Good morning,” the former assassin says, appearing from the lower level and heading
toward the couch.

“Eggs and orloni?” Jolie offers.

“No, thank you. But I’d take coffee if you’re making any.”

Jolie winks and pours a cup. “Anything for you.”

Nova Corps had stocked them up in dishware, assuming most of the Gemma Lynn’s had been
destroyed - and it had been a relief, because the days leading up to Xandar had required a
medley of mealtimes with such limited dishware, and eating together had been impossible
unless the food was handheld. Not that they’d had much time to eat together anyway. But this
relative peace - the ability to choose their own schedule - has allowed for more meals as a
family.

Jolie fucking eats it up.

She pours coffee for Gamora, adds the dark sugar that the Zen-Whoberian is so fond of, and
then passes the cup to Drax, who half-turns on the bar stool to hand it to Gamora.

“Quill still sleeping?” Rocket asks, and Jolie shrugs.

“Probably.”

“Actually, I’ll have you know I’m wide awake,” her fellow Terran says as he emerges from
the hatch. “Just slow.”

Rocket snorts.

“I was gonna ask for a favor, Earthgirl.”

“Mmhmm,” she hums. “Breakfast first. Then you can do the dishes.”

Drax bellows a laugh.

“Why me?” Pete’s demanding, offended, and Jolie points a spatula at him.

“Because you’re already asking me for a favor, and you didn’t even say good morning. Eggs
and orloni?”

“Extra orloni,” he grumps.

“Atta boy.”

Pete takes his plate to the couch and bites into the crispy orloni slices. “Delicious,” he says.
“My compliments to the chef.”

It’s Jolie’s turn to scoff. “Flattery ain’t gettin’ you outta the dishes, my dude.”

Rocket snickers into his own cup of coffee.

“Yeah, yeah,” Pete says. “Look, we’re just in the middle of nowhere - “

“We’re right off Belua,” Gamora protests.

“Yeah, but Beluans don’t have hair,” Pete says, pointing at his blond mop. “And I’m getting
ridiculous here. I need a haircut, and Jolie’s always been the one to give me a haircut when I
couldn’t get a real…like, a real haircut. A good one.”

“You’re gonna say that shit and then have me take a redrazor to your head?”

“I mean - “
“And it hasn’t been always,” Jolie adds primly. “Only when I’ve been in the neighborhood.”

“Sorry, sorry,” Pete says. “Geez.”

“But yes,” she says with a grin, just because things feel so good right now. “I will cut your
hair.”

++++

She’s had Pete haul a barstool down to a little corner of the corridor near the cargo holds,
where the floor is smooth and easily sweepable. The redrazor is charged, a fine little laser
running behind the shave-guard.

“The usual?” she asks, and Pete nods.

For a moment, she works in silence, and it feels as companionable as it used to. Pete has felt
like some weird combination of older and younger brother since almost as long as she’s
known him - something like six or seven years, now. They’ve been close by default - the only
two Terrans she knows of in this corner of the galaxy - and even if he’s not up on the pop
culture references of the last quarter-century, there’s still some sort of connection there.

Which is not to say that Pete doesn’t have qualities that make him a good friend in his own
right. He’s funny, in the kind of oafish way that makes her roll her eyes. And he is genuinely
kind, underneath all his blustering insecurity. Sharing time with him - whether they’d been
listening to Awesome Mix Volume 1 or just vibing for a brief moment between jobs on the
Eclector - has always been nice. Sometimes they laugh over what he remembers from Star
Trek compared to what the two of them are actually living. More than once, she tells and
retells him the plots of Star Wars, Episodes One through Three. Other times, they play round
after round of Go Fish and War and Speed and Slapjack, all with a pack of Terran playing
cards Jolie had made for them out of thin plexiplast and paint.

Pete will tell her stories about what he remembers from Terra, or the future he’d once
imagined for himself there - the Milano beats a white picket fence in the suburbs any day, he
says confidently - and in return, Jolie swears to herself to never, ever disillusion him with
things like the housing market and student loan debt.

He’s sweet. He’s well-intentioned. And even if he’s lost a lot, he’s still fundamentally
optimistic. She loves that for him, and for anyone who’s lucky enough to know him.

He’d also been with her in some of the darkest, most hopeless moments of her life. When
she’d been sitting there on the Eclector, the fifty-seventh Kree datapad in her hands, staring
blindly at it, he’d come and put an arm around her shoulders. It had made her jump, and
she’d recoiled, suddenly startled out of her shock and into a strangled scream of agony. She’d
started shaking so hard she was sure her soul was going to peel itself out from under her skin.

And Pete had just pulled her in more tightly, and rested his chin on the top of her head until
she could speak. And then he’d taken care of her.

She will never, ever forget that.
Of course, he chooses this moment to break the silence and the poignant memories.

“So, uh,” he starts quietly. “What’s up between you and Rocket?”

She pauses. “Excuse me?”

He clears his throat. “Well. You know. It’s clear you both care about each other a lot.”

“Yeah,” she says blankly, and if she’s playing dumb, oh well. A girl’s allowed to have her
secrets. “He’s my copilot. So what?”

“Well,” Pete hedges, “there’s all the little affectionate touches, which he’ll only tolerate from
you.” He coughs again, politely. “He calls you sweetheart and doll and princess - and it only
sounds like he’s being a dick about it maybe, like, half the time.”

She waits, sculpting the hair on the left side of his head. He pauses meaningfully.

“And…okay, obviously, you guys share a bunk, even though it’s not - strictly necessary at
this point. And…I know Rocket’s room here has the hammock, but Drax said the two of you
shared a room on Xandar, even though you both had your own. And those rooms only had
one bed apiece. So…”

“Pete,” she says slowly. “Peter. Quill. Star-Lord. Brother-of-Mine. Are you asking me if I’m
fucking my copilot?”

There is a long moment of quiet, broken only by the hum of the redrazor.

“I mean,” he says cautiously, “are you fucking your copilot?”

“Christ,” she says flatly.

“Because - look, I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but he’s also a raccoon.”

“I’m actually going to murder you,” she tells him conversationally, and he knows her well
enough that he should recognize the danger in her tone.

“Look,” Quill says, eyes wide and palms out. “He’s clearly not, like a normal raccoon. And I
myself have made love to some folks who, frankly, you would not think would be
biologically compatible with me. Remember that hot cephalopod? Anyway,” he backpedals,
“the point is: this is space, sis. All different bodies and organs and whatever. I’m not
judging.” He pauses, hesitates. “Not exactly.”

“I am not fucking my copilot,” she says, her voice grim.

“Would you, though?” he persists. “I mean, are you planning on it?”

She slides up the control button on the redrazor so that it whirs loudly. Dangerously.

“Hey.” He raises both palms in surrender. “You’re the one who told me that Terrans need
companionship, blah blah, evolutionarily predisposed, blah blah, pack animals, skin hunger,
et cetera et cetera.”

“Companionship is not always the same thing as fucking,” she says darkly. “At least not for
all of us.”

And it’s true. Sure, maybe she’d just made herself come in the shower stall while thinking
about Rocket’s pretty whiskey-colored eyes and what it would be like to hear him talk about
how wet she was. But it’s not like him wanting her is a requirement for them to have some
kind of relationship.

After all, she’s already pretty much devoted.

“So then,” Pete asks doggedly, “are you guys, like, companions? Or whatever?”

She sighs, turns the control slider back down to a reasonable level, and starts working at the
base of his skull. Blond curls fall to the floor. “I don’t know,” she says after a moment. She
chews her lip and shrugs, and when she speaks, her voice is smaller than she’d like. “He
reminds me of all the best parts of home.”

“Seriously?” Quill asks incredulously, and she rolls her eyes, presses her fingers to the crown
of his head, and pushes his chin down to meet his chest so she can draw a clean up the line at
the base of his skull. “Like, what, the dumpsters?”

“You’re really asking to be bald, aren’t you?” she says in her most polite voice.

“Sorry, sorry,” he says. “I just…” he trails off. “He’s like…kinda mean? I think he does have
a heart under all that, but it sure seems hard to get to.”

She hums a little, disagreeable sound. “I don’t think so. I mean, sure, he can be mean, but so
can you. Exhibit A: that nasty little dumpster comment,” she adds, and tugs a lock of his hair
sharply. “And so can I, bud. Be mean.” She shrugs again, and tilts his head to trim behind his
ear. “But he’s…” She hesitates. “I mean, he’s the smartest person I’ve ever met. And he’s so
creative. He looks at a thing, and he figures out how it works, and then he takes it apart and
makes something completely new. He dreams up things that have never even been imagined
before, and he does it in seconds. Do you know how special that is?”

“I know you’re gonna tell me.”

“Pete. He looks at things and he doesn’t just see them for what they are. He sees all the things
they could be. It’s…a kind of magic.”

Quill makes a soft little sound. “There’s a gift in just seeing what things are, too, Earthgirl. It
gives people the freedom to just be.”

She waves away his comment with her empty hand. “That’s not the point. And - he’s fucking
funny, Pete. He says the most hilarious shit faster than I can blink.”

“Hilarious? Or just bitchy? Who could say?”

“Sometimes both,” she concedes, “but underneath that, he’s….kind.”
“Earthgirl. Are we talking about the same raccoon?”

“Have you seen the way he holds Groot?” she shoots back. “And - you know, one time, he
found me working on the painting in the cockpit at like, some ridiculous hour of the
morning? I was crying, of course.” She rolls her eyes. “As one does. Anyway, I’m pretty sure
he still hated my guts at that point, but he just…sat with me. All night. Didn’t say a word.”
She chews her lip. “He just…he cares. A lot.”

“Does he?” Quill asks, his voice lilting skeptically. “I mean, okay, I know he cares about
Groot. And…yeah, he does care about you, obviously. But -“

“You weren’t with him in the Warbird on Xandar,” she interrupts. “He really believed all
those people were gonna die, but he kept going. You didn’t see how he immediately went to
protect the civilians when the Sakaarans started dive-bombing. You didn’t see his face when
Saal got killed. And you didn’t see how he looked when he decided to run the Warbird into
the Dark Aster in a last-ditch effort to save both you and that planet - a planet which, I might
add, has mostly just given him grief.”

She rakes in a breath and it rattles through her ribcage like old leaves.

“He could’ve left. He could’ve taken the Warbird and bailed as soon as we realized Ronan
had survived the Hadron Enforcer. But instead, he chose to do something - even though he
fully expected it to kill him. So yeah,” she says, and if her voice is a little haggard and her
breathing is kind of ragged, she doesn’t care. Pete’s seen her at her worst before. “Yeah, he
cares. So much that it hurts. So much that he’s afraid to.”

Even with his head turned away from her, she can tell he softens. The lines of his shoulders
drop, and his head tilts subconsciously. She swallows hard, and tilts him the other way to
clean up behind his other ear.

“Have you told him yet?” Pete asks after a long moment.

She chuckles, but it’s dry and painful. “Told him what? That I love him?”

“Well, yeah,” he says gently. “Seems like something he should know.”

She eyes the back of his head witheringly. “I’m not trying to fuck up the vibe. Any of the
vibes, actually.” She runs her fingers through the hair at the crown of his head, sticking it up.
“Do you want me to leave the top long, or…?”

“Trim it just a little? Like you normally do?”

She hums and opens her mouth to change the subject, but Pete’s relentless.

“I’ve been completely transparent with Gamora. About how I feel about her. About how
much I want to be with her.”

“You’ve always worn your heart on your sleeve, Pete,” Jolie says dryly. “It’s part of your
charm. Your limited charm.”
He snickers. “Okay. But I’m just saying…you could try it.”

She’s already shaking her head. “Nah. My charm is in not ever asking for anything if I can
help it.”

He tilts his head in frustration and she hisses, flicking his skull with a finger. “Move like that
again and I can’t be blamed for whatever happens to your hair.”

“Sorry,” he sulks. “I’m just - I feel like if I said that to you, you’d be like - “ he raises his
voice to a high falsetto “‘ - Pete, that’s not healthy, blah blah, it’s okay to need things, it’s
okay to want things, it’s okay to ask -’”

“Do as I say, not as I do,” she returns flatly. “Did you not hear me just say that caring is like,
painful for him? And I’m gonna - what? No matter what I say - hey, Rocket, I’m not asking
for anything, just wanted you to know I fucking adore you - the implication is that I want him
to care back. Harder.”

Pete shakes his head. “To borrow your own turn of phrase, Earthgirl - not telling him? That’s
fucked.” He hesitates. “I think he’d wanna know.”

She huffs out another grim little chuckle. “I think he’d run.”

“Does he…know anything? About you? How you ended up out here and…everything?”

She’s already shaking her head. “I promised I would tell him. Like, right after we left
Knowhere. But…I don’t know. Like I said, I’m not trying to fuck up the vibe.” She chews her
lip.

“I don’t…it’s not fucking up the vibe, Jolie. It’s…” Pete trails off, then says tentatively, “I’m
just saying that now seems like as good a time as any. Especially since you love him. Things
are good now. Things are calm. We’re all safe.” He hesitates. “You could.”

She breathes in heavily. Maybe he’s right. But Rocket’s already carrying such a weight, and
her own obnoxious story seems small in comparison, even though the telling of it will
probably have her a wreck for days.

She can’t afford that.

“I’ll take it under advisement,” she says as lightly as she can, and walks in front of him to
check and make sure everything is evenly trimmed. She hums, pulling gently on a few
handfuls of closely-cut hair to make sure there are no long strands hiding on his scalp, and
changes the subject. “So. As you were saying. About you and Gamora?”

He shrugs a little, shifting his head right as she’s touching up a spot, and she swats his
shoulder.

“I said, don’t move when I’m cutting!”

“Sorry,” he repeats sheepishly. “I mean, we kind of have…something. I think. We’re getting
there. It’s like…an understanding.”
She snorts and circles him for one last check, then turns off the redrazor. “Then why the hell
were you giving me shit about Rocket?”

He pauses, seeming to really consider her question. “I just wanted to make sure you were
happy,” he says after a moment. “And I don’t want you hurting. It’s important to me.”

She softens, dusts the stray golden hairs off the top of his head and shoulders, and drops a
kiss on his crown. “Your happiness is important to me, too, Brother-of-Mine.”

She rests her chin atop his head.

“Now. Broom’s in the utility closet. Sweep up this hair, Star-Lord.”

++++

Groot is definitely growing now. He has blinking black eyes and a sweet little mouth, and the
softest brush of green sprouts on top of his head. He has two little branch-arms, with tendril-
like fingers blooming at the ends. All day, he’s teasing and playing games with the rest of
their family: dancing, freezing, charming them with silliness.

In particular, he loves to dance - but he won’t around Drax. At first, Jolie thinks it’s just
another of Groot’s games - but sometimes she worries that he’s picked up on Drax’s opinion
of dancing. She can already tell Drax will be utterly charmed by anything their family’s baby
does, but the person who needs to know that most is Groot.

At night, when Rocket brings the Flora Colossus down to the bunk, Groot makes soft little
rumbles - groot…groot; groot - and Rocket watches him quietly with his heart in his eyes,
and Jolie watches them both like the moment is made of the thinnest planes of etched glass.
She wonders if Rocket knows how transparent he is in these unguarded moments.

She decides he doesn’t, and that she is extraordinarily blessed to bear witness to them.

She also tries to clean up her language. She has a few too many f-bombs in her vocabulary to
be throwing around in front of the little guy.

And yeah, she’s in love. She’s in love with this massive hodge-podge family they’ve made,
she’s in love with this new adopted son of theirs, she’s in love with her copilot. And if Rocket
feels all his love tinged with anger and fear, then she feels hers tinged with sadness and loss.
She’s full-up of love, and it’s all bittersweet.

On Martzi, they have a couple days of quiet, and Rocket brings Jolie a disk the size of her
palm. He hands it to her casually, but she can feel the excitement radiating off him,
resonating on her skin.

He’s perfected the Aero-Rig.

“You figured out the pocket dimension tech already?” she asks with a grin. She supposes she
should feel incredulous, but she doesn’t. He’s too clever for it to have been any kind of actual
challenge, even with all the other stuff he’s been making at the same time.
He scoffs. “Kid stuff,” he tells her, and winks - the expression is so exaggerated, so
ridiculous, that she can’t help but laugh out loud. “Wanna try this thing with me, princess?”

“Fuck yes,” she says, embracing the curse since Groot’s not around. “You’ve already made
me wait so long.”

Something heated flickers in Rocket’s eyes at that, but he just tsks - “Language” - before
jumping up to slap the little disk against her back. The blow is hard enough to make her
stumble - which she’s sure is intentional - and she shoots him a playful scowl. The armor
snaps out, clipping over the top half of her torso, and then she wiggles a little. The folds of
her too-large sweatshirt bunch up in places, and she tugs on the soft fabric till she’s
comfortable.

He shows her how to work it, what to press, how to maneuver.

“Keep your core tight and your back straight,” he instructs, “or you’ll be flopping all over the
place.”

“You sure I’m not gonna fall out of the sky?” she challenges with a crooked, teasing smile.

“You scared, sweetheart?” he throws back, and she laughs.

The rig jolts her a little when it first fires up. She wobbles a little but follows his instructions,
and the ascent settles into smoothness. Then they’re gliding, racing, and Rocket’s cackling,
and she’s laughing with him. When they land, they’re both breathless, and for just a while,
the weight Rocket’s always carrying seems lighter.

“So are you going to tell me about pocket-dimension tech yet?” she asks, trying to wriggle
out of the Aero-Rig so she can collapse it. She reaches behind herself for the disk between
her shoulderblades - over her shoulder, then up behind her back. No luck. It’s placed in a spot
just too far difficult for her to really tap it with enough force to get it to release. Fuck, she
thinks, and wriggles again before looking at him pleadingly. “Can you help me get this off,
please?”

He glances over at her - and freezes, eyes wide and jaw just a little ajar. His gazes skates her
from ankles to the knot of hair at the top of her head, before his mouth snaps shut and his
eyelids drop to half-mast. Slowly, he crosses his arms over his chest, then leans back casually
against the hull of the Gemma Lynn like he’s content to watch her struggle.

“I’m sure you can reach it, princess,” he says, and his voice is lower than she’s used to. It
always surprises her when he does that, because she never remembers it’s possible for him to
just drop an octave - his voice is already so deep. Gravelly. The rumble of it scrapes over her
nerves. “Try a little harder.”

She makes a face at him, then reaches up behind herself again, back arching. He stares at her
through half-lidded eyes for a moment as she squirms. “I really can’t, Rocket.” He doesn’t
move, and for a second, she wonders if she’s actually going to have to find Quill or Gamora
to help her get out of the thing. “Please? Rocket?”
He makes a weird sort of noise in the back of his throat, but before she can say another word,
he’s skirting behind her. “Helpless,” he mutters, tapping the disk between her shoulderblades
- more gently this time, she notices. The armor clinks back into its pocket dimension,
disappearing inside itself.

She scoffs, but the sound is light and she keeps her voice delicate and playful. “You’re telling
me you can’t design something that I can reach? I thought you were a mechanical and
engineering genius or something.”

He narrows his eyes. “Better watch it. Next time I’ll leave you tangled up. Just watch you try
to get loose.”

It’s such a weird choice of words that her brain trips over it for a second, then moves on. She
snorts. “No, you won’t.”

He raises a brow. “No? That some kind of dare?”

Never mind that for a moment she’d been worried he was going to do exactly that. She
bumps his shoulder lightly with her hip. “Nope. You like me too much.”

He blinks up at her, then looks away, rolling the two disks in his hands and muttering
something about making them more accessible.

“So,” she prods playfully. “Pocket dimension tech?”

He snorts then, back to his normal self - whatever that is. “I told you, I’m not trying to put
you to sleep with shit you don’t understand right now. And -” he adds sharply, clawed index
finger raised in warning “- no wearing your hair down with these things. Best case scenario,
you incinerate the ends, and then I have to smell your burnt hair all night. Worst case, you’ll
get stuck or screw something up and end up crashing back to ground.”

“Yes sir,” she teases, but she takes his point. “Whatever you say.”

They bicker their way back onto the Gemma Lynn/Milano, but every bit of it is good-natured
and light and fuck, she is happy. She can’t remember the last time she felt so content.

Unfortunately, it doesn’t take long for that weight to come back over him - and, if she’s being
honest, for her own reality to sink back onto her shoulders, too. Her smile grows soft and she
can feel a kind of wistfulness creeping in like ivy and wisteria. Without thinking, she strokes
her thumb over the fur behind one of his ears, just once - snatching her fingers back as soon
as she realizes what she’s doing. His ears twitch, but it’s the only indication that he’s even
noticed.

Now is as good a time as any, Quill had said.

Yeah, right. Not a fucking chance.
Chapter End Notes



    you are all sweet little peaches and strawberries and slices of seedless watermelon. thank
    you for your overwhelmingly kind response to the last chapter, and thank you for being
    in this for the long haul. you are priceless treasures && i am grateful for you

    Coming Soon: Chapter XIII - Don’t Wait.
    in which a lost sister is found and Drax grapples with the concept of sarcasm.
                                       Chapter 13: Don't Wait.
Chapter Summary



      in which a lost sister is found and Drax grapples with the concept of sarcasm.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   It’s cycles on cycles of relative peace. Rocket spends his time picking over any weaponry he
   can find on any planet they land on. He gets the water-showers up and running: three pods,
   plus hot clean water practically in perpetuity thanks to his newly-rigged rapid-refiltration and
   heating system. Next upgrade will probably be that air-dryer he remembers from Xandar.
   Water-showers are the best, but trying to get dry has its challenges when a person’s covered
   in fur.

   Jo helps - well, sort of. She knows some basics - whatever she’s needed to learn to keep the
   Gemma Lynn functional, he imagines. At least, as long as he pretends to forget that frickin'
   nightmare with the hexapull and the engine room door. But mostly, he’s having her hold shit,
   hand him tools, and manage the more straightforward tasks. He talks her through some of the
   more complicated stuff he’s doing but frankly, sometimes he relies too much on intuition to
   know how to explain it. In those moments, he kind of wishes he was a better teacher, which is
   a thought he’s never had before in his life.

   To be honest, trying to work with Jo means that each project takes longer than if he’d done it
   himself. But the truth is - and he still hates to admit it, even to himself - he’s come to like her
   company. Kind of crave it, sometimes, if he’s being honest. Her softness and warmth, just
   next to him. She touches him far more liberally than he would’ve ever imagined another
   person willingly doing - not unless he’d paid them, not unless it was to hurt him - and far
   more often than he would’ve imagined himself allowing.

   That said, he knows he’s returning the favor discreetly, a hundred times over. Leaning over
   her shoulder to adjust her hold on a laser-drill that she’s gripping perfectly fine on her own,
   tucking his nose under the curve of her jaw while he checks her aim, tapping the inside of her
   knee with one paw to widen a stance that really only needs to be widened for, uh,
   aestheticalistic purposes.

   Sharing the Aero-Rigs with her had been frickin’ exhilarating. And the way she’d looked
   after - pink-cheeked, wind-blown, eyes all glossy, twisting herself up into a pretty little
   package while she tried to reach the disk on her back - it had almost given him a frickin’
   hard-on right there, out of nowhere. He’d looked at her and all he could think about was how
   candy-sweet she was, and how much he wanted to get his mouth on her clit.
It would take nothin’ to convince me to keep you trapped in my bunk for a cycle or two.

In retrospect, he knows it was because of the adrenaline and endorphins from, you know,
fucking flying. Of course - he can admit to himself now that he’s attracted to her. Of course -
who wouldn’t be? But that near-lapse in judgment and self-control had only been the
reasonable result of sleeping together for cycles now, and then getting buzzed on flight.

That was it.

He definitely does not take any liberties when he wakes up next to her and her shirt has
ridden up, or she’s pulled him into her chest, or he finds them in some other frickin’...
situation. Yeah, he hasn’t taken advantage.

But he also hasn’t taken any steps to prevent it.

Can I touch you?

If he asked, it wouldn’t be about adjusting her fuckin’ aim. But he won’t. Because in his
fantasies, she always says yes, in that sweet, breathy way of hers -

And if he asks her, for real - well, he can’t imagine the answer will be the same. And that
might frickin’ kill him.

Not that he deserves anything else.

On top of that, she’s started noticing when he’s having a bad day, physically-speaking. Or
maybe she’s always noticed, and he’s just noticing her noticing now. It wouldn’t surprise him
- he remembers the way she’d looked at his glass cutter, the way she’d quietly assessed all the
modifications he’s made to his tools so he can still use them when the metal and bones and
tendons in his hands start aching. But now he sees her clocking it - no matter how hard he
tries to hide it - when he’s got a hitch in his step or tension in his shoulders.

Nobody else seems to notice. But she’s… she’s looking. And she’s too damn good at seeing.

And then, one night, she asks him, her voice tentative and small while Groot snores on his
little shelf:

Can I touch you?

Trust frickin’ Jo to ask first, and for it to mean nothing he’d been fantasizing about.

“It’s a Terran human thing,” she tells him with a shrug. “We’re evolutionarily predisposed to
crave contact. Babies will die if they don’t get enough physical affection.” She gives him that
sunshine-smile, like she thinks it’s gonna win him over. “You’d be doing me a favor.”

He stares at her, deadpan, because he can see right through her these days - she’s so frickin’
stupid-sweet it hurts sometimes - and frankly, she’s fuckin’ predictable. But when he opens
his mouth to tell her that, what comes out instead is a hoarse okay, and when she asks him to
lay on his stomach next to her, he does it without protest.
‘Cause he’d love to be the one ordering Jo around in bed, but he fuckin’ knows who’s really
in charge between them, knows he’ll take whatever she’ll give him.

And give she does. At first he freezes up under her hands, teeth gritted, old anger rising. He
hates that she’s touching all his scars, the gnarled flesh where his fur can’t grow: ugly and
coarse. He knows she probably can’t see much of him in the dark but he feels like she can,
feels like the creepiest little monster to ever crawl out of a cage and dare to look at the stars.

But her fingers are patient and coaxing and gentle. They find the spots where his muscles
have been contorted, where they’re seizing up in misdirected retaliation for the abuses
they’ve suffered. She traces silken patterns through his fur and over his damaged flesh, light
as raindrops or snowflakes. Her thumbs and knuckles ease deep into knots, luring them out of
hiding. Over and around the larger planes of muscle, he feels her palms: firm, kneading,
gliding.

At some point, he vaguely realizes he’s become soup. Every bone and metal plate in his body
feels like it’s melted inside him like so many ceremonial candles of Indigarran beeswax. The
pain will maybe always be there, but it’s a hundred jump-points away right now, just the
barest flicker of a distant sun buried deep in space and time.

“Thank you,” she murmurs at some point, her breath close enough that his ear flickers
instinctively. “For letting me.”

It’s fuckin’ ludicrous, is what it is. Her little whispered gratitudes, when she’s the one so
obviously making his miserable life better.

It makes the line he’s toeing a lot harder to stay clear of. A guy could get drunk off a girl like
this, a girl touching him like this. Then thanking him for it.

He barely finishes the thought before he’s asleep, and when he wakes in the morning, his
body feels looser and lighter than it has in - well, since as far back as he can remember. And
she acts like she doesn’t even notice, like she hasn’t just changed his frickin’ life with a few
well-placed knuckles.

But so far - so far - he’s managed to hold himself in check, to not wriggle himself inside her
stupid sleepshirt and try to live there. Not just for his sake and hers, but also because Groot is
always there - a quiet little presence on the workbench or in the kitchenette. It’s bad enough
that the kid is being raised by this screwed-up, weird little murder-club. At least, Rocket
thinks, the little guy is surrounded by people who will look out for him, and who love him.

The kid is developing at a solid pace - not that Rocket really knows how a Flora Colossus is
supposed to develop. But everything seems good. Groot’s ability to communicate - if not his
physical ability to speak - is growing every day and he’s developing a kinda smart-ass
attitude, but…he’s the son of Rocket’s best, closest, longest friend, the Groot who sacrificed
himself for everyone, and Rocket can’t bring himself to curb it.

Besides, Rocket has an attitude himself, and it’s served him well enough over the years.

Mostly.
When Rocket wakes up one morning and finds Groot’s pot empty of everything but Jolie’s
potting soil, he almost loses his mind with panic. He’s shouting Groot’s name before he
thinks better of it, and Jo jerks upright in the shelf-bed and lunges so far that she falls right
off it. Rocket would have probably started laughing his ass off if he hadn’t been so frantic to
find his adopted son.

Then the little guy toddles out from a honeycomb shelf he’s somehow climbed into, and the
relief hits so hard that Rocket’s bones ache.

Other than that moment of blind terror, everything has been… nice. And comfortable. Which,
paradoxically, is supremely uncomfortable. Sometimes Rocket looks at the line of Jo’s neck,
framed by whatever shining streamers have fallen out of the messy knot on top of her head,
and something inside him itches and builds. Or he looks around the common area, at all these
idiots taking jabs at each other, and he feels a twinge in his chest cavity that’s new. Once or
twice, he’s thought - is this what it feels like to be happy? - and then immediately realized,
no, it’s the threat of being happy.

Those days, he’s always a little meaner than he intends to be.

It’s these moments that make him realize that his apprehension is growing daily, rising like a
tidal wave on Morag, and sooner or later it’s going to drown him. The push-and-pull of
wanting desperately to be with his adopted son, to be with Jo, to be with all of these morons -
and the knowledge that they’re only going to end up hurt, probably because of his own
carelessness - is enough to give him new nightmares all over again.

++++

“So, where to tomorrow?” Quill is asking. Gamora has pulled up the comms and is running
through a series of transmissions to check for distress calls, or other possible jobs.

Rocket’s tucked himself into a corner of the couch, and he’s working on yet another
handmade piece - a directed-energy particle rifle, modified with the four barrels of a laser
cannon and an adjusted hull that can collapse down into something small enough to fit into a
pistol-grip. He’s pretty sure it’s unobtrusive enough that he can convince Jo to keep it on her
person at all times. He’s just working on making sure it snaps out easily with the flick of a
wrist and the press of a release. He’ll make her practice until the movement is as natural as
breathing.

He’s also got a pile of modified gravity mines sitting on the coffee table, each the size of their
new dinner plates. He’s keeping one eye on Groot, who’s poking around them. Drax lounges
next to Rocket on the sofa, eating zargnuts and gazing into the middle-distance. Who knows
what goes on in the big guy’s brain? Rocket just shakes his head, glances up at Quill, and
goes back to his work.

“Anyone rich we can rip off?” he needles Quill. “Something small we can overcharge for?”
Like clockwork, the Terran’s rolling his eyes and scoffing. Star-Lord’s gotten way too
predictable - and way too self-righteous - since Xandar.
“Not everything is about making money,” Quill says, and Jolie snorts from her place on the
floor a few feet away, where she’s clamped a vice on the edge of the coffee table and is using
some kind of pigment to touch up the floral design on the edge of some paper-book pages.
She’s got a little vial of gleaming iridium powder and glue next to her, too, which Rocket
suspects she’s going to add once the paint is dry. He knows that on the lower level, in the
bunk that used to be Quill’s, she’s created a little studio space - but usually, she prefers to be
up here with the rest of them. Rocket’s noticed that she only seems to hole away when she’s
using some kind of toxic-smelling chemical that she thinks is going to bother them, and it
annoys him to think of her confined somewhere with even less ventilation. The thought is
irritating enough and persistent enough that he’s already got plans to add a better air filtration
system to the makeshift studio as soon as he can.

She’s also got a whole set of books down there just like this one - it’s a long project ahead,
but the collector who asked her to clean them up has given her a pretty lengthy span of time
to complete it, and has put down a hefty advance. Jo’s already told them she can work on it
over the course of the next several cycles while they bounce around to other locations.

“That’s funny,” she says to Quill now, her voice mild. “Wasn’t it only a few cycles ago that
you were trying to get Asgardian goods and services in exchange for giving them the power
stone?”

Gamora chuckles, and Quill shoots Jo a dirty look.

“That’s not quite how I remember it,” he protests, continuing to slide through the
transmissions.

Suddenly, Gamora’s saying, “Wait, stop, go back - “

Rocket feels his ears flicker. Her voice is urgent - tense. Quill pauses, then scrolls backward
through the channels on the screens.

“It’s Nebula,” the Zen-Whoberian breathes.

Rocket looks up, and Quill’s tilting his head at the screens quizzically.

“How can you tell?” the Terran man asks. “It’s just a person in a robe - you can’t even see - “

“I can tell,” Gamora’s saying.

“But - “

“Sisters know,” Jolie interrupts, and she’s looking up from her work for the first time in
hours, her eyes locked on the screens where Gamora has pointed. “What’s it say?” she asks,
and there’s something in her voice that’s cautious.

Gamora’s already swiping through. “It sounds like she was apprehended on Sovereign, trying
to steal…anulax batteries?”

Rocket whistles low. “Now that’s a good idea. That’ll keep you in units for a while. Maybe
that’s what we should do next.”
“Rocket,” Quill snaps.

“What? Each one is worth like, thousands of units. For a single battery.” Rocket tilts his head
consideringly. “They’re pretty combustible too. I’d love to screw around with a few and see
what I could do with - “

“She apparently has a significant bounty on her head,” Gamora interrupts. She scoffs, but the
sound is almost despairing. “Of course she does, after what she pulled on Xandar. And
Asgard. It sounds like the Sovereign don’t have any interest in the bounty, but they’re willing
to trade her for a security job. Protecting the batteries during…abilisk migration? What’s an
abilisk?”

“Teeth,” Rocket advises. “Teeth an’ tentacles. I haven’t seen one, but I’ve heard. How big’s
the bounty?”

Jolie shoots him a look he can’t decipher, but it takes him back a little. He pauses.

“What?” he asks again, genuinely perplexed this time.

But Gamora sucks in a breath, and it distracts Jo. She’s already set down her little brushes -
now she’s rising from the coffee table and moving toward the screen.

“The Sovereign apparently don’t hold criminals,” Gamora says quietly, as Jo peers over her
shoulder.

“Everyone knows that,” Drax says placidly from beside Rocket.

Rocket rolls his eyes. This moron. “Everybody does not know that. You didn’t even know
that. You’re just sayin’ that you knew.”

Jo makes a foreign, troubled little sound in the back of her throat, and Rocket’s eyes are back
on her and the Zen-Whoberian, both of whom still have their backs to the room at large.

“They consider it…unseemly,” Gamora says after another moment. Her voice is tense. “If no-
one is interested in taking the job, they will execute her.”

Quill’s looking worried now, his eyes flickering from Gamora and Jo, back to Drax and
Rocket. “Okay,” he says slowly. “So…what do you want to do, Gamora?”

The former assassin is quiet for a moment, then admits, “The bounty is…sizable.”

Rocket feels his ears perk forward.

“So is this a job we’re taking?” he asks, interested now. The possibilities are limitless,
honestly. He wonders if he can pocket a few batteries and blame it on an abilisk. One or two
to keep, and four or five or twelve to sell.

Maybe more.

“I think that’s up to Gamora,” Quill interjects. “It’s her sister, after all.”
Rocket turns his eyes to the Zen-Whoberian, impatient.

“I don’t - I need to think about this,” Gamora says, turning. She sounds…rattled. For maybe
the first time since Rocket’s met her, her voice is frayed. He’s seen her desperate before -
desperate to stop Ronan, to get away from her father - but this feels different. More helpless.

That alone makes him pause for the second time in the course of this conversation.

“Of course,” Quill says, and Jo’s nodding.

“Why don’t you sleep on it?” Jo suggests, but her eyes are tight and worried. Rocket tilts his
head, watching her.

That’s different, he notes, and his brow furrows. Jo’s nervous. He doesn’t like that on her - not
usually, not unless he’s intentionally provoking her. It gets under his skin, raises his hackles.
He doesn’t think he’s seen her look this anxious since Xandar. Maybe not even then.

“I think I will,” Gamora says distractedly. “I’m going to - I need some time. I’ll see you all in
the morning.”

She walks to the ladder, but her movements are stiff - nowhere near as graceful as usual. Like
she knows they’re all watching her. As soon as she’s gone, Rocket’s clicking his tongue on
his teeth, shaking his head and turning back to the particle rifle he’s modifying.

“Her family’s almost as screwed up as Thor’s,” he observes, and flicks his glance back
upward to his copilot.

Jo’s head is lowered, and she’s massaging the spot between her eyebrows. Quill is staring at
the hatch where Gamora’s disappeared - but then he reaches out and squeezes Jolie’s
shoulder, and Rocket’s ears twitch.

“Hey,” Star-Dork says to her, his voice uncharacteristically gentle. “You okay?”

Rocket can’t help it if his ears drop back, flattened against his skull. He tries to straighten
them, but they have a mind of their own.

Jolie just pats the other human’s hand where it rests on her shoulder. She smiles up at him
fondly, but there’s an unfamiliar crease between her eyebrows. “I’m good. Go check on her.”

Quill hesitates, but his eyes keep drifting back to the hatch. “I think - I mean, she said she
needs some time -”

“It can’t hurt to ask. Talking might help her clarify her thoughts. Even just sharing the quiet
with her…might help.” Jolie gives her fellow Terran a little push. “If she says no…just let her
know you’re there if she changes her mind.”

Quill releases her shoulder almost reluctantly, but the hatch has some kind of gravitational
pull on him. He glances one more time back at Jo, like he’s worried, but descends the ladder
anyway.
“Peace at last,” Rocket mutters wryly, but his eyes are locked on Jo. He looks her over again,
consideringly. She’s still standing there, looking…lost. His ears flicker again. He knows he’s
seen that look on her face before and he can’t remember when, but he knows he didn’t like it.
His gut twists.

He fixes a practiced expression of nonchalance on his face. “What was that about, anyway?”

“Gamora found out that her sister has been apprehended by the Sovereign authorities,” Drax
informs him solemnly. “They are willing to trade the Luphomoid in exchange for guarding
their harbulary batteries - “

Rocket blinks, concentration broken, and stares at Drax like the idiot he is. “Okay, first of all,
I got that,” he interrupts. “Second of all, it ain’t harbulary, moron. It’s anulax.”

“That is what I said. Harbulary.”

Rocket closes his eyes and shakes his head. “Unbelievable.”

When he opens his eyes and hazards a glance in Jo’s direction, she’s already facing the
screens again, rereading whatever the Sovereign listing says.

“Jo?”

She hums a distracted sort of acknowledgement, saves the transmission, and closes out the
screen with her back still to the room. Rocket feels his shoulders tense. He racks his brain,
but he can’t think of a time when she hasn’t immediately turned toward the sound of his
voice like a little Xandaran field-daisy searching for the sun.

Which is a stupid thought to have. Of course there must’ve been times when she hadn’t
responded.

Nope, some shitty little part of him argues. Not even when she’d had her leg busted open and
crushed in by that shitbag Ronan. She was still looking for you. Always.

“I am Groot?” asks Groot from the coffee table, and now she does turn.

Her eyes are exhausted. She looks like she’d been cut open and emptied, and then had to
refill herself by hand.

“Yeah,” Jo says. “I - “ She breaks off, then shrugs and smiles wanly - first at Groot, then at
Rocket. “Sorry. I’m fine.”

“You look like you’ve just aged a hundred years,” Rocket informs her skeptically.

She grimaces, then winks, but it’s half-hearted at best. “Charmer.”

“Turn on some of Quill’s tunes,” he suggests, but he’s watching her with narrow eyes. “You
gonna come back and work on this thing?” He gestures to her book with the loose laser
cannon barrel he’s holding.
“Mmhmm,” she murmurs, but she looks conflicted. She ducks away onto the bridge for a
moment, and then the quick, thoughtful strains of Landslide flutter over the sound system.
She weaves her way back between the couches, one hand flickering over Rocket’s shoulder in
a way that quells his rising tension - for a second. She sits back down at her vice and picks up
her brush.

And then…she just kind of sits there, adopting Drax’s middle-distance stare.

It’s about ten minutes of her not moving, and even Drax has noticed. The Kylosian is now
looking at her in concern, too.

“Is she unwell?” Drax utters in a ludicrously-loud whisper, speaking from the side of his
mouth toward Rocket.

“I am Groot?”

“She’s fine,” Rocket says, but his eyes are locked on Jo. All his old tension is back, full-
force. His fur is bristling at the edges, and he clears his throat. “You with us, doll?”

She looks up suddenly. “Hmm? Oh, yeah,” she agrees, and then frowns down at the book she
has clamped in her vice. “Uhm, I do think all this detail-work is giving me a headache
though. I might head to bed early.”

He’s staring straight at her now, his expression flat, because that’s a frickin’ lie. The first lie
he’s ever heard from her, he thinks. He feels like she’s just knocked the air right out of his
lungs. That familiar, defensive meanness in him rises, and he strangles it down.

She’s already packing up her things, and her hands are shaking a little.

“Good night, Drax,” she says, holding the vice and the book and all her little tools cradled
against her chest.

“The night will be average, and I do not expect more,” the Kylosian intones, and Rocket rolls
his eyes even as Jo’s mouth stutters out a half-smile.

“I’m wishing you a good night, then,” she corrects herself, and then bobs down and drops a
kiss on the top of Groot’s head. “You too, Sprout,” she murmurs, and the little Flora Colossus
reaches for her. She plucks him up in her one free hand and lets him nuzzle into her cheek
before returning him to the tabletop. “Rocket.” Her smile is strained at the edges, and that
free hand reaches out to brush over his shoulder again.

He does recoil, this time. He doesn’t even mean to, but instinct takes over, and he lurches out
of reach.

She looks like he slapped her.

He hasn’t felt regret this strong in a while. It isn’t like he’s forgotten what a jackass he can be,
but he’d let himself get lulled into some sort of complacency. He should do something. He
should say something.
But she’s gone, trying to clutch all her stuff in one arm while she descends the ladder, cursing
when she drops something and then calling up “Sorry!” because he knows she’s been trying
to curb her language lately. If he weren’t so distracted by her weird behavior and her fuckin’
lie, it would’ve made his mouth twitch in a grin.

“Don’t say shit like that,” he tells Groot seriously, and the little guy nods solemnly.

“I am Groot.”

“No! No, not like that either!”

++++

“You should not have stayed up here.”

Rocket blinks up from the rifle. He’d been torn when Jo had left - feeling like he should have
gone with her, should’ve apologized for pulling away like that, demanded to know why she
was acting so frickin’ weird. Something. But Groot is still wide awake, and she’d clearly
wanted to be alone - so much so that she’d lied to his frickin’ face. So he and Groot have
stayed on the upper level, and Rocket has been trying to distract himself by tinkering.

Until this big lug decided he had something to say.

“Huh?” Rocket asks eloquently. Drax is frowning at him.

“You should not have stayed up here.”

“What the hell are you talking about?”

“Jolie is distressed. You should go and be with her.”

“Why the hell would I do that?” Rocket asks, stomping down the part of himself that has
been saying the same thing.

Drax is staring down at him disapprovingly, and Rocket can feel his half-raised hackles
sliding higher.

“Because she needs someone to share in and ease her suffering,” the Kylosian says
reasonably, “and you are the best person to comfort her.”

Rocket snorts. “Comfort her? Have you met me?” He shakes his head. “What makes you
think she’d even want it to be me?”

Drax stares down at him pityingly, and suddenly, Rocket feels like the big guy thinks he is the
idiot.

It’s a weird realization. Absolutely frickin’ surreal.

“Spouses are meant to support each other,” the Kylosian explains patiently.
“What?!” It’s an undignified yelp but Rocket doesn’t have time to be embarrassed.
Everything in him balks at the Kylosian’s assumption. “I ain’t - we ain’t -“

“I may not understand the purpose of sarcasm, Rocket, but I am coming to recognize it,”
Drax interjects, sounding annoyed. “I do not appreciate you using it now.”

Rocket’s fur is bristling every which way and his skin feels inflamed and prickly with panic.
“Why the hell would you think this is sarcasm?!”

Drax sighs, long-suffering, and sounds like he’s quoting a textbook. “When someone says
something everyone knows to be untrue -“

“It’s not frickin’ untrue, you giant moron!” Rocket’s voice is something close to a strangled
scream. “I’m not - we ain’t spouses.”

Drax rolls his eyes, the gesture so exaggerated that his whole head moves. “Lovers, then.”

“What? Fu - No. No!”

Drax is just eyeing him dubiously, and Rocket bows his shoulders, drops his head, and
pinches the bridge of his narrow nose, trying to breathe through his exasperation.
Unbelievable.

“You are truly not married?” Drax asks at last, clearly still skeptical.

“No,” Rocket snaps. “We ain’t nothin’ like married. I don’t know why the - “ he cuts himself
because Groot is watching him with big, curious eyes, and he just knows a dropped fuck will
come back to haunt him. “I don’t know why the hell you’d think that.”

“Is she not the little one’s mother?”

“I am Groot!”

“Fu - goddammit. No. Groot, no. Drax, no. Everybody, no!”

“I am Groot,” the Flora Colossus pouts.

Drax’s eyes narrow like he’s not buying any of this. “Does she know you are not lovers?”

“I hate everything,” Rocket says to the ceiling.

“I am Groot!”

“I do not believe you,” Drax decides, overriding the need for Rocket to answer his previous
question. “But even if what you say is true, then you are clearly on the path of courtship, and
you should still go to her.”

“I can’t frickin’ believe this,” Rocket mutters, shaking his head.
There is a moment of silence and when Rocket looks down again, both Drax and little Groot
are watching him, waiting.

Fuck.

“Fine,” he snaps, and points a claw at Groot. “That means you gotta come to bed early too,”
he orders, and he can already see the mutinous jut of Groot’s tiny chin.

“I am Groot!”

“I can keep the little one tonight,” Drax offers reasonably. “Jolie is distraught. She may yell,
or cry. There is no reason for the child to see his mother in such a state before bed.”

“She is not his mother,” Rocket snaps. “And she wouldn’t yell.”

But he suddenly remembers her quiet face in the golden glow of the cockpit that night he’d
found her weeping, and the way she’d soundlessly swallowed her grief, trapping every
aching sob deep in her lungs, the same way he has.

Drax is right. Groot doesn’t need to see that.

“Besides,” Drax says reasonably, “sometimes the best way to offer comfort is through sexual
congress - “

“Shutthefuckuprightnow,” Rocket snarls, forgetting his own self-imposed restriction on
certain curses. He just needs the words to stop coming out of Drax’s mouth as quickly as
frickin’ possible.

Drax looks utterly nonplussed, but closes his mouth. For a minute, Rocket struggles to
organize his thoughts and grapple his indignation. Finally, he speaks.

“Fine. Groot can stay with you tonight.”

“I am Groot,” Groot replies reassuringly.

“Do not beat up Drax,” Rocket says tiredly, and begins collecting his own things - no leaving
weapons and explosives out, especially with a child, Gamora had said, and Jo had concurred.

Groot responds by scampering across the coffee table, launching himself onto Drax’s knee,
and pummeling the Kylosian in the flank. Rocket rolls his eyes, finishes gathering his things,
and cautiously retreats to their shared bunk.

The chamber is already dark.

On silent feet, he enters, sliding his belongings onto the workbench with a whisper. He’ll put
it away later. When he climbs onto the shelf-bed, Jo’s turned to face the wall. He hesitates,
then remembers how he’d recoiled from her touch earlier. The memory has him flinching in
the dark. Hesitantly, he reaches out a hand to comb his claws through her hair. It’s a little dull
right now and when he touches it, it’s still damp, like she’d towel-dried it after a shower.
Regret hits him hard and fast and sharp. He should’ve been down here sooner. Because
they’re copilots, and because she’s the best friend he’s got now, and because she’s patiently
stayed with him through all of his own stupid shit. And now she’s asleep, and he hasn’t had
time to -

To what? he thinks cynically. To sit with her in the dark while she cries? She’d been so good
at consoling him when Groot died, at just sharing space with him in a way that made room
for his grief and pain but didn’t abandon him to it. She’d helped him plant Groot and she’d
asked him for stories. She’d been so careful in easing his panicky breaths the night after
Knowhere and every nightmare since, and she’d been so willing to sleep on the floor that first
night he’d asked her to stay in Conjunction.

He can build a bomb from scratch in ten seconds or less, but he doesn’t know how to do any
of that.

After a reluctant moment, he just opts to delicately skate his clawed fingers through her hair
again, carefully untangling a damp, stray knot knitted into the end of one lock, and then curls
up under the covers, a wreath of fur and heat against her warm back.

“Sorry, princess,” he whispers into the dark shadows beneath the blankets.

He startles a little when she rolls toward him, carefully - not asleep after all, apparently. Her
hand finds his shoulder and back cautiously, like she’s giving him time to pull away again.
When he doesn’t move, she ruffles the fur gently.

“I’m sorry,” she whispers back, and he can feel her take a breath to say something more
before she hesitates, then sighs. “I just get some kind of way when we talk about… about
leaving people behind.” Even from under the covers, he can hear her swallow heavily. Her
hand rests on him, a light and comforting weight, and he uncurls so he can stick his head out
from under the blankets and peer at her in the dark. Eye-to-eye, she opens her mouth again,
closes it, then closes her eyes. She’s shaking her head. She tries again. Fails again.

He wants her to just tell him whatever’s going on, whatever he can do to make things better
for her right now. But there’s something about the expression on her face - the furrowed
brow, the aborted attempts to speak. It’s all too familiar.

He knows what it’s like for a person to have a story they can’t bring themselves to tell.

He hesitates and then, instead of saying anything at all, he reaches one hand out again. A
streamer of hair has fallen across her face; he plucks it up and tucks it back.

She lets out a kind of shuddering sigh and something in her relaxes. When he lets his fingers
skate over another strand, she leans in, and with his low-light vision, he sees her mouth
tremble.

That moron Drax was right.

Not that they were lovers - that’s too idiotic for words, no matter how tempting the fantasy
might be - but that Rocket should’ve been here from the beginning.
Rocket knows he’s a creature of impulse. He always has been, since long before he’d
engineered a spontaneous escape attempt from CounterEarth that had resulted only in tragedy
and pain. So maybe it shouldn’t surprise him so much that he’s reaching out, without any
conscious intention. One clawed hand cups the back of Jo’s head, lacing through the damp
hair, and tugs her forward to tuck her face under his chin. Her cheek is nestled just a hair’s
breadth from his throat, and she shudders again, melting under his hand and into the thin
mattress. Melting because of him.

“Thank you,” she whispers against him, and for some reason, the words hurt.

He swallows, and rests his chin on top of her hair, and waits until she falls asleep.

++++

He wakes up probably only a moment after Jo does. It’s as if, even at rest, he can feel the
anxiety hit her as soon as she regains consciousness. Her wakefulness pulls him awake too,
and he finds himself petting the back of her head before he’s even fully alert, because
apparently neither of them have moved all night.

He doesn’t know when he became so attuned to her.

“You good?” he rasps, his voice hoarse from disuse and sleep. He’s still stroking the crown of
her head, and her hair has dried into silk at some point in the night. The strands slip over his
fingers.

“Can we stay here just a second longer?” she whispers, and something in him cracks open
because she sounds like she’s dreading whatever’s outside the bunk door, and he’s never
heard her sound like that before.

As long as you want, he thinks, but doesn’t say. He just keeps petting.

She’s true to her word though - it’s only a moment more before she stirs, letting him
disentangle his claws from her hair. She looks at him with shadows under her eyes and if he
didn’t know better, he’d think she hadn’t slept at all. She shifts toward him, a fleetingly quick
movement, and for a moment he thinks she’s going to drop an impulsive kiss on the top of his
head, the way she does to Groot and Quill.

At the last second, she shies away, and he’s stunned by his own unexpected disappointment.

By the time they make their way up through the hatch, the others are already gathered in the
common room. No-one’s made breakfast - looks like we’re all punishing ourselves with plain
black coffee this morning, Rocket notices grimly.

Jo’s already moving toward Drax, letting Groot jump from the Kylosian’s shoulder to hers.
The little Flora Colossus catches himself with a streamer of her hair, but she doesn’t even
wince, murmuring some sweet good morning words while the little guy nuzzles into her
cheek.
“I think we just can’t worry about it,” Gamora’s saying from the sofa, but her voice is heavy
with dread. “There are plenty of other, more worthwhile jobs we could be doing. My sister
doesn’t need saving, and she wouldn’t want it, to be honest.” Gamora looks away. “Not from
me.”

Quill looks exhausted, and Drax is staring stoically into the middle-distance, arms crossed.

“Lookin’ cheerful,” Rocket observes. “We makin’ the big decisions this morning, then?”

Jo smiles, but it’s already pale and worried. Her bottom lip is swollen, like she’s been
chewing it all night. Maybe she had been - he hadn’t been in a position to see her face for
most of it, after all. He suddenly bets, if he could see her hands, that the base of her nails
would be bloodied and torn like they’d been when he’d gotten out of the Kyln.

Worse still, her eyes are flicking between him and Gamora nervously, and she seems…
spooked. She opens her mouth like she’s gonna say something - then closes it. It’s last night
all over again.

“Gamora,” Quill says instead. “We’re here for you. Everybody’s family is…is hard. Messed
up. We can do whatever you want. If there’s any part of you that wants to try and get her…
you know, we can turn her in for the bounty, if you want. Drop her off with the Nova Corps
and let her do her time in the Kyln. Or…”

“Or what?” Gamora asks, her voice suddenly sharp. “Really, what? Keep her on the Gemma
Lynn and rehabilitate her?”

“I don’t - I don’t know,” Quill scrambles. “Something. If we pick her up - if we have her -
you’ll have time to think about it. We can come up with something.”

Gamora is shaking her head. “It’s over. I’ve tried. So many times. She doesn’t want - she
doesn’t want anything to do with me. The fact that I’m trying to do something good here -
with all of you - is only going to drive her further away. It’s only going to make her want to
be…worse. Or whatever.” She sucks in a breath. “The Sovereign won’t execute her. The
bounty is too good. Someone else will pick her up.”

Rocket bites his tongue against the urge to point out that if the bounty’s that good, they might
as well do the job anyway. He suspects that his perspective will not be appreciated right now.
Instead, he weaves between them and takes a seat at the bar while Jo pours them both cups of
coffee. The coffee smells acrid - someone must’ve let it set and burn.

And he’d been right. The first two fingers on both of her hands are shredded.

“And then what?” Jo says, the first words out of her mouth. She’s staring at the rim of
Rocket’s coffee cup as she slides it to him, like it’s an anchor. “What happens then?”

Gamora spreads her open palms and fingers. Who knows? she’s saying, or maybe: it will be
out of my hands.
“Do you want to try? To get her back? To really get her back?” Jo asks. Her voice is achingly
soft. “It’s okay to say no, but you need to answer the question, one way or the other.”

Everyone else goes quiet.

“Take out the whole idea of the bounty,” Jo says, like that’s the most reasonable thing to do -
and in Jo’s weird mind, it probably does seem reasonable - “or what you think you should do,
what you think is a better use of time.” She pauses. Swallows. “Is there anything in you that
wants her to be your sister again, if you have the chance?”

The former assassin starts to say something, but her voice cracks, and she smothers it.
Gamora looks completely at a loss and for a moment, Rocket recognizes an echo of it in
himself. For a second, that spot behind his sternum cracks open again, a little bit of
heartbreak shared with the Zen-Whoberian.

He rubs his knuckles against the center of his chest, hard, and forces it closed.

Then Jo’s gently depositing Groot on the counter next to him. She glides out of the
kitchenette, around the bar, and drops to a crouch in front of Gamora. Rocket’s brain
suddenly pulls up the booze-blurred memory of her kneeling on the hexagonal pavers of
Conjunction, her shins and kneecaps pressed into the booze and the glass, and he’s abruptly
filled with so much regret that he can taste it.

I came looking for you. I was worried. Do you want to come home?

A better person would’ve gone down to the bunk the moment that she did last night. A better
friend would’ve not needed to be talked into acting like he cared by frickin’ Drax of all
people.

Jo’s reaching out. She takes both of Gamora’s slender, deadly hands in hers.

“Listen to me,” Jo says, and even though that gentleness isn’t directed at him right now, it
still cracks open that spot in his chest even further. Gamora looks up from her lap and their
joined hands, and sees something in Jo’s eyes that holds her.

“If there’s any part of you that will wonder what could have been, then you cannot walk
away from your sister right now.”

Quill makes a noise in this throat unexpectedly, and probably unintentionally: a soft,
sympathetic little sound. Rocket doesn’t spare him a glance, though. Something is happening
here. Something is rising close to the surface. His eyes are locked on Jo, and his fists clench
so tightly that he can feel his own claws prick and draw blood from his palms.

“I know your relationship with Nebula is … complicated.” The Terran girl takes a deep,
shaky breath. She holds the Zen-Whoberian’s gaze. “But I also know what it’s like to leave a
sister behind, and then to lose her.”

Something drops in Rocket’s chest. The gaping maw behind his sternum becomes a black
hole, a vacuum.
  Jolie chews her lip, then looks away, and shakes her head - hard.

  “I promise you. You will spend every breath for the rest of your life wondering if you could
  have done something, anything, to make things turn out differently.”

  Gamora twists her hands in Jo’s gentle grasp, wringing them. Her whisper is wrenching. “My
  sister and I are already beyond that possibility.”

  But Jo’s already shaking her head again. She squeezes the assassin’s fingers.

  “As long as she’s still alive, anything’s possible.” Her words wobble. “Don’t wait. Not one
  fucking second, Gamora.”



Chapter End Notes



    The next few chapters are very angsty and they are a LOT (imo anyway) so please take
    care of yourselves.
    If you need to take a break or whatever, please do. Or if you want a quick summary from
    me so you don't have to read them, message me.
    join me in hell ♡

    Coming Soon: Chapter XIV. Exactly Like a Flower.
    in which comfort is shared.
                               Chapter 14: Exactly Like a Flower.
Chapter Summary



      in which comfort is shared.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Quill sends a transmission to Sovereign, and figures they have a cycle and a half to get there
   in time for the abilisk migration. They’ll need to fly steadily, but at an easy pace. Groot has
   crossed the counter to throw himself on Drax and climb over the big Kylosiasn. “I am
   Groot,” he says, pointing to Gamora, and Drax sets the small Flora Colossus on the couch
   beside the miserable Zen-Whoberian. The little guy tugs on Gamora’s sleeve until she picks
   him up and lets him cuddle into her shoulder.

   Jo immediately tucks herself away in the cockpit.

   “My turn to fly,” she says over her shoulder lightly as she goes, like she hasn’t just set off a
   gravity bomb in Rocket’s chest. He can’t shake the memory of her kneeling in the glass and
   the booze, gently pushing aside his laser cannon and looking up at him with those big,
   luminous eyes.

   I came looking for you. I was worried.

   Do you want to come home?

   Let’s go together.

   And then carrying him all the way to the Gemma Lynn on her frickin’ back with his teeth
   against her throat, soft and vulnerable as anything.

   He turns on a clawed foot to follow her.

   “Hey. Rocket. A minute?”

   For a second, Rocket considers ignoring Quill entirely. It’s bad frickin’ timing. Rocket has a
   copilot to chase down, apparently. Even if he has no fuckin’ clue what to do with her once he
   has her.

   But for whatever reason - maybe his own cowardice still coming up to bite his heels, because
   if she’s crying in the cockpit again he might actually gut himself - Rocket turns, rolling his
   eyes.
“Yeah, Star-Boy?”

Quill rolls his eyes right back. “All right, Ranger Rick. Can I talk to you?”

Rocket’s ears flatten. “Right now?” He imagines Jo’s already folded herself into the pilot’s
chair and set coordinates. Sure enough, he hears the faint hum of the flight engines coming to
life, buzzing softly through the floor beneath his feet.

Quill just gestures him closer, ducking into the airlock bay, a little removed from the common
area where the other three are currently quietly sitting. Rocket follows, rounding the bend
into the small space with caution. He’s not sure what this is about, but Quill’s never asked to
talk to him one-on-one, so he hazards a guess that it can’t be good.

When he looks up, Quill’s waiting, hands on hips and an inscrutable expression in his face.

“Yeah, I guess I was right. You look like a raccoon who’s definitely just heard something he
didn’t wanna hear.”

Rocket can feel his fur bristle, skin prickling with something like static. “Don’t call me that,”
he growls.

Quill tsks. “You were with her last night?”

Rocket stares back, giving this jackass his most dead-eyed expression. “We do sleep
together.”

Okay, maybe not the most innocent choice of words, but it’s good to see Quill flinch a little.
Doesn’t stop the nosy Terran from prying, though.

“So. How did that go?”

He rolls his eyes. “Classy, Star-Dork. I don’t know about Terrans, but I personally think it’s
bad frickin’ manners to talk about the women I bring to bed.”

Quill clucks his tongue in irritation. “You’re such an asshole,” the humie mutters under his
breath, and Rocket’s ears twitch back irritably. “You know I don’t mean that.”

“I know you seem really concerned with where I’m putting my dick.”

“Dammit, you little - this isn’t about - that. I’m just trying to ask if you wanna talk about…
what Jolie said in there.”

Something quizzical and nervous flickers up inside Rocket’s aching chest cavity. He stomps
the unfamiliar sensation as soon as he feels it. “What’s there to talk about?”

“Oh, I dunno,” Quill says sarcastically. “The fact that the girl you love just told a roomful of
people about the most miserable moments of her life. The cliffnotes version, but still.”

The girl you love? Rocket’s fur nearly stands on end and his ears fully flatten again, as if he
were already under attack. Drax must be running his idiot mouth.
Rocket plans to sneer, to make a mockery of Quill’s statement. A hundred cutting words rise
in his mouth, most of them at Jo’s expense - and therefore, most of them things he’ll regret
later, probably enough to make himself sick with self-loathing. But he’s as surprised as
anyone when those aren’t the words that come out of his mouth.

“I don’t have any questions, an’ if I did, I’d ask her,” he snaps instead. “Can I go now?”

Quill’s eyes narrow on him. “Not yet.”

Rocket rolls his eyes. “Remind me why I kept you and the other idiots around after Xandar?”

Quill breathes a long-suffering sigh. “Because some part of that little raccoon brain of yours
knows we’re good for you.”

The words ring true, and Rocket hates it. He grits his teeth instead. “I told you to stop calling
me that.” He glowers up at the Terran. “You’re not exactly makin’ a strong case for yourself
here, Quill.”

“Rocket,” Quill says, his voice uncharacteristically quiet. “Hasn’t hanging out with Jo taught
you anything? You don’t gotta do everything alone.”

Everything in Rocket seizes up. “Fuck you, Quill.”

“I mean it, Rocket. I was with Jolie when she found out, okay? About her sister. And now,
with Gamora …” Quill shakes his head. “I’m just saying - I know what it’s like when there’s
someone you really, really care about - someone who you’d never want to have to go through
anything bad - and you find out that the worst has already happened to them. It makes you
feel powerless. And mad. And all sorts of other things.” Quill pauses meaningfully. “I know,
okay? And I’m with you.”

Rocket had thought he was prepared for anything, but the words still make him flinch.
There’s a softening in Quill’s voice, similar to Jo’s. Rocket wonders if this is a Terran thing:
to go all quiet and tender at a moment’s notice. It had been unnerving when Jolie had done it
at the beginning of their friendship, but it’s even worse coming from Quill, who’s normally
such an ass.

Terrans aren’t good at much, but it seems like they’re exceptionally talented at making
Rocket like them. Even against his better judgment.

He hesitates.

Quill, in his typically-annoying fashion, notices.

“We can’t go back and fix things for each other. No matter how much we might want to. All
we can do is try to make today better.”

Rocket sighs, then snorts, but the sound isn’t as derisive as he’d been hoping for. He just
sounds tired. “You always give the most useless pep talks, Quill. I know better’n any of you
morons that I don’t get to go back.”
“Have a drink with me later,” Quill urges. “Once you’re done… you know, taking care our
Earthgirl. It can be good just to sit with someone who gets it, Rocket.”

Our. The word sounds good in Rocket’s ears, and he hates it.

He clears his throat. “Everybody’s got dead people,” he says instead, breaking the silence
with a callousness that borders on brutal. It’s the same thing he’d yelled at Drax after Asgard,
but it feels crueler - to shatter this rare moment of camaraderie with it, to dismiss what Jo had
shared.

“Yeah, okay, sure,” Quill replies flatly. His expression, looking down at Rocket, is
surprisingly shrewd. “Wanna know what I think?”

“Abso-frickin-lutely not.”

“I think you tell yourself that whenever someone’s got a story that makes you feel something,
or that reminds you that you still have a heart. I think you say it to try to remind yourself not
to care.”

Rocket feels his lips peel away from his teeth. “Shut the fuck up, Quill.”

The idiot in question raises his hands, palm out. “Look, I’m just saying - “

“I mean it,” Rocket interrupts, and he’s glad that he can shape his voice into such a threat,
such a warning.

The blond hesitates.

“You’re remindin’ me of all the reasons we’d be better off without each other.”

“Dude,” Quill says incredulously. “D’you really think that? After what the six of us were able
to do together?”

Rocket’s lip curls back in a silent snarl, but he can’t think of anything to say that isn’t the
spilling out of a story he himself isn’t ready to tell.

“...No,” Quill answers himself slowly, blue eyes widening in disbelief. “No, you think we’d
be better off without you.”

Rocket’s stomach twists and his heart thuds against his metal ribs. When did this frickin’
jackass get so insightful?

“You really think that,” Quill repeats, and leans forward to peer at Rocket. “That’s not - you
know we couldn’t do any of this without you, right? You’re our…our weapons specialist and
our mechanic and our tactician. Half of our captain. And you’re…you. We like you - even
when you’re being a pain in the ass. We care about you.”

Rocket wants to vomit. Not in a sarcastic, this-is-too-sappy-for-words way, either: he is
legitimately concerned that he’s gonna hurl on the airlock floor. Nausea and anxiety suddenly
swirl high in his belly. “I’m gonna puke on your boots.”
Quill, of course, interprets this as hyperbole and ignores him. “And Jolie…Jolie would not be
okay without you.”

Rocket tries to quell the rebellion in his stomach and snorts derisively instead. There’s a long
silence - the longest so far - between them. And then Quill breaks it, his voice quiet.

“She’s happy with you,” the Terran says softly. “She trusts you to look out for her. I mean,
she knows you always have her back in a fight, but…she told me once you found her crying
one night, and you just sat with her. She said she was pretty sure you ‘hated her guts’ - a
direct quote - but you sat with her anyway.”

Quill pauses - hesitates. Then plunges onward.

“She loves you a lot, you know. The things she says about you - I don’t know if I’ve ever
heard someone talk about another person like that. I don’t know what I’d give to hear
someone talk about me that way.”

“No-one said she was smart,” Rocket sneers, and immediately regrets it. But Quill eyes him
measuringly, as if Rocket has just confirmed whatever the Terran thinks he’s figured out.

“What - you really believe that, buddy?”

Rocket grimaces. Of course not. Or at any rate, it had been an oversimplification. Jo is
frickin’ brilliant when it comes to certain things, and a moron when it comes to others, just
like Rocket himself. She at least seems to know how to be a person better than he does.

He looks over his shoulder again, out the airlock bay, in the direction of the bridge and the
cockpit. He really needs to -

“Things don’t mean the same to Jo that they do to other people,” Quill’s saying. For fuck’s
sake, the Terran does not shut up. “I’m gonna tell you a secret.”

“Oh perfect,” Rocket mutters drily. “Then can I leave?”

Quill ignores him, of course. “When her sister was born, Jolie was still like - a little kid. I
think their parents were…hard people, and she’d always wished she’d had someone to look
out for her. And so, the baby came along, and Jolie said, I’m going to be everything I wanted
in an older sister.

“And then, you know - everything happened. I won’t share the details - that’s her story to tell.
I just - I don’t think she realizes it, but I don’t think she ever stopped… trying to do that thing
she’d done for her kid sister. I don’t think she ever stopped saying, I’m going to be the person
I needed. I’m gonna find every lost, lonely sonuvabitch out there in the cold universe, and I’m
gonna take care of ‘em.”

Rocket swallows, and glances over his shoulder again.

“Which makes the two of us into lucky bastards,” Quill continues, “but, uh, you know. She’s
not always good at being the things she needs for herself. No,” Quill corrects himself, “I take
that back. She’s consistently shit at it. So, when I say she trusts you to look out for her - it’s a
big deal. And it’s not something she lets just anyone do. Not unless they’ve earned it.”

It makes Rocket’s throat tighten, and he has to swallow around the lump there. I ain’t earned
anything, he thinks bitterly. But Quill’s looking at him curiously, like even he doesn’t believe
that anymore. Like he thinks maybe Rocket deserves to be at her side, after all.

At their side. Part of the family.

And that’s new. That’s the first time he’s felt a kind of almost-belonging in ages. It would be,
hypothetically, the first time he’s allowed himself to have a family since he’d gotten the last
one killed.

It’s dangerous.

They’d all be better off, he thinks, if they’d just leave him behind somewhere.

++++

Once he manages to extricate himself from Quill’s annoying grasp, he heads directly to the
cockpit. Jo’s framed up against the beads of light, a silhouette with a bare throat and shoulder,
and a pile of ridiculous shiny hair on top of her head. Between the stars and the control panel,
her skin is slicked with silver. Now he remembers where he’s seen her wearing that
expression earlier. In the cockpit - that night he’d found her limned in gold, painting with
light, her cheeks and collarbone drenched in tears.

Right before he’d called her a sniveling, spoiled, entitled brat.

The memory punches him in the gut and he’s back to considering whether or not he’s gonna
vomit on the floor of his own damn ship.

Jo’s not crying now, though. Not yet, anyway.

His jaw works. What to say?

I came looking for you.

I was worried.

Do you want to come home?

He strides to the copilot’s chair, hesitates, and then leans against it, crossing one foot over the
other and folding his hands into his pockets. He eyes her for a long moment. She tucks her
fingertips against her lip like she wants to chew them off, but she says nothing.

“We gonna talk about this, sweetheart?”

She chuckles, eyes on the windshield before her. “Not with you looking at me like that.”
For a moment, he bristles. Breathes. Smooths it out. Remembers the hundred times she’d
opened her mouth last night and said nothing.

He slides into his seat, and trains his eyes on the stars too. “Now?”

She sighs - not heavily or dramatically. Not even reluctantly. It’s just a tired sort of
exhalation, like she’s so exhausted her lungs can’t hold onto air anymore.

“I’m sorry,” she says to the windshield.

Why does every word she says hurt so much lately?

“I should’ve told you,” she says placidly. “I promised you I would tell you, and even Pete
told me to tell you, and I kept putting it off. Because…it’s a long, dumb story.” A puff of a
cynical, self-deprecating laugh. “And because I didn’t want to tell it.”

He swallows. She doesn’t move, and he gropes for some question to ask, something
innocuous. “When’d you promise me that?”

“You asked why Pete knew I’d go with you, after Knowhere,” she says, her voice even and
controlled. “Why I’d followed you when you left the cockpit.” She clears her throat. “Pete
knows enough about me to know, in that moment, I couldn’t…I would not have let you out of
my sight, not if I could help it. Not right then, not right after the explosion, after I’d
thought...” She shifts apologetically, like she knows he didn’t ask for this and like she expects
him to be annoyed.

That hurts too.

Then she tries to drag some cheerfulness into her wrung-out voice. “He’s such a bastard.”

“Well, yeah,” he deadpans, and she starts to laugh, but it cuts off with a ragged sound and
she’s back to just staring out at the flight path to Sovereign.

“So,” he utters at last, “d’you wanna tell me now?”

The silence drags on for such a long time. She takes a breath like she’s going to start, and
then stops. Twice she opens her mouth, and nothing comes out. She exhales in frustration.
Her eyes flicker over to him for the first time, anxiously, like she’s looking for an escape, and
then she’s looking away again. “Are you sure you want to waste your time listening to this?”

“Yeah,” he says quietly.

Her teeth are embedded in her lip. He’s surprised it hasn’t started bleeding. She stares at the
stars and he wonders if she’s seeing them at all.

Something in her unravels abruptly, then pulls back. It’s like watching the collapse of a sun:
bright everywhere, and then crushed down into dense matter. He can feel the air change.
She’s usually an open book, and so when she draws up her defenses, it feels different.
“Short version,” she says, and her voice is determined and hard-edged and utterly unlike her.
“I had a sister. She died. I have a lot of feelings about it and I’m not trying to make them your
problem.” She shrugs like a corpse.

This idiot makes me breathe with her every other frickin’ night, Rocket says to himself, and
shakes his head in incredulous annoyance.

“I want the long version,” he tells her flatly. “Normally I can’t get you to shut up. Don’t
cheap out on me now, doll.”

Another startled, half-broken laugh. “I don’t - I can’t - “

He’s not good at gentle. He’s not good at making his voice all soft and comforting and
blanket-like, the way she does. Jo has a voice a person could build a nest in when he’s
hurting, a voice he could make a home in if he needed to, and Rocket doesn’t know how to
give that back to her. So he clears his throat again instead, and tries to just speak quiet and
slow. He gropes for the words as he goes, because he’s never, ever said them before. They
hurt in his mouth, stick in his teeth. He swipes at his lips, trying to cover anything that might
be scared and trembling.

“Ya know. I, uh. I had a sister once.”

It comes out raw and bloody. He should’ve known it would’ve.

For a second, everything roars in his ears: the vacuum of space, the rasp of his lungs, his
pulse in his veins. He swears, for a minute, that he can hear the infrasonic hum of the stars.
But he sees her hands soften on the yoke, and he hangs onto that: the light touch, and the
knuckles like pearls under her skin: slicked with the wet silver-gold of cockpit lights.

“Oh,” she whispers, and she’s already got that tender, aching tone in her voice. “Oh.”

He clenches his fists. The nails pierce the leathery dark skin there, and he holds onto that
feeling, too. “What - uh. What was your sister’s name?”

“Rocket,” she murmurs, in a tone that clearly says, you don’t have to do this. He can see her
gaze skate sideways to his hands. He forces his fingers to relax - presses his bleeding palms
to the thighs of his jumpsuit. He tries to scrape a snicker out of his throat.

“Princess. I know it wasn’t Rocket.”

That bruised little smile flickers at the corner of her mouth again. She lets out a slow,
shuddering breath: one, two, three, four. He’s reminded that she probably learned her little
counting and tapping trick for herself, long before she’d whispered it to him in the warmth of
their shared cocoon.

“Oh, love,” she says gently. Achingly. She smiles a little. “You already know it.”

He feels his ears flatten against his skull.

Stupid.
Of course.

“Gemma Lynn,” he says.

“I mostly just called her Gemma,” she admits. She shrugs and casts him a tentative, sideways
little smile. An invitation. “What was your sister’s name?” The words are so soft he knows he
could pretend not to hear them, and she’d forgive him for it, even though she'd know it was a
lie.

He opens his mouth, and chokes. Tries again.

“Her name was Floor.”

The words hover and float: little iridescent bubbles. Fragile. Full of reflected light.

The ghost of a sad smile haunts Jolie’s lips. “Pretty,” she says.

He blinks: baffled right out of his grief for a second. “What?”

She tilts her head, brows slanting slightly with confusion. “Flor? Like, flower? It’s pretty.”

He stares at her for a second, wondering if his translation chip is on the fritz.

And then - he feels it. Foreign and shocking and irrepressible, forcing its way upward from
under his chest. He laughs. Actually laughs, loud and long and hard. And yeah, sure, maybe
every feeling is getting caught on the next one till they’re just a tangled spiral of grief and
rage and shame and guilt, but at least one of those emotions is something like relief, like
release, like one good memory just got plucked up from the wasteland of his life and revived,
however briefly.

Exactly like a frickin’ flower.

Jo’s looking at him, all perplexed and worried and biting her lip. He wipes the tears from his
eyes and he’s not sure if they’re tears of loss or tears of laughter or tears of something else
entirely, but it feels like something in him has cracked open - and not in an entirely bad way.

“No,” he says at last, still chuckling. “Floor like floor.” He points.

Her eyes widen. “Oh,” she says, and then she’s smiling at him uncertainly, shrugging. “Well,
it’s… still pretty?”

“She’d like that,” he tells Jo without thinking, and he’s still grinning in spite of himself - still
crying, too. “She’d like that you thought that - all a’ that.”

It doesn’t feel weird when he says it - it just feels honest, and clean. But the reality sweeps in
just as quick and just as hard the moment the words are hovering in the air. Floor would like
you, if she was here. But she ain’t. And that’s my fault.

He looks at Jo in the dim light of the cockpit. Tilts his head and studies her. Yeah. Floor
would like Jo. Floor would love her, the way Floor loved everything. And then some.
“I never said,” he concedes to the shadows, to the light fluttering over her features. “Not even
- not even to Groot. I didn’t think - “ What? That he could speak a memory into existence
without bleeding from the mouth? That their names wouldn’t become broken teeth, spat on
the floor and lost to him forever? That he’d ever be able to say anything about any of them,
and laugh?

She waits, but he doesn’t know what comes next. The silence lays thick and heavy, but it
feels like it’s supposed to. They both let it.

Eventually, Jo makes her thoughtful little hum. “I think - for me, anyway. I, like, press all
these scraps of what happened - down into a singularity. Because even though it’s… too
much matter, it’s the only way to keep it all small enough to take with me wherever I go. And
if I… “ she lifts one hand off the yoke to make an opening gesture with her fingers, like she’s
releasing a bird or letting go of a butterfly. “…if I say one thing, all the rest of it is no
longer… under my control?” She tilts her head, gnawing that stupid lip of hers. “And yeah,
part of me is worried I’ll, like, lose it - “ she points an index finger to her temple and rolls her
eyes “ - but a bigger part of me is afraid I’ll, like, lose it.” She presses her fingers into her
sternum like she’s trying to dig her own heart out, and he can see her little oval nails sink into
the skin there, hard enough that he knows they’ll leave red crescent moons behind when she
drops them.

Rocket’s mouth is so dry he thinks his tongue might crack, and his eyes are so wet they might
overflow again. “Yeah,” he utters, and tries to make it sound casual. “How d’you know
they’re still there if it don’t hurt?”

Jo hums again, and the shadows fall long and quiet between them, nested in wreaths of
control panel lights. They sit: quiet. Tired. Not-alone, together.

“Yeah, but,” she whispers at last, into the wreath of cockpit lights. Her voice is soft and
regretful.

“But?”

Her lips twist apologetically. “I don’t want you to have to be hurting.”

He wants to scoff. Fuck, she’s so soft he could wrap himself up in her and call it home.
Instead, all that comes out is a kind of annoyed, groaning sigh. The feeling’s mutual,
sweetheart.

“Well,” he says slowly, “I’m still a nosy frickin’ jackass and I still wanna know what
happened.” He hazards a glance over at her, and she looks pale - but not horrified. He claws
the words out of his voicebox before he can rethink them. “Maybe we trade.”

Her eyes flick to him, then back to the stars. “It’s a lot to tell at once,” she cautions, like she
has experience. “It’s a lot to hear at once.”

He shrugs, and tries to act like it’s not a big deal. It is a big deal - a thing he’d never thought
he’d offer anyone - but he remembers Jo on the streets of Conjunction, and Jo sharing his
breath, and he thinks he can do it. Probably. Maybe.
“A memory for a memory,” he says. “From, you know. Before.”

She’s silent for a long time - so long he starts to get nervous.

“You’re sure?” she asks at last, voice like a little dove.

He snorts. “No.”

Then she’s laughing - soft and maybe a bit ragged, but it’s there and it’s real, and he can feel
something warm and flickering answer from his chest.

“I’ll try if you try,” she tells him, and the words are light and feathery. “Just a little bit at a
time.”

“Yeah. Yeah, okay.” Time to get away. For both of their sakes. “You need some frickin’
breakfast,” he tells her, and moves to slide from his seat.

“Wait,” she says urgently, and he freezes for a moment, still poised on the edge of the
copilot’s chair. “I… I owe you.”

He feels his brow furrow in confusion. “What?”

“You’ve… “ She chews her lips. “You’ve said things before. I know you think I’m an idiot
but I notice. I pay attention.”

He doesn’t think she’s an idiot. Not about most stuff. Not anymore. But she doesn’t need to
know that.

She lets out a shaky breath. “I know that, whatever happened, it’s more than just the loss of
them that…that hurts you.” Her mouth twists to one side, all concern. “There’s nothing you
can’t tell me, if you want to, Rocket. There’s nothing that’s going to change my mind about…
who you are.”

Some part of him disconnects for a minute and everything seems foamy and surreal.

My body ain’t my own, and it never has been. They marked me down to my guts. I’ll never be
really away from ‘em because they took some of my bones out of me and they might still have
‘em - these pieces of me - and sometimes that skeleton comes tapping on the bunk door at
night.

He thinks about telling her this - but she already knows, doesn’t she? Or something close to
it. She’s seen. He’s pretty sure she’d heard it shouted at her from the streets in Conjunction.

My whole family is dead because of me, he thinks instead, ‘cause I couldn’t keep a lid on my
impulses, on my teeth and my claws. Because I had to hurt Him. Because I was selfish.
Because I ain’t good at looking out for anything that isn’t my own skin.

But she kinda knows that too, doesn’t she? He’d said as much after the Kyln. And again, after
Xandar.
“Rocket,” she says, and he comes back into his mangled body to look at her, to hear her. It
sounds like she’s carving out a piece of herself to share with him, bloody and raw. Her voice
has to be cut from her ribs before it makes it into the air.

“The worst part of my sister’s death is all the things she’ll never get to do, all the happiness
she’ll never get to feel.” She breathes: one, two, three, four. “The second-worst part is that
I’m responsible for it.”

I don’t believe that.

The words punch up from his gut so quickly that he doesn’t know how he keeps ‘em behind
his teeth, but he does.

And it probably doesn’t matter what he believes, anyway - not right now.

Rocket’s particular brand of genius may not be at its strongest when it comes to matters of
emotionalistic intelligence, but he knows what this is. I owe you. A memory for a memory,
backdated. The very worst parts, already out in the open. Whatever you think of yourself, I
won’t judge you. ‘Cause I’m there too.

He finishes his slide out of the copilot’s chair, and when he passes between the seats, he
pauses. Hesitates. Reaches out and lays a hand on the skin of her shoulder where it slopes
above the sweatshirt-collar, never mind how his clawed fingers look against all that softness.
Her skin is cool from the air in the cockpit, and it warms under his touch.

He slides his hand away as he heads to the kitchen.

++++

Rocket brings her a mug of tea, and it’s perfect.

Jolie has had time to pick up stupid hobbies in the last four years, since she’d been left
suddenly purposeless in the wake of learning of her sister’s death. There had been one time -
god, before the Kyln? - she had been chattering endlessly to fill a begrudging copilot’s
silence: the water needs to be a certain temperature to avoid scalding the curlflower petals,
timing is essential to prevent bitterness or acidity, her personally-preferred proportions of
milk and honey, blah blah blah. Truthfully, she’d just been talking to talk - and despite their
tentative truce at the time, Rocket had looked like he was seriously contemplating strangling
her to get her to shut the fuck up.

But he must’ve remembered.

Unless he’s secretly a tea master, despite - she’s almost certain - never making a single damn
cup before in their entire time together. Christ, it might be better than she makes it herself,
and how is that fair?

She’s surprised herself over the last rotation. She hasn’t felt the urge to cry at all - she’s only
felt hollow, gutted, empty. Scared, sometimes - of what, exactly, she isn’t sure. Of putting it
all into words again, probably.
And especially of putting it into words for Rocket.

But something about this perfect, careful cup of tea and the ghost of his hand on her shoulder
- she’s gone from brittle and tight to soft and pliant in a span of minutes. This kindness - the
unconditional quality of it, the pervasiveness of it - might end up being what brings her to
tears after all.

He’s so damn good, and she loves him so damn much.

She keeps her eyes straight ahead or bowed into her mug, hoping he doesn’t notice if they’re
extra-shiny right now.

He leaves again - comes back with a single plate of moonfish and taro, and a bowl of
rehydrated fruit for them to share. Like the old days, she thinks, and everything in her feels
like a very soft sigh.

She drinks the tea, slowly and gratefully, but she can barely pick at the food. She feels like
she’s been scraped out and strung up in the garage like the deer her father used to hunt, and
she’s too tired to even go through the motions of survival if it means actually having to put
food in her mouth.

Of course Rocket’s sharp eyes don’t miss a thing, but he doesn’t say a word.

When he gathers up the dishes to cart them back to the kitchen, Jolie reaches out. Usually
she’s intentionally slow in her movements - not that she thinks she’s likely to take him by
surprise anyway. But her brain is so fried at this point that she doesn’t think: just sweeps her
hand out as he passes her. Her fingers hook gently into the inside of his elbow, almost like
she’s searching for a pulse, and he freezes with his arms balancing flatware and silverware
and mugs.

“Rocket,” she says, and for a second, she thinks he shivers. God, he makes her feel so much.
Her mouth tilts like a secret. “What did I do to deserve having a friend like you?”

“Must’ve been something awful,” he snarks immediately, and then flinches like he hit a
button he didn’t know was there. His ears flatten, and she sees his tail flick nervously against
his ankles. “I didn’t mean - “

She huffs a little laugh of her own, spiderweb-cracked, but real. “Relax. It’s fine. I’m fine.”
She chews her lip, though, and doesn’t let him go. “Since you seem to have a lot of good will
toward me right now, though, I’ll ask for a favor.”

His ears shift forward attentively. “What?”

“Stop being so fuckin’ mean to yourself.”

He breathes out: something a little too condescending to be a sigh, but too gentle to be a
snort. “You’re one to talk. Someday I’m gonna sit down and tell you just what - “ he cuts
himself off, clicks his tongue impatiently, and then shakes his head like he’s annoyed at
himself. When his voice comes back, it’s bent at the edges, like the words don’t fit well in his
mouth. He says them anyway. “How lucky I am.”

Then he slides a step sideways, out of reach of her light fingers, and past the bridge.

It doesn’t take him long to return. They sit quietly together, watching the star systems and
nebulae spiral by, for hours. They’ve tended to spend their spare time in the cockpit together
anyway - since always, Jolie supposes, even before he’d been able to stand her - but now he’s
sitting beside her with an almost preternatural stillness. No tinkering, no talking. No getting
up to stretch out the hips and back and arms she knows are sore - take a quick stroll around
the ship, annoy Pete if he’s still up, grab a shower or a nap or work on something in his bunk
or the utility closet. No, today Rocket isn’t doing so much as flexing his fingers.

“You don’t have to stay, you know,” she tries to offer up gently, halfway through her shift.
“Go rest. Move. Get a snack. Or at least get something to entertain yourself.”

“Nah,” Rocket says flatly, sounding utterly disinterested in the prospect.

“But - “

“Jo.” He only says her name, but it’s enough to bring her protests stuttering to a halt. Her
eyes travel from the windshield to his face. She can see the beginnings of a scowl there.

He’s got no intention of going anywhere.

There’s something so reassuring about his annoyance, like the thought of him leaving her for
even the few minutes to go get a gravi-grenade to fuck around with is so outrageous. Still -

“You really don’t have to stay, Rocket.”

His fingers do twitch then, claws tapping a staccato rhythm on the armrest between them. “If
I didn’t leave you on Asgard with Ronan, there’s no way I’m leavin’ you right now,” he
grumbles irritably, like she’s already annoying the fuck out of him.

Can’t fool me, she thinks. She knows he can tell she doesn’t want to be alone.

She flicks her eyelids shut again, never mind the starry road before them, because yeah, it’s
gonna be his kindness that fucks her up before the end of the rotation. She can see it coming
from a hundred jump-points away.

By the time he takes over, she’s yawning and achy, and why is this hitting her so hard,
anyway? Rocket seems - fine. Well, as fine as he ever is, which is arguably not fine at all. But
he’d probably slept almost as poorly as she had last night, and he’d shared just as much of
himself. And she knows how hard that had to be for him. But there he is, seemingly unfazed -
and here she is, bruised and emptied out on the cockpit floor.

She makes them both a mid-rotation meal, and she can see him watching her from the corner
of his eyes as she picks up a forkful of food, pauses, and then sets it back on the plate. Moves
it around a little. Tries again. Fails again.
She’s so tired. She just wants to shift herself down on the cold ground right now, and lean her
head against Rocket’s thigh, and sleep there tonight. She’d do it if she thought it wouldn’t
make him wildly uncomfortable. Instead, she closes her eyes again, props her elbow on the
armrest and her chin on her fist, and tries to lose herself in the hum of the engines and her
own heartbeat.

“You should go to bed, princess,” he tells her an hour later, but he already sounds
exasperated, like he knows it’s a lost cause. “Quill’ll be around soon anyway. Just tell him to
come up early. He said somethin’ about - he said somethin’ earlier. Maybe I can tolerate him
for a few hours now.”

She blinks at him placidly. “Nope.”

She curls up in the chair next to him, knees bent and feet tucked next to her ass. And yeah,
god - yeah, she can barely think at this point. But this is the rest of her bullshit, right? Let
someone she loves out of her line of sight for five minutes, and they’re gone forever. Never
mind that a few hours earlier she’d been trying to get him to go take care of himself.

Instead of making sense, she ends up slowly sinking into the pilot’s chair, becoming one with
it in a way that she hasn’t done since those first few years in space, when she’d worried that
taking her eyes off the windshield for a half-minute would result in her waking up back in her
apartment at home, the escape and pursuit all just a dream. Feet still tucked, she leans one
forearm on the armrest, then rolls the side of her cheek onto her fist. Eventually, her other
arm joins the first, and she shifts till she’s sitting on her hip - like this terrible bucket seat is
the galaxy’s worst chaise lounge. Eyes heavy-lidded, she sinks lower, quietly crumpling into
herself like a ball of paper: resigned and ready to be thrown away. She presses her temple
into her folded forearms - body draped over one armrest and under the other - and she tries to
keep her eyes open: watching the stars, watching his face, watching his hands.

They’re so gentle as they cradle the yoke.

She dozes drowsily, fading in and out. Tattered dreams flutter at the edges of her eyes: stars
and jump-points, stowaways and datapads, the narrow hands and bright eyes of her copilot,
the ghost of her sister flickering into a golden haze. It’s long minutes - maybe hours - and
then she feels a slight frisson along her scalp, so unexpected and intimate that it startles a
half-shiver out of her before the sensation turns to a sharp jerk. That wakes her up, and her
eyes fly wide open and she whips her head up to face her copilot. Gamora’s in his seat and
he’s standing beside her, a lock of her hair pinned between his fingers. Thanks to how she’s
fallen asleep across her chair, they’re eye level, and he raises a brow at her sardonically. His
other arm is cradling a supply of orloni sticks and dried seaweed packs.

Did he just pull my hair? Jolie thinks blankly. As she stares, he gives it another experimental
tug, and she yelps.

“What was that for?”

“Up, sweetheart,” he orders, and she doesn’t think twice, unfolding herself like a rumpled
quilt. The sudden shift has her light-headed, joints whining.
She imagines he feels it too. These days, she’s pretty sure she can tell when he’s in more pain
than usual - there’s something different about the way he carries himself. She’s overcome by
the fleeting, melancholic desire to massage away whatever aches she can, to ask if he’ll let
her tonight.

It would feel nice. To give him something back when he’s been so careful with her for these
last two rotations. To give him something back when he’s tried so hard to help her that he’d
given up a little piece of the story she knows he hasn’t told anyone else.

Without a word, though, he’s herding her back toward the bridge. She calls out a scattered do
you need anything? - good night! to Gamora right as Pete passes them to join the Zen-
Whoberian in the cockpit. But Rocket’s got an arm out to one side like a traffic barrier, lightly
bumping against the back of Jolie’s thighs, propelling her to the hatch and then down into the
lower levels of the Gemma Lynn before she can distract herself with her habitual caretaking.
As they pass the bathroom stalls, she makes an apologetic hum and ducks in.

She takes her time. Washes her hands, and rinses her face with cool water from the tap,
pressing her fingertips against her closed eyelids and trying to clean away some of her
exhaustion. When she looks in the mirror, she notes distantly that she looks haggard: ashen,
lips bruised from being bitten, purple shadows under hunted eyes. She cracks a grim, self-
deprecating smile, then steps out.

He’s waiting when she gets into the hallway, propped lazily against the wall: shoulders
leaning and hipbones jutting forward, half-lidded eyes, arms crossed over his chest and
snacks tucked into one loose fist.

He straightens when she exits, gesturing with his chin, and she falls into step beside him.

“I can get myself into bed, you know,” she says - trying for lightness as if her whole body
isn’t leaden with exhaustion, and as if she doesn’t melt over his brusque way of taking care of
her.

“I don’t trust you,” he says flatly. “Have you eaten or drank anything today?”

“You made me tea,” she reminds him, and he glares.

“Sit,” he directs, and she perches on the edge of the shelf bed. “Good girl,” he mutters under
his breath, and hops up on the edge of the workbench, sitting there so that they’re facing each
other at a diagonal. He grabs a waterbag from the stash he keeps on the desktop, stabs the
metal straw into it like it’s a Capri Sun from her childhood, and hands it to her so he can open
the snackfoods. She drinks obediently, and when he hands her an open orloni stick, she
passes the water back to him.

“Your turn,” she says evenly. “You’ve been with me all day, so I know you haven’t been
staying hydrated or eating much, either.”

His eyes flicker from the water and back to her. He hesitates, cocking his head in some kind
of unspoken question she doesn’t understand. For a second, he looks almost anxious, then
tucks the straw into the side of his mouth, clamps it there with his teeth, and drinks.
She leans back and takes a bite of the orloni before accepting the water back from him and
drinking deep. Something in him visibly relaxes when she does, and some distant part of her
thinks briefly that maybe he’d been nervous she wouldn’t want to share a straw with him. She
dismisses the thought as soon as it rises, thinking she must be mistaken - after all, they’d
been eating off the same plate since their first rotation together.

They sit for a moment, passing food and water between themselves until the makeshift meal
is completed. It’s mostly silent, other than the crinkle of wrappings, but it feels
companionable. Most silences between them do, these days.

With their little feast concluded, Rocket bundles up the wrappers and tucks them into the
empty water bag, setting them and the metal straw aside on a cleared edge of his workbench.

“I’ll get those in the compressor in the morning,” he tells her, watching her off-handedly as
he springs from his perch onto the shelf-bed. He’s sidling behind her, almost cautiously, like
he’s waiting for an indication that she doesn’t want him there.

Jolie couldn’t care less that he’s circling her. She trusts him implicitly. To be honest, if she
were feeling better, she might be having different feelings about it altogether - something
closer to excitement and heat, especially after his careless good girl comment a few moments
earlier.

And yeah, she knows that’s entirely fucked up, but she’ll berate herself for it later, when she
has more energy.

She stops caring when she feels him come up close behind her, and she sits very still, waiting
for whatever he’s doing. Nevertheless, she’s startled to feel a shaky exhalation on the back of
her neck, and then a tickle on her scalp at the crown of her head. There’s a gentle tug and he’s
unsnapped the fastener at the base of her bun. She sees the alien hair-tie, made of two pins
and a stretchy ribbon of fabric that buckles into place, get tossed onto the workbench too.
Then her hair is cascading down her back.

In the course of a normal day, she never notices the pressure of the enormous, messy
ballerina-buns she’s taken to wearing regularly. But she knows Rocket has watched her take it
down in the evenings: groaning at the sudden release of tension on her skull, sometimes
burrowing her fingers through her mane to massage the back of her head. Now, with the
loosening of her hair, she feels her shoulders instinctively relax. Her eyes flutter closed and
she bows her head, suddenly even more spent than before.

And then, more surprising still, she feels his hands mimic her own nighttime routine:
carefully working through the sheets of her hair, clawed fingers lightly skating over her scalp.

She tries to stifle her moan but she must make some sort of sound because he falters, and she
can feel his anxiety spike.

“Please don’t stop,” she murmurs instinctively.

The pause lasts just a second longer and then he resumes, not saying a word.
Tears prickle behind her eyelids again. She tries to remember a time in her life when anyone
has shown her this kind of tenderness, and she can’t. So she just holds herself very still,
letting him ease his fingers along the back of her head.

“You should get changed,” he says at last, gruffly, and she feels the thin mattress shift as he
steps back.

She doesn’t think twice. She just sits up and begins wriggling out of her sweatshirt - this one
reads I don’t have enough serotonin for this shit, and it feels particularly apt today - and she’s
in her sports bra before she hears the strangled sound Rocket’s making behind her.

Oops, she thinks blankly, and grabs up her button-down from where she’d tucked it under the
pillow this morning.

“Sorry, sorry,” she says hurriedly, flushing. She dives into the sleepshirt, bra and all. “Sorry.
I’m a fucking mess.”

“It’s fine,” he mutters distractedly, and if she’d been more alert, she might’ve noticed some
extra raspiness in his voice. He’s moved further away though, and when she looks over her
shoulder, she can see he’s retreated to the foot of the bed. “Just, uh, get comfortable.”

He jumps off the bed, rummaging in a drawer for his own extra pajama pants and making a
show of not looking at her while she wrestles herself out of bra and leggings.

She’s suddenly very grateful to have been so emotionally fucked-up that she hadn’t reacted to
his muttered good girl or his breath on the back of her neck. She knows now, beyond a
shadow of a doubt, that she would’ve given herself away and made her poor copilot so
fucking uncomfortable. She apologizes again.

“I’m sorry -“

“Shut it,” he snaps, and his voice is hard and harsh around the edges. Her brow dips
worriedly, but she climbs cautiously under the covers, making room for him on the shelf-bed.
He must be able to hear when she’s tucked in, because he turns around and sets the plasma
orbs to dim, changes quickly in the dark, and then climbs in after her.

She’s grateful he’s joined her, despite her weird-ass behavior tonight. However, there’s still
the possibility he’ll be too irritated to welcome her usual, casual stroking along his shoulders,
around the tender flesh of his scars, over his head - not that she could blame him.

In what must be the tenth shocking moment of the day, though, he doesn’t curl under the
covers at all like she’s used to.

He moves toward her, the same as last night, and reaches for her with one hand.

“C’mere,” he says, and before she can fully register what’s happening, he’s tucking her face
against the fur of his throat and shoulder again, his long chin and narrow jaw resting lightly
atop her head.
  Her eyes are leaking again, goddammit. Yeah. It was always going to be the kindness that
  undid her.

  She’s used to everything else.

  This time she’s too tired to fully blink the tears away. Her breath hitches unexpectedly, almost
  a sob, and she strangles it back.

  “Hey - what the hell - ?” He jerks back, looking down at her in the darkness. She imagines, if
  she could see him, that he’s looking alarmed and maybe even horrified. Now she has to
  fucking apologize again.

  “Sorry,” she says, trying not to sniffle. “It’s just - goddammit.” She can’t stop the crying now
  and she’s pulling back too, bringing her hands up to scrub at her wet face, hard.

  “Whoa. Whoa.” His clawed fingers snag her wrists, stilling them. “You’re so frickin’ rough
  with yourself. What the hell’s goin’ on?”

  She chokes back something like a laugh, something like a whimper. “You just take such good
  care of me,” she says at last, her voice sounding tiny and a little lost. She winces at the sound
  of it.

  There’s a long silence, and she’s trying to hold back these stupid tears and she can’t, so she
  settles for just making herself as small and quiet as possible.

  She hiccups, just once.

  “Fuck,” he says flatly, and he’s pulling her back in before she realizes it. Both arms are
  wound around her now: one pillowing her head and the other small, clawed hand pressing
  against the back of her head. Fleetingly, she thinks she feels his mouth press directly against
  her hair, just an inch above her forehead, but then he’s got his chin tucked over her again,
  almost protectively.

  “I don’t want to get your fur wet,” she protests, her voice cracking. She wiggles against him,
  trying to make space, but he’s surprisingly strong and he holds her steady against him.

  “Knock it off,” he rumbles. “And get ready.”

  She stills. “For what?”

  He sighs, and she feels his claws comb through her hair delicately.

  “I’m gonna tell you about pocket-dimension tech, I guess.”



Chapter End Notes
Coming Soon: Chapter XV. Galaxy-Breaking Shit. in which more comfort is shared, and
life is good. Briefly.

next chapter will have more angst and will finish out pretty much everything of jo's
story. and a little fluff! but then we'll go back to angst. look, i promise a happy ending.

i love and am grateful for you all. thank you for being flawless, perfect, kind, and for
adding some goodness to this world.



join me in hell ♡
                               Chapter 15: Galaxy-Breaking Shit.
Chapter Summary



      in which more comfort is shared, and life is good. Briefly.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Jolie wakes up later than usual. Rocket must’ve left at some point to relieve Pete, because the
   bunk is empty and lonely and dim.

   He’s taken up yesterday’s wrappers, and left her a glass of water in their place.

   God, why is he like this? She’s already in love; he doesn’t have to make it worse.

   She sits up on the edge of the bed, pressing the palms of her hands into her scratchy, tired
   eyes before she reaches for the glass and takes a grateful sip. She’s wrung out, but the sleep
   did her good. Nevertheless, when she scrapes herself out of bed, she still feels vaguely
   uncomfortable.

   Guilty.

   She’s gotten very used to telling her own story - at least the first half of it - and she knows
   how it can feel, to have the words forced out of you. He’d given her something unbelievably
   precious yesterday.

   Floor.

   She wonders if he’ll back out of this thing he’d proposed - a secret for a secret, a memory for
   a memory. She won’t blame him. She should tell him that. In this, at least, she has more
   experience than he does.

   He’d already told her about his sister - eyes ragged and haggard, nose and ears quivering.
   He’d given her that for - whatever reason. Because it would free her up to speak, maybe, or
   because it would obligate her. Either way, it was yet another kindness, shivering up inside her
   heart and glowing there.

   And then he’d trundled her messy self down to the bunk where she’d fucking cried on him
   before - exactly as he’d predicted - she’d fallen asleep during his explanation of pocket
   dimension tech.

   To be fair, he’d chosen the most exhausting night in recent memory to talk her through it, and
   his voice had been low and soothing and rhythmic. He’d done it on purpose, she’s sure. And
he’d been petting her hair the whole time, letting her breathe in the foresty, musky, electrical
scent of his fur.

For a second, Jolie wonders if this is what it feels like to be loved.

She groans and stares at the ceiling for a long minute, perched on the edge of the shelf-bed.
That’s a lot of feeling to project on someone else, she thinks. And what would Rocket say if
he’d known she’d wondered, for even a second, if he might…?

He’d either laugh in her face or not talk to her for days, depending on his mood, she tells
herself with a dry little smile. Maybe both. But either way, he’d start by being profoundly
uneasy.

Oh, Christ. Had she taken her sweatshirt off in front of him?

“I would like to die now,” she informs the ceiling.

By the time she gets to the upper level, Drax is finishing up clearing breakfast, and Gamora
and Pete have already gone to bed. She grabs some fruit, a roll, and a leftover sea-owl
sausage, and slips quietly onto the bridge. For a moment, she hesitates.

“I am Groot,” says little Groot, peering around the chair he’s camped out in, just behind
Rocket.

“Groot thought you were never gonna wake up,” Rocket says drily, not turning around.

The tension rushes out of her in a whoosh. “Gotta wake up,” she says, balancing a plate in
one hand and plucking up the tiny Flora Colossus with her other. He nuzzles her cheek and
she nuzzles back. “Can’t miss seeing my favorite guy.”

“I am Groot,” he tells her seriously. She thinks she’s gathering most of what he says these
days, but Rocket still translates when he’s around. The feeling is there, but the particulars of
Groot’s words can sometimes be lost on her.

Which is why her copilot rolls his eyes from the pilot’s seat. “Don’t call her that.”

“Call me what?”

“I am Groot.”

“Don’t call me that!” Rocket snaps, much more sharply, almost frantically.

Jolie decides not to ask again. Instead, she shifts Groot to her shoulder. Then, to Rocket:
“You need anything, love?”

She almost flinches when she realizes what she’s called him - even though it’s not out of the
ordinary for them these days. He must’ve heard something in her voice, though, because he
glances at her curiously.

“I’m set. You good, Jo?”
“Yes,” she says, too quickly. He raises a brow and she winces. “Sorry,” she says immediately,
making a face. “I’m awkward now. I just - I should thank you.”

Now he winces. “Don’t mention it. Seriously. Ever.”

She chews her lip, sliding into the copilot’s seat and nibbling the roll she still has in her
hands. Because she knows it’s what Rocket would prefer, she turns her attention to Groot.
“How’d you sleep, Sprout? Did you have a good night with Pete and Gamora and Drax?”

“I am Groot.”

“He fought Drax.”

“I am Groot.”

“He definitely won. You’d be impressed.”

“I am Groot.”

“Gamora gave him candy.”

“I am Groot.”

“He only ate it because he could tell she was sad and he wanted to make her feel better.
That’s a lie, Groot. Don’t lie.”

“I am Groot!”

“It is too a lie! We all know you got a sweet tooth! Anyway, finish tellin’ Jo about your
night.”

“I am Groot. I am Groot.”

“There’s not much else to tell, he says. Quill told him a Kevin Bacon story and then he went
to bed.”

“That’s still a busy day,” she says, and the little guy tugs a strand of hair that has fallen out of
her bun already.

“I am Groot.”

“He says he’s ready to kick some abilisk ass. Hey,” Rocket interjects. “First of all, watch your
frickin’ language. Second of all, you’re not gonna be kicking any abilisk ass. Not yet, kid.
You gotta practice more and grow a little first. You can’t even pick up a gun yet.”

“I am Groot!”

She can hear the growl in Groot’s voice and tries not to chuckle.

“No, you’re not,” Rocket says firmly.
“I am Groot! I am Groot!”

“Rude!” Rocket yells, looking first at his son and then Jolie. She raises her eyebrows. “She
can hold her own in a fight!”

She snorts despite herself. “You tryin’ to throw me under the bus, Sprout?”

“I am Groot! I am Groot!”

“You don’t gotta protect her! I make sure she’s well-armed and knows what she’s doing! The
next time you stuff a quadblaster in some jackass’s mouth or hold a god at gunpoint, we’ll
talk. Until then, you stay safe and outta trouble. And that’s final!”

“I am Groot!”

Jolie smiles, and leans back against the back of the seat, breathing deeply and wrapping
herself in the normalcy of bickering voices and the hum of the Gemma Lynn.

++++

Rocket is not sure how this new thing is going to unfold. New thing, of course, referring to
his brilliant idea of trading terrible frickin’ memories like some kind of fucked-up kid’s
playing-card game, or the worst bedtime stories in the history of the universe. But he wants to
know. And more than that, he wants Jo to feel -

Better. He just wants her to feel better.

Flor? Like flower?

It’s been almost a full rotation and the thought still makes the corner of his mouth twitch in a
bemused, perplexed little curl. He thinks it might be bittersweet. He’s never had anything
bittersweet before. He tries to imagine Floor’s response, if she’d heard it.

Pretty.

He’s been hoarding these memories for so long. The pain, the shame, yeah - but also, to
protect them. He knows he’s a monster - he knows he’s just a thing that’s been cobbled
together by fat-fingered children, so to frickin’ speak, because every word of that day is
tattooed on his bones just like his goddamn serial number. He knows because he’s heard it a
million times, so old it gets tiresome: Rodent. Vermin. Monster. Animal. Pet. Experiment.

Subject.

But his family had been - if someone were to say something like that, about them -

Were they like you? Were they fucked up? Were they fucked up like you?

Fuck, no. They’d been perfect. They had been, regardless of what He had thought.
That night, Jolie tucks Groot in, and they get changed in the dimmed light of the plasma orbs,
carefully not looking in each others’ directions. Jo crawls into bed first, sliding her fuckin’
mouthwatering legs safely out of Rocket’s sight.

He counts his frickin’ blessings these days.

He burrows in after her, and pretends like he’s not gonna push himself as tightly as he can
into her side or belly or the small of her back as soon as she passes out. They lay nose-to-
nose for a while, snarking and storytelling, keeping their voices at a low murmur as Groot
drifts off.

The plasma orbs dim slowly to black.

Her eyes try to find him in the dark, and he wonders how much she can see of him. The glints
of his eyes, maybe. The general shape of him. The paler parts of his fur.

His own eyes capture the barest shivers of illumination from the crack at the base of the door,
the tiny and mostly-obstructed safety-lights that flicker up the sides of the walls from the
floorboards. They use whatever ambient glow puddles into the room, and they paint it over
her face. He can practically count the freckles on her nose - multiplied since that cycle they’d
spent out in the sun on Xitaung - and the starry points of her stupid eyelashes.

He clears his throat. “Did you still want to… ?” Why does it feel like he’s frickin’
propositioning her?

“I was thinking about that,” she murmurs back in the darkness. “I don’t - I wasn’t sure you - “
She pauses, humming her frustration while she reorganizes her thoughts. Then she settles, he
supposes, on giving him a memory anyway.

“When I was a kid, my parents made me tell the story of how I’d lost my sister - god, a
million times. An uncountable number of times. Over and over and over again. The police.
Private investigators. Search parties and trackers. Just… themselves. So I… I know what it’s
like, to say something you’re not ready to say. If you don’t want to say something, you
shouldn’t say it, okay? You can say something… smaller. Or don’t say anything at all.
Okay?”

She’s biting her lip, eyes all big and urgent and earnest in the dark. He kind of hates himself
for it, but he tucks the mental image away for later.

“Okay,” he tells her quietly. He tilts his head consideringly. When he tries to call up the
words, he still has to shut his eyes after all. But they come more easily. “I - I had a brother
too.”

There are ten more rotations before they get to Sovereign. Ten bits of storied truth to spill
quietly to each other in the shadowed cockpit, or curled up together in the bunk like lovers.

And this is how Rocket slowly slides the first few interlocking pieces together, like bits of
scrapmetal that he supposes make their own kind of key.
She was five years younger than me - I was twelve, and she was seven. All I wanted to do for
the rest of my life was to look out for her. We were playing hide-and-seek in the field by the
river in early autumn. Do you know hide-and-seek?

It had sounded like a game Batch 89 had attempted, with limited success, in the cages. More
often, the four of them had played tag, or told stories, or talked about the shiny treasures
Rocket had brought back from the central chamber where he was encouraged to build little
machines and metal constructs.

Everything was gold and hazy. She asked me to get her a juicebox from the house. I
remember her running into the treeline to hide while I went to get it.

He remembers, again, the amber-misted holovid Jo had been painting in the cockpit, the night
before he’d bared his teeth and his claws and his stupid, jackass ability to open his mouth and
hurt everyone around him. Before he’d sunk all three deep into her grief, and had done his
damnedest to draw blood.

He tries to make it up to her now, with the memory of his first glimpse of blue, and the
promised city, and the ships that had careened out over the forever and beautiful sky: little
traveling homes for adventurers. For him and his friends. He tries to make it up to her by
letting her connect the dots, by telling her the story of how they’d chosen their names.

Rocket, she murmurs once she’s collected up the implications - once she understands what
he’s named himself after. His name, when she says it, is full of all the hope he’d had when
he’d chosen it, and all the loss he’s felt ever since. And somehow, it still sounds so pretty in
her mouth right then that he tucks that memory away for later, too.

Another night, late in the dark shadows, with the blankets drawn up around her like a cocoon
and only her face peeking out at him, she tells him. I left her out there - alone. Her voice is a
quiet, shivering little animal in the dark.

The river? he’d asked.

You’d think, right? But no. When I came out, they were already taking her - right up into the
sky. I didn’t know what they were at the time. I found out, years later - it was a Sakaaran
scouter. I think they were just, like, surveying the region for the Kree. And they stumbled
across this little lone Terran kid they could just - pluck up, like a fruit that never belonged to
them. Twenty years ago, most Terrans didn’t believe in - in aliens. My family thought I was
lying, of course. That I’d been careless and she’d drowned in the river when I wasn’t looking.
Or - worse. That I’d - done something. On purpose. Or maybe - on accident, but out of anger.

He’d understood immediately what she hadn’t quite said. Rotations later, it still makes his
blood roar in his ears - that anyone might think her capable of something like that. That
anyone would think she’d be anything but kind to a little vulnerable creature who she’d loved
most and best.

But he’d still been an idiot. He’d still asked her, in the hushed tones of instinctive horror -
and very much afraid of the answer -
What’d they do to you?

She’d given him her biggest eyes.

If you - she’d whispered in the dark like a little hunted animal - if you - if someone you loved
had died and you knew who was responsible, what would you do to them?

He thinks of the High Evolutionary’s face, like wet tissue paper beneath his claws. Rocket
knows - he could’ve gone for the throat. He could’ve ended Him. Some instinctive part of
him had recognized it even then.

But he’d gone for pain. He’d wanted to hurt Him. He’d never stopped wanting to hurt Him.

As far as Rocket has seen, the only significant scar Jo has is the one from Asgard, and maybe
in some ways that’s scarier. He doesn’t answer her question, and he’s sure she’ll still tell him
if he presses - but he doesn’t ask again. Because in some way, he knows the answer, or as
much of it as matters.

They’d torn her apart.

Not her face or her body, maybe. But everything else.

And yeah, he’d been mean as hell the day after that one. Not to Jo or Groot, but to pretty
much everyone else. Even Gamora had spent a good part of the rotation glaring at him
disdainfully. But he can’t stop imagining it: Jo as some scrappy, big-eyed kid, too much hair
on her head - more hair than body, probably - reckless with wanting to protect something. Jo,
whose parents had doubtless enacted a revenge of their own, in a hundred small or large
ways, every day of her life on Terra.

But - it’s true that I was careless. I shouldn’t have left her.

He thinks about giving her the moment he’d as good as killed Teefs and Floor. He thinks
about giving her the loss of Lylla. About giving her the surgeries, or the uncertainty of what
the High Evolutionary might’ve made him from.

He thinks about giving her the truth: that he’d always, only, been intended for the incinerator.

Instead, he stares up at the ceiling in the dark and tells her that his earliest memory is of
hurting.

Maybe it’s cheap - safe. She’s already known, probably, since long before he’d started letting
her massage away his aches on nights when she asks - long before he’d let himself surrender
to her little stupid, sugardrop-machinations. So he doesn’t have to say, I ain’t stopped hurting
since. He doesn’t have to say how frickin’ angry he’d been when he’d figured out that other
people had bodies that fit together right, that were easy to live in.

There’s a long quiet after he tells her - I woke up slowly in pain, only there wasn’t anything
before it - and he hears her take a breath to speak. And then pause.
“Can I touch you?” she asks at last, and he knows it’s not what she was gonna say. And here
she is again, asking first.

His throat is tight and dry. “Yeah, sweetheart,” he says, trying to sound casual and careless
about it. “Whatever.”

She doesn’t just come in to touch his shoulder or tap his chest or massage behind his ear,
though. Not this time. She leans into him, and curls an arm around him as softly as a first-
snowfall, and he feels the warm brush of her mouth on the top of his head like she thinks he
won’t notice - as if not-noticing her mouth on any frickin’ part of him would even be
possible. All of it - the loose curve of her arm, the scent of her neck and her hair, the softness
of her chest and her lips - the slow, small, soothing stroke of her thumb on his back - it’s a
touch that wants to go back in time and undo pain. He can tell.

“Okay, princess. Get offa me,” he grunts after a handful of tea-and-honey-scented minutes,
because if he stays wrapped up in her too long he’ll either start crying or get the galaxy’s
least-timely erection. Fuck, maybe both. And while Rocket doesn’t have any shame about
either of those things in general, he’s not trying to let her know that she’s the cause of either
one.

She draws her arm back smoothly, without any protest, and he pulls away to keep an inch
between them.

But when he curls up that night, he doesn’t bother to pretend he’s going to stay on his side of
the bed. He just winds himself into a circle against her side, and lets himself drift.

++++

From Jolie’s perspective, their weird new ritual changes both nothing and everything. If life
were a book or a movie, maybe she would feel lighter after having slowly pulled out these
stories - like quiet little lead stones she’s piled into her ribs - and shown them to her copilot.
But she doesn’t feel lighter. She’ll carry her sister with her everywhere she goes for the rest
of her life.

But she does feel less alone.

A few days into their route to Sovereign, when she wakes - sprawled on her back with one
arm draped on the pillow up above her head - she feels a sort of weight on her stomach.
Carefully, she lifts the blanket, only to find Rocket’s head pillowed on her belly, his chest
pressed to her hip and his forearm thrown over one of her thighs. She’s abruptly aware of the
prickle of claws on the inside of her bare leg, and she fights down a shiver.

Gently, she lowers the blankets and closes her eyes, debating a pretense of sleep - but she
can’t prevent her hand from creeping down to rest on the back of his head, and stroking
gently between his ears. When he stirs, she holds her breath, but he doesn’t recoil the way she
expects.

Instead, he stretches against her, almost luxuriously, and half-turns. The side of his face skims
against her lower ribs and she’s the one who freezes as his nose slides dangerously close to
the underside of one breast.

But then, unperturbed and like he hasn’t noticed anything at all, he crawls out from under the
blankets, peering at her from the pillow beside her face.

She can feel that her eyes are huge, and locked on his.

“Mornin’,” he grumbles muzzily, and then eyes her more closely. “What?”

“Nothing,” she says quickly. “I - good morning.”

He’s looking at her suspiciously. “Why’s your face all red?”

Christ.

Because Jolie is who she is, she doesn’t answer. She just holds his gaze for a long, half-
terrified moment like she’s a fucking deer in headlights - then closes her eyes, shaking her
head like the motion can somehow dislodge the blush from her cheeks or the heat from her
abdomen.

There’s a pause, and then she hears him chuckle. She drowns under a wave of surprise and
relief when he doesn’t press it. Instead, she feels him roll off the mattress. When she finally
feels brave enough to peer through her lashes, his back is to her and he’s buckling the straps
on his jumpsuit, then reaching to the honeycomb shelves to gently nudge Groot awake. The
little guy yawns, and stretches, and reaches for his dad.

Christ, she thinks again.

She’s known that she’s been in love with him for ages now, and with their whole chaotic
family, and their collective adopted son. But now, in this moment, she realizes she’s falling
further and further for her cranky goddamn copilot pretty much every day, and there’s no end
in sight, no bottom to the well.

I’m in danger, she thinks with a slightly-panicked internal giggle.

The rest of their travel to Sovereign is… good. So good. Things seem to shift and settle into
something comfortable and familiar and warm.

Drax’s grief no longer seems to be burning up on his skin. Every day, he mentions murdering
Thanos fewer and fewer times. Some shifts, Jolie sits with him and watches the way he
interacts with Groot: tender in a way that outsiders might not expect. In response, Groot is
constantly trying to wage war on the Kylosian. Some worried, interfering part of Jolie
suspects this is Groot’s answer to Drax’s disdain for dancing: an attempt from a child to try to
connect with one of his fathers in whatever way he thinks will most impress. It sits in her
heart like a bruise: the distance between two people who love each other. Especially when
one of those people is a kid, and the other’s a parent.

They’ll work it out on their own eventually, she’s sure. There’s too much affection and love
there for them not to. But she’s a meddler- it’s what she does. So she whispers to Groot that
Drax is a good storyteller - even better than Pete sometimes - and Groot shifts to trying to
extort whatever tales Drax might be willing to part with in the moment.

And Drax always obliges.

Shockingly, Jolie rarely ever even has to nudge the Kylosian away from stories that the rest
of them might consider inappropriate. To be fair, the family’s tolerance for violence is
probably concerningly high, but whenever Drax begins to reference copulation rituals, she
intervenes, and he laments the “prudish sensibilities” of the other Guardians and their
“collectively concerning desire to keep sexual congress a secret.”

Gamora’s quietness is melting. Originally, Jolie had felt certain, the silence had been a way
the Zen-Whoberian guarded herself: a product of deep loss, violence, attempted
brainwashing, and a need for control - just to name a few contributing factors. The former
assassin is still reserved, still vigilant, but there’s an element of almost - tranquility to it, now.
She’s been more pensive since they set the course for Sovereign and Nebula, of course. But
often, Jolie finds her on one of the decks, staring out at the sky. The first few times, they’d
just stood and watched the stars spiral by, unspeaking.

“They are quite pretty,” Gamora says on their third shared silence, not looking away from the
sky.

Jolie hums.

“I hadn’t noticed,” the Zen-Whoberian admits. “Not since I was taken from my home.”

Jolie waits a beat, and doesn’t move her own eyes from the window. She can see both of their
reflections in it: insubstantial echoes of themselves, superimposed on the stars. She thinks
there must be a metaphor there - something about their histories and their futures.

“Gamora,” she says at last, solemnly and softly. “I hope the rest of your life is full of
beautiful things, and that you get to fall in love with all of them.”

The other woman’s slender, deadly hand floats up and sideways toward Jolie. The Terran
doesn’t react - not till Gamora folds their palms and fingers together hesitantly. Jolie can
practically feel Gamora thinking, this is a thing friends do, correct? so she squeezes the Zen-
Whoberian’s hand encouragingly.

“Thank you for telling me about your sister.” The words are hushed, solemn, and mirrored in
the glass.

“Ah,” Jolie says, and now she feels awkward. So she just squeezes Gamora’s fingers again,
and they stand like that for another minute or two before Gamora shifts, and their hands part.
“Wait,” Jolie says, and when Gamora turns back, Jolie says, “Can I hug you?”

Gamora blinks, and tilts her head, and then nods.

By the time they land on Sovereign, Jolie will have hugged her three times, and on the third,
Gamora will have hugged back - and hung on like she’s a little bit starving.
++++

Between flying, building weapons, and working on upgrading the Gemma Lynn - between
waking up in various states of discomfort in Jo’s arms but still feeling too damn good to leave
‘em - Rocket continues to gather up pieces of her story like so many shiny screws and bolts.

So you came to space, Rocket had said one night, in the relative safety of their darkened
room, with Groot snoring soft little groot-groot-groot snores in his miniature bunk. It’s unfair,
he knows. He only asks her things - only shares things - when she’s flying or they’ve turned
off the lights. Each time, he gets to watch her - scrutinize every flicker of her brow and how
much she’s biting her lips. And each time, she can barely see anything of him.

At first, he’s pretty sure she doesn’t realize that’s what he’s doing. But even once she catches
on, she lets him have the advantage.

Of course she does.

On this night, her brow had creased in the darkness. She’d looked at him quizzically, even
though she probably couldn’t see hardly anything of his face, not six inches from hers.

He’d clarified: To look for Gemma.

Oh, she’d said, her brow clearing. Yeah. Took me twelve years to find a way out here.

How’d you do it? Most Terrans out here are an accident. Or they get scooped up against
their will.

She’d chuckled into the dark. Well. Probably unsurprisingly to you, I did not do it well.

He’d snorted.

On Terra, your chances of stowing away on a Chitauri battlecruiser are low, but never zero,
she’d said lightly, and he’d snickered. I didn’t have a fucking clue what I was doing. It’s pure
luck that someone didn’t blow up the mothership my cruiser was serving, or that I didn’t get
caught, or starve, or accidentally toss myself out an airlock. I got all the way out to
Conjunction before I could get off.

That final sentence had felt like someone had popped a fist right into the end of his nose.
Your first time on alien soil - by yourself out here, all alone - was on Conjunction?

…Yeah? Why? She’d sounded so confused. What is it?

Nothin’, princess. I’m just thinkin’ about what an ass I am.

Conjunction, though. Where he’d been excited to abandon her, thinking how funny it would
be, to leave her at such a disadvantage.

Has there ever been a moment when he hasn’t been underestimating her?
It almost makes him nauseous sometimes. He’s grateful for whatever luck or instinct had
prevented him from being the worst, most selfish and stupid jackass of his recent history.
He’s still not sure when exactly he decided he wanted to keep her around - to keep her - but
he doesn’t want to let her go. Even if some part of him knows she’d be better off without him.

Instead, he continues to unspool the story from her, bit by bit.

There had been a job on the Eclector. Not her first. She’d been scouring the systems for a few
years, by then. Applying the crafts she’d taught herself on Terra in order to make a name for
herself out in the sky, teaching herself how to understand and recreate alien art based on the
foundational skills she’d brought from home. She’d taught herself to read Kree in that time,
and had pieced together some leads - identified the kind of ship she’d seen, figured out why it
was probably there. She’d met Pete and most of the Yondu clan already, done a few jobs for
them before. So when someone named Kraglin had sent word that they’d recently raided an
archival freighter - and that among some old manuscripts and texts and reports, there had
been a store of eighty old, useless datapads full of Kree records - she’d dropped everything.

She didn’t think she’d ever flown so fast, ever assessed a haul so quickly. It was a hunch,
she’d said. She’d just known in her bones there was something there that she’d needed. All
she’d demanded for her haul was enough time with the datapads to read them, and the ability
to take any relevant records with her.

She’d been on the Eclector for a full three cycles - bunking on the docked Gemma Lynn,
poring over each document and spreadsheet till her eyes blurred and Quill had annoyed her
enough to convince her to go to bed. More than once, she’d admitted, she’d fallen asleep in
the cargo hold with the datapads - an admittedly unwise move in a ship full of exiled
Ravagers, even if she’d trusted most of them.

Not that earning her trust was a very high bar, in Rocket’s opinion.

The fifty-seventh datapad had been the missing piece, apparently. Just a note in the
metaphorical margins - one lone Terran child, picked up from coordinates that mapped to the
river behind her parents’ home, delivered to a Kree slave camp off Hala. Dead nine years
later of a treatable illness, before Jo had even gotten starside.

She didn’t know how long she’d sat there with it in her hands, but when Quill had come to
check on her, he’d put a hand on her shoulder and startled her into something she describes as
a scream.

Rocket knows, though. He bets she’d sounded like him when he’d stood over Lylla, and
agony had ripped up out of his vocal cords to fill up every molecule of air around him.

Then she’d started shaking, Jo had said, and she hadn’t been able to stop. Quill had bundled
her off into the Gemma Lynn and kept them floating for a cycle or more, till she’d gotten her
head on straight.

Dead three years before I ever even got my useless carcass off the planet. After almost a
decade of misery.
Because I left her behind.

He knows it’s worthless to her - but he tells her anyway. That she’d be dead now too, if she
hadn’t.

But I would’ve been at her side, and she would’ve known that I was protecting her. The
response is so quick and automatic that he knows she’s repeated it to herself every day of her
life. He has his own echoing little thoughts like that. She would’ve known that she wasn’t
alone. There’s a pause, and her voice splinters up the middle.

And that she was loved.

He remembers again - what she’d said about getting him off the Eclector.

What would you a’ done?

Died trying.

He continues to give her back pieces - scraps - and she never complains. So frickin’ patient,
his Jo. He gives her his first earful of music. He gives her his first glimpse of the rapid
evolution chambers, before he saw the little turtle go in. One night, feeling reckless, he tells
her about after: his awe at seeing the High Evolutionary’s masterful creation.

His terror when he realized how furious it was.

It was a problem with His engineering an’ His chemicals, Rocket tells her in the dark. But
practic’ly, the problem was - that little thing felt it all, and it remembered feeling it all, and it
was frickin’ pissed about it.

Rocket had glowered moodily into the cockpit that night, glad her eyes were on the flightpath
ahead.

It didn’t ask to be made.

Rocket himself doesn’t remember anything prior to pain. He doesn’t know how the High
Evolutionary brought him into existence. He’s not sure if he was a little animal like the turtle,
or if he’d been stitched together from spare parts. But now that he’s grown and not begging
for praise from that sick fuck, he thinks that the turtle had probably wanted nothing more
than to be back in its little body, to fold itself into its hard little home the way Jo folds herself
into Rocket’s bed at night, to probably meander through life slowly on land or maybe swim
fast through the water and to catch little frickin’ fish or whatever. And without the adjustment
to the High Evolutionary’s machines, filtering the appropriate chemicals in medicinal
amounts - allowing the processing of the supplemental endorphins, the dopamine, the
reuptake inhibitors - it only knew what it had lost and what it had gone through.

Sometimes, in his nightmares, Rocket can hear that screaming green lifeform in its glass
coffin, just seconds before the fire comes on, and he can understand it.

Put me back, it roars in his dreams.
Put. Me. Back.

Maybe, when Rocket tells Jo about it - maybe he’s talking about more than a little reptilian
lifeform with a shell on its back. And if he is, Jo’s probably already clocked it. But that’s all
he says that night, and if he’s a little mean the next morning, he really only feels bad when
Groot gives him a big-eyed stare or when Jo rolls along with any unkind thing he says like it
just slides off her pretty skin.

And of course, she isn’t stingy back. She gives him anything he asks for. More. She probably
figures she’s already pieced together more of his story than he has of hers, and she’s probably
right.

“Do you ever wanna go back?” he asks her one night while she’s flying. The control panel
lights limn her in silvery blue, shot through with little petals of rose and topaz. “To Terra?”

She gets very quiet. “Do you want to go back? To CounterEarth?”

He sometimes forgets that she knows where he’s from. That even though he hasn’t called the
High Evolutionary by name yet, she’d heard it from Taserface, seen the planet’s dual names
scrawled on the label tagging his cage: CounterEarth to its inhabitants, HalfWorld to almost
everyone else in the galaxy.

So now, when she says it, his ears flick down and the skin on the back of his neck flinches a
little, fur standing on end before he can breathe out and lay it flat with a casual brush of his
hand. But her question is soft - less abrasive than his, for sure. So he forces himself to relax
his jaw and roll his neck.

“Not even if He was dead an’ rotting in the ground, princess,” he admits at last, and if his
voice is a little hoarse, so what? “Not even to piss on His fuckin’ statue.”

She nods slowly. “I don’t think I would either, if I were you,” she says, and a little of the
tension in his shoulders eases just a bit. There’s another moment of long shadows and the
steady slow glimmering of lights. She rolls her own neck, then rests her wrists on the yoke
like she does when the flying’s not particularly arduous. She hums.

“I left Terra like an animal chewing off its leg to get out of a trap,” she confesses at last, her
voice soft in the cockpit. It’s an offering. She casts him a solemn, sideways look. “I mean it.
I’m not exaggerating. I would’ve mutilated myself to get off that rock if I had to. Easy. The
compulsion to find Gemma was that… bad. But it wasn’t just that. I didn’t realize it at the
time, but I…” She huffs out a soft half-laugh. “I think I was dying down there.”

The set of her mouth goes pensive. Thoughtful. Rocket doesn’t want to imagine it, but he
does anyway: stupid-sweet Jo with her ridiculous hair, and her big hunted eyes. Too soft for
her own good, and caged in on a planet too stupid to realize what it had. Too easily, he can
see her: caught in a steel-jawed trap.

He’s pretty sure his heart drops into a wormhole somewhere, just completely vacates his
body in favor of being anywhere else.
“So… no. I don’t want to go back. I stopped inflicting myself on my parents years before I
left - excised myself from their lives like I was a cancer - and they were glad to see me go.
And I’d been too… preoccupied to make any real friends. There’s nothing for me there.”

He pictures her with a glasscutter and a paintbrush clenched in either hand, eyes on the sky -
maybe as obsessively as his had been, once. Compelled, somehow, by the idea of both getting
off the planet and making something pretty and sweet to leave behind on it. Something to
give someone a moment of gladness.

“An’ out here?” He’s not really sure what he’s asking, only that his mouth is dry when he
asks it.

He watches her brow tilt in confusion. “Out here?”

He tries again. “Is there anything out here for you?”

She flicks a startled glance at him. Then, she chuckles: a delicate exhalation of quiet
incredulity, all directed at herself. “Out here? Oh, you know.” She gives him that lopsided
smile. “Twelve years trying to leave Terra. Four years scouring the Kree empire, and another
four years just…bumming around the galaxy. Grieving, I guess. And then…”

She shakes her head, rolls her eyes, and smiles sideways at him - a little mischievous, a little
playful, but still so soft it aches.

“And then. I don’t know. I saw this - bright-eyed, brilliant, creative goddamn genius in a
goddamn Ravager cage, and I was just like - “ she shakes her head, hard “ - nope, not leaving
this guy. Not a fucking chance. Not on my life. Not for anything. Not in a million fucking
years.” She shakes her head again, a smile tucked against her lower lips like it’s just for
herself. “So - yeah. Pete took one look at me, with you, after Knowhere…and he knew I’d
follow you wherever you let me.”

Sometimes in these weird moments of ritualistic sacrifice - a scrap of life and death for a
scrap of life and death - Rocket can feel the arc of their emptiness passing from his chest to
hers, and then back again. But Jolie still wrings out a smile for him, sad and sugardrop-sweet
in the dim starlit cockpit, and gives him that smart-ass wink.

I’d follow you wherever you let me.

“Arf arf,” she lilts.

++++

Over the cycle and a half that it takes them to get to Sovereign, Jolie watches things shift
between herself and Rocket. She’s not entirely sure what that something is, or why it’s
changing. Maybe it’s because of this deeply fucked-up storytelling they’re sharing almost
every rotation. Maybe it’s something else. But when Rocket casually throws himself next to
her on the couch these days, he’ll be brushed up against her - thigh to thigh, shoulder to arm -
even when there’s more than enough room for him to lean on the opposite armrest like he
used to. Twice, she rouses from sleep late in the morning with her arms wrapped around him
- and he’s already awake, just lying patiently in her embrace like he doesn’t mind it so much
after all, tail flicking against the outside of her thigh or sweeping - far too deliciously, to be
honest - behind her knee.

The first time it happens, she apologizes, red-faced and wide-eyed and nervous, but he only
scoffs lightly - tch - and rolls away, and goes about his morning. The second time, she doesn’t
apologize at all - and he doesn’t seem bothered by that, either.

She wonders if this means the possibility of holding him is on the horizon, because she’d
love to give him that kind of comfort. If he’d accept it.

By the time they arrive on Sovereign, their little family is… still weird and dysfunctional,
but… kind of at peace. The Gemma Lynn/Milano feels warm. Alive. Feels more like home
than anything Jolie has ever had before. The camaraderie and warmth has grown and Jolie is
so content that it could make her cry if she thought about it for too long.

The abilisk migration has been spotted in the system, right on time, just a few planets away.
Most of the pod reportedly continues on its normal trajectory, but one has broken off from the
group and is on its way. Apparently this happens every migration - one or two abilisks use
whatever extra senses they have to sniff out the powerful anulax batteries just within range,
and they split off for a snack. The current creature should be here in a rotation, maybe one-
and-a-half.

Outside of a terse, brief exchange with a disdainful golden admiral who had directed them to
the battery storage dais, the so-called Guardians of the Galaxy have not been permitted
contact with the Sovereign people. Jolie isn’t sure if this is despite their early arrival, or
because of it. They’d landed on the platform and were apparently to spend the rest of the
rotation more-or-less confined to it, since they’d been expressly forbidden from “interacting
with or otherwise harassing the citizenry.” Rocket had rolled his eyes so hard his whole head
had rocked on his shoulders, and had asked Jolie if she’d help him with some low-grade
maintenance repairs before dinner.

“Might as well get ‘em done while we’re here,” he tells her with a shrug.

They work shoulder-to-shoulder, and she’s honestly just thrilled he trusts her to do anything
at all at this point, especially since she’d thought he was going to have an aneurysm when
she’d finally explained that the sliding door to her engine room was so fucked that she had to
keep a hexapull wedged in the frame so she could pry it open when she needed to get in and
out. It’s no longer an issue - he’d fixed it before they’d even reached Asgard - but it had been
enough to make Rocket apoplectic at the time.

I can’t fuckin’ talk to you right now, he’d told her when she’d asked him to come have dinner
nearly nine hours after she’d shown him. I can’t fuckin’ look at you. What if you’d gotten
stuck outside a’ the engine room and needed to get in? What if you’d got stuck inside, on this
ship all alone by yourself? Why didn’t you tell me - shit - even before the Kyln?

She hadn’t had an answer. It just hadn’t seemed important. The hexapull had worked just fine
when she was alone and then she abruptly hadn’t been alone, so it was much less worrisome.
Now, together, they work on repairing and replacing some of the heat-resistant tiles that make
up the thermal protection systems of both partnered ships. It’s actually an easy task - one of
the first routine maintenance skills she’d learned out here - and one she could do in her sleep.
Jolie enjoys the work - it’s almost meditative. Of course, Rocket is still faster - he changes
out three tiles and refinishes two more by the time she’s replaced her first - and she does her
best to pick up her pace so he doesn’t end up re-tiling the entire Milano and Gemma Lynn all
by himself.

He’s finished probably two-thirds of the replating when he wraps up, leaning against the
main portside landing leg of the Gemma Lynn. Jolie remains sprawled on her back under the
belly of the ship, one knee bent to keep pressure off her lower spine, and starts replacing her
twelfth and final tile. The silence, she assumes, is companionable - comfortable - until she
hears Rocket cluck his tongue in something that sounds a lot like his annoyance.

For a moment, she’s worried it’s because of how fucking slow she is, compared to him. When
she tilts her head sideways so she can see him from her prone position, ready to tell him he
doesn’t have to wait for her, her words catch in her throat: clumsy butterflies in a silken net.
Rocket’s still leaning against the landing leg: arms crossed over his chest, hipbones jutting
forward languidly, one knee bent so his foot can rest against the ship behind him. His tail
sweeps back and forth, indolent as a hypnotist’s watch.

He doesn’t look annoyed - not exactly. He’s just staring down at her - like he’s been
observing her for a while - and his gaze is dark and unreadable. His eyes lick over her slowly.

She worries at her lip with her teeth, brow creasing. “What is it?” she asks him from the
ground. “Is something wrong?”

A tiny, dangerous-looking grin curls one side of his mouth. When he speaks, it’s a lazy,
purring rumble that rasps over her nerves.

“You ever had a Spartaxian sugardrop before?”

She blinks up at him, wide-eyed and perplexed. And embarrassed, because when he uses that
tone, she can feel her body start to flush. She presses her shoulderblades into the gravel and
grass beneath her, and tries to anchor her fluttering libido.

“Uhm, no? I don’t think. I don’t know what that is.”

He makes a little, unidentifiable sound in the back of his throat: something close to a chuckle,
but almost predatory. Velvety. Mocking.

“It’s a kinda candy, with honey inside. Hard to find. Real sweet.” His eyes consider her, dark
and speculative. Amused - entirely at her expense. “Melts practically the minute you get it on
your tongue.”

He makes some sound with his own tongue against his teeth, like he’s imagining sucking on
one, and that is distressing in the same way that his firearms training has become distressing.
Jolie feels the wave of warmth suddenly high in her cheeks, and flickering up in her lower
abdomen.
“They sell ‘em in these pretty, lacy little foil wrappers, all wrapped up for whoever’s lucky
enough to get their hands on ‘em.” He makes a thoughtful, humming noise, and his eyes go
even darker on her. “Stole one, once.”

She has absolutely no context for any of what he’s saying or why he’s bringing up stealing
candy now, so she knows she must look baffled - as well as overheated from her own
suddenly and deeply-humiliating reaction to that sound he’d made. She draws up her other
knee to meet the first one, trying to casually press her thighs together and relieve the sudden
and very annoying tension between her legs. His eyes flick downward and track the
movement like he’s hunting it.

She tries to shake herself out of her ridiculous horniness, to sort her way back to the original
thread of conversation. “So… you like them? Spartaxian… what did you call them?”

His eyes move back to her face and he grins at her, suddenly all teeth. It’s a grin that reads as
dangerous, but she doesn’t think he’s mad - he looks like he’s having fun, in an almost-mean
sort of way she can’t figure out.

“Sugardrops, princess. They’re frickin’ delicious,” he tells her, chuckling again. “Sweetest
frickin’ things in the galaxy. Just want to suck on one all day. Keep it in my mouth as long as
I can.”

She tilts her head, curiosity bubbling up, painting itself on her face. It’s definitely preferable
to that soul-crushing wave of uninvited lust. “Maybe we could find some for you?” she asks.

He tilts his head back and cackles. “Unlikely, sweetheart.”

She chews her lip. “You said they’re hard to come by?”

He snorts. “They’re a fuckin’ rarity,” he tells her, snickering like there’s some joke she’s not
in on. “A luxury. Too good for a lowlife like me.”

She scowls. “I don’t believe that.”

He just grins, cocking his head to one side, and considers her in her prone position. She
knows she’s probably a mess: smudged, sprawled on her back, hair a tangled mess spilt over
the ground. “Yeah, maybe you wouldn’t,” he concedes, and his voice is low. Unnervingly
entertained. “Luckily, we don’t gotta argue about it.” He gestures with an open, clawed hand,
as if to say, we don’t exactly have any high-class candy-stores around here.

Still, she logs it away in her mind with the mental note to keep an eye out for Spartaxian
sugardrops, just in case.

He waits for her, and when she’s done, whatever uncharacteristic preoccupation he’d had
with stolen candy seems to have dissolved. By the time they re-board the ship, he’s back to
normal - though a little more affectionate than she might have seen him before. He walks so
close that his tail flicks around her ankles and calves, or his shoulder bumps against her just
shy of her hip.
Each touch makes her shiver.

In the meantime, Drax has made a veritable Kylosian feast, and the night feels as easy and
comfortable as a wellworn cardigan. Who needs to wander around Soveriegn, with all this
wealth right here?

After dinner, Rocket, Pete, Gamora, and Drax kill time drinking and playing Karidian tile-
games in the common area before bed, and Jolie watches them from the kitchenette bar with
Groot, letting the love of it all fill her right up. Her ribs are so tight in her chest, lungs and
heart lit up and expansive. She smiles to herself and shakes her head every time Rocket ups
the ante, even when he has a pitiful hand.

“If you go all in every time no matter what, even you don’t know when you're bluffin’,” he
explains to the group - cackling tipsily after finishing his fourth can of Acanti Blubber Ale -
at which point Pete throws down his tiles in disgust and Drax bursts out laughing. Even
Gamora smiles, though it’s pinned with apprehension for tomorrow’s reunion with her sister.

Groot eventually falls asleep on Jolie’s shoulder, sprawled over it on his belly. Once the
group finally agrees to turn in for the night, she rises and tucks a hand over the tiny Flora
Colossus to keep him steady, then reaches her other palm out toward Rocket. He’s so drunk -
but for the first time since she’s met him, it doesn’t seem to be an exercise in misery.

“Let’s go,” she says warmly, and he shuffles toward her, half-grinning and looking…happy.
She’d already thought her heart was full-up, so she’s pretty sure it’s overflowing now: a little
flood of contentment and affection trickling over her ribs in tiny waterfalls. She supposes she
should have expected that.

What she couldn’t possibly have expected, though, is the way he leans into the side of her leg
and wraps one arm around it, his forearm tucked snugly against the inseam of her leggings,
just an inch below the crux of her thighs. Her wide, shocked eyes dart up to scan the room -
but everyone else seems too drunk to pay attention, and Groot is just letting out tiny, adorable
snores on her shoulder.

Heat radiates out from his palm and she can feel her knees go warm and buttery beneath her.

Then - electric - Rocket strokes his narrow hand over the front of her thigh, petting her, and
she nearly jumps out of her skin.

Still, no-one’s noticing - and how can no-one be noticing? it’s fucking world-shattering; this
is galaxy-breaking shit - and she fights to get herself under control while Rocket nuzzles into
her hip with drunken contentment.

Together, with halting steps, they eventually muddle their way toward the hatch and down it.
He peels off his shirt while she tucks Groot into his little bunk, and Rocket is curled up under
the blankets by the time she strips and slides into her nightshirt.

She thinks that’s it. She kinda assumes he’s already drifted off into a buzzy snooze by the
time she climbs into bed and turns toward him - on the outside for the first time since they’d
begun sleeping together - but no. As soon as she’s settled, he presses himself immediately
against her belly, his nose tucked against her ribs, the crown of his head pushing softly
against the underside of her breasts and one arm casually thrown over her hips.

She’s never used the term flabbergasted in her life, but there’s no other word to describe what
she’s feeling right now: mystified and awestruck and absolutely rattled by the sudden
unguardedness of his affection. Her hand floats tentatively and finds the space between his
ears, and she strokes the soft fur there. Her thumb slides down carefully to smooth the space
between his brows, and he rumbles a little noise and tightens his arm around her. She feels
him shift, and then she loses her breath all at once, because his other clawed hand has curled
up under her button-down to prickle lazy patterns on the flesh of her abdomen.

There’s a soft brush of feathered silk on the side of her knee as he loops his tail over her. The
tip of it twitches against the edge of her underwear, where her ass meets the back of her thigh.
Everything jolts. She isn’t sure she manages to fully suppress the involuntary twitch of her
hips in time, but she doesn’t think he notices.

Or maybe he does, because she can feel his mouth move against her.

“Pretty Jo,” he rumbles into the thin fabric of her shirt, which suddenly feels heavy and
stiflingly rigid - too warm to be wearing, honestly. “Bet you’re pretty all over.”

She swallows.

“Bet you taste sweet ev’rywhere.”

She’s suddenly certain that she’s nothing more than a tiny flake of floating ash: still bright-
hot, still burning up with crisp gold edges. That’s for sure the booze talking, she chastises
herself, and forces herself - forces herself - to focus only on stroking between his eyes and
easing him into sleep.

It’s a task which truly takes less than a minute. Getting herself to relax into something
approximating slumber, though, is another story entirely.

She ends up rolling out of bed early due to sheer restlessness, making use of the coldest
shower she can, and ordering her reflection to stop torturing herself with delicious little
unattainable daydreams. When Groot wakes, she enlists his “help” in making a protein-and-
carb-heavy breakfast, brewing a perfect pot of black coffee, and pouring glasses of water. She
casually sets out the bottle of anti-inflammatories and a pack of electrolyte tabs for whoever
might want them.

When Rocket does make his way up the hatch, his eyes are watchful and cautious. There’s no
g’mornin’, kid; princess - none of his normal little bite-sized sarcasms she’s used to starting
the day. She’s not sure if he’s just hungover, or if his reservation has to do with what he’d
said to her the night before - bet you’re pretty all over; bet you taste sweet - a sentence she’d
never have imagined him saying in her entire life and now will probably be imagining
regularly. There’s no way of knowing if he even remembers that exchange, but there’s also
no way in hell she’s bringing it up.

That’s a recipe for disaster, and probably getting her feelings hurt.
Still, when he pulls himself up to the counter and nibbles on some breakfast while Gamora
and Drax join them and they wait for Pete, she manages to murmur sideways to him, “Is
everything okay?”

He doesn’t answer, but he looks up at her, eyes flicking back and forth like he’s being hunted.
It’s such a change from last night that the space behind her sternum aches. Dude can’t let
himself be happy for more than eighteen hours at a time, though she supposes that’s an
improvement from a dozen cycles ago.

Still, she doesn’t think she’s seen this look on his face since - probably before Knowhere.

“Rocket?”

“M’fine,” he tells her, and a little grin curls one corner of his mouth. It would be a relief if
she was certain it was real. “Just hung over. That blubber ale’ll knock a guy flat.”

Pete and Drax clean up in the kitchen while Rocket gestures for her and Gamora to follow
him to the armory, where he starts issuing them firearms that he’s clearly made - at least in
part - with them in mind.

“You’re good with a sword,” he tells Gamora begrudgingly, even though it’s an
understatement, and hands her some kind of modified laser cannon that’s at least as big
around as she is. “But you need something to take these things down a peg or two before they
get that close to you. I heard they’re frickin’ big.”

Gamora’s nodding, examining the firearms with a thoughtful little curve to her mouth - like
she also recognizes that this is a gift and that what Rocket is really saying is be safe. Jolie
ducks her head to hide her own smile as the Zen-Whoberian says quietly, “Thank you,
Rocket.”

“Yeah, yeah. Shut the fuck up,” he says blandly. “An’ you - “

He turns, shoving an enormous piece of artillery at Jolie so quickly she almost stumbles,
arms coming up to cradle the monster of a gun.

“What the fuck is this?” she blinks, arms straining under the heap of metal.

“Rotary twelve-barrel plasma autocannon,” Rocket says casually, like the thing isn’t twice as
big as his whole body, and maybe more. “Just in case.”

“Rocket, I’m not even gonna be able to aim this thing - “

He folds his arms, leaning back to eye her critically. “Not like that, you ain’t,” he agrees,
sounding annoyed. “Hold it right.”

She struggles to shift the cannon in her arms, pointing the barrels at a blank wall while she
drops into a familiar stance: knees slightly bent, curving her body around the cascabel and
sinking her center of gravity forward. He circles her while Gamora watches, apparently
amused, and taps the inside of her heel with the toe of his boot. “Lean forward a little more,”
he adds. “Don’t shoot this thing from the Aero-Rig, either - you’re not ready for that. It’ll
blow you off the frickin’ platform. If you gotta go up, drop the cannon - “ he’s pulling a
number of smaller ion blasters from the armory and slotting them into a series of holsters,
which he winds around her hips and buckles himself “ - an’ use these.”

She watches him fucking dress her, hands rucked up under the edge of her sweatshirt, and
tries not to think about - anything, really. Mind and face: completely blank. When she glances
down at him, his eyes are half-lidded and implacable, too.

“Can’t I just use the blasters, then?”

He looks up at her witheringly. “The blasters are a last resort, f’you need to buy yourself time
to get away. They’re barely gonna tickle anything the size of a abilisk.”

Jolie tries to remind herself that this is, like, Rocket’s way of showing he cares. He’s trying to
look out for her. Unfortunately, the amount of time he needs to spend making sure she can
protect herself and not, like, blow half the ship up is disheartening.

She hates feeling incompetent. Almost as much as she hates him thinking she’s incompetent.

Her mind is suddenly crowded with all the insecurity she’s felt since the Guardians-thing had
started becoming more or less a full-time gig. She’s had other things to occupy her brain
these last two cycles - namely, trying to spit the story of her sister out like so many dried-up
flowers at Rocket’s feet. Free of that for the time being and focused on the fight at hand, the
sense of uselessness lurches back into the forefront of her thoughts like it’s just been biding
its time.

“So what’re you gonna do if everything goes tits-up?”

She rolls her eyes. “Drop the cannon, take to the air, and flee like a child.”

“You say it like it’s stupid, but it’s not stupid,” he snaps. “Get to frickin’ safety. And use your
blasters if you need to. Aim for whatever looks vulnerable. Eyes, if they have ‘em. Existing
wounds.”

She softens. She’s more frustrated with herself and this level of hand-holding she apparently
needs than anything else, and she knows that’s not his fault. She sighs, resigned and penitent.

“Thank you for looking out for me, Rocket.”

And she is thankful. Of course she is. A few dozen cycles ago he’d been swiping her
weapons from under her bed, and now he’s loading her up with an arsenal.

“You’re welcome,” he mutters, suddenly looking flustered. “Now I gotta go set up some
speakers.” He turns on his heel and heads off the ship while Jolie adjusts her grip on the
heavy cannon and sighs. Gamora’s huffing a soft little breath of laughter, like the whole thing
is entertaining, and Jolie elbows her friend in the side as they follow a few strides behind her
copilot.

“Rude,” she scolds the Zen-Whoberian. “I’m doing my best.”
“Oh, please,” Gamora says, grinning a little. “You’re doing fine. It’s just good to see Rocket,
of all people, trying to be nice.” She shakes her head.

Jolie shrugs. “I mean, I too am grateful he’d rather not see me splattered over the side of the
ship,” she says drily.

Gamora’s audibly chuckling now - a sound Jolie doesn’t think she’s heard before - and
shaking her head like this is all very amusing.

By the time they get to the platform, staring at the skies, Rocket has an external sound system
almost fully functional. Quill is fussing about while Groot tries to wrangle a live orloni. Jolie
weighs the twelve-barrel autocannon in her hands, arms already aching.

Rocket pauses in his work. “Jo!” he calls, and she recognizes a test when she hears one.
“Show me how you shoot that cannon.”

She drops immediately, bending her knees and lifting the enormous firearm, readjusting her
center of gravity.

He runs his gaze over her posture, eyes half-lidded, and finally clicks his tongue in approval
and turns back to the speakers, and Jolie tries to ignore the quiver that runs through her at that
look.

Goddammit, girl. Get your shit together.

“Showtime, a-holes,” Pete says, eyes on the sky. “It’s gonna be here any minute.”

“Which will be its last,” Gamora adds, examining her own Rocket-original firearm.

Pete notices, and his face falls. “I thought your thing was a sword.”

“We’ve been hired to stop an interdimensional beast from feeding on those batteries and I’m
going to stop it with only a sword?”

“It’s just that everyone is using guns lately,” he pouts, “and that used to be my thing.”

“Jesus Christ, Pete,” Jolie mutters, searching the sky. She feels weird about killing a creature
just because it wants a snack, but this is for Gamora’s sister. She grimaces. What’s my thing,
then? she thinks. Just - paintbrushes, probably.

Her ribs quiver with unease.

“I mean, I guess we can all do guns now. I just didn’t know we were doing that.”

“Grow up, Quill. ‘Guns are my thing,’” Rocket mimics. “Guns are my thing, and I wanted to
give a few to Gams and Jo. Get over it.”

“I’m over it!” Pete protests. “I’m over it.”
“Drax, why aren’t you wearing one of Rocket’s Aero-Rigs?” Gamora’s asking, ignoring
Pete’s antics.

The Kylosian shifts uncomfortably. “It hurts.”

Jolie winces and glances over at him again. “Maybe there are some adjustments…?”

“I have sensitive nipples,” Drax replies morosely.

Rocket’s immediately cackling. “My nipples hurt! Oh goodness me!”

Welp, there’s a solution for that, and Jolie suspects Drax isn’t too shy to wear pasties if she
can figure out how to make him some. Not that it’ll matter for today.

Drax’s brow folds as he glowers at Rocket, but he looks more like a wounded puppy than an
angry Destroyer. “What about him? What’s he doing?” he asks Gamora defensively, jutting
his chin toward Rocket.

Rocket gestures to the loudspeakers. “I’m finishin’ this so we can listen to tunes while we
work!”

“How’s that important?” Drax demands indignantly.

“Blame Quill! He’s the one who loves music so much!”

Jolie snorts and Rocket shoots her a dirty glare, pointing a clawed finger at her.

“Don’t frickin’ start with me, princess.”

She presses her lips together, not bothering to really hide her smile. At least he’s talking
again, cracking jokes.

“Uh, I actually agree with Drax on this,” Pete pipes up. “That’s not really important right
now.”

“Oh, okay, sure, Quill,” Rocket responds, giving the man one of his ludicrously over-the-top
winks.

“No, seriously. I side with Drax.”

“Oh, Rocket’s not hurting anything,” Jolie interjects, rolling her eyes. Choose your battles,
she thinks at Pete with a pointed glance. “It’s not like he’s not gonna notice when the abilisk
shows up.”

“Yeah, I’m not hurting anything,” Rocket echoes smugly, casting a smirk in Pete’s direction.
“It’s not like I’m not gonna notice when the abilisk shows up.”

Her fellow Terran looks so annoyed that she can’t resist needling him further. And besides,
since when did music become something to be rationed?
“Thank you for trying to make this a better experience for us all, Rocket,” she says sweetly,
arching one brow at her brother in a challenge. Gamora’s rolling her eyes at all of them now,
and Drax looks perturbed by the entire exchange.

“Why, you’re welcome, Jo,” her copilot snickers, looking enormously pleased with himself
and the entire situation. “At least someone in this damn crew has some gratitude,” he adds,
and casts a mocking glare at each of their teammates in turn. Unfortunately for him, he’s
almost immediately distracted by Groot tangling with a live orloni. Jolie cringes at how
violently the little guy is wrangling this completely innocent creature, and even Rocket
flinches.

“I am Groot!” Groot defends.

Rocket slides easily into his patented brand of dad-mode - tough-guy exterior with the softest
heart in the galaxy - and intervenes. “They were not looking at you funny!” he scolds Groot,
and it charms her utterly.

It’s at that moment that the abilisk plummets from the stars. It is, as Rocket had guessed days
ago, “all tentacles and teeth.”

“Well, that’s intense,” he deadpans.

Jolie drops into the stance Rocket had just demanded she practice, and lifts the sight on the
plasma cannon, training it on the abilisk right as it hits the dais.

The fight is surprisingly quick - probably only the length of Mr Blue Sky, though Drax is
thrown into the speakers before the song reaches its conclusion. They’re all trying to keep
half an eye on Groot as they go. If Jolie’s being honest, she’s keeping the other half on
Rocket, who is fucking impeccable as usual.

The hide of the abilisk is so thick that the plasma cannon is only an annoyance to it, but while
Rocket and Pete distract the abilisk from above, she manages to shield Gamora from at least
two lashing tentacles so the Zen-Whoberian can leap up to slice her godsword into the open
wound on the creature’s neck.

To be honest, Gamora probably would’ve been fine without her help, but Jolie tries to hold
onto the fantasy of being at all helpful for as long as she can. She steps back and shelters
Groot with one foot and ankle while the abilisk’s innards spill out across the dais in a flood of
vitreous fluid and one stray Drax, who is already crowing about his supposed victory despite
still having guts dripping off his face.

And probably still somehow more useful than she’s been in all of this.

“I am Groot,” Groot says, making a face and then looking up at her.

She lowers the cannon and reaches for the little guy, letting him perch on her shoulder as they
begin cleaning up their weapons and themselves as well as they can.
  She’ll ask Rocket for extra training, she decides. He’ll be absolutely smug at the request, but
  that’s never bothered her. Besides, she’d do pretty much anything to contribute more in these
  fights.

  She balances her own firearm carefully against her opposite shoulder, then collects Rocket’s
  rotary autoblaster and Gamora’s laser cannon, carrying them into the ship and locking them
  up in the armory. On her way out, she pauses and backtracks to snatch a towel for Drax.
  When she tosses it to him after emerging, the Kylosian catches it and nods gratefully, wiping
  away gobs of the sticky yellow fluid.

  Groot makes a gagging noise.

  “None of that now,” Jolie murmurs, patting the little Flora Colossus. “At least not on my
  shirt, if you can help it.”

  She rolls her shoulders, her eyes running one last check over her little family to make sure
  they’re okay. Rocket’s back to being weird, studiously avoiding her gaze, and she makes a
  mental note to try and cajole him into sharing whatever’s troubling him. This evening,
  maybe.

  In bed.

  Completely - completely platonically, of course.

  “Let’s go,” Pete says, adjusting his own shoulders and grinning at the group as they leave the
  platform and head into their first in-person audience with the Sovereign leadership. “And be
  careful what you say around these folks. They’re easily offended, and the cost of
  transgression is death.”




Chapter End Notes



    i really loved this chapter the first ten times i read it and now, on final edits, i am
    uncertain. it feels clunky? i apologize if it reads that way.
    also i tried really hard to learn about glycosylated salts and beta-microseminoproteins so
    i could at least extrapolate semi-believably on rocket's explanation of why the rapid-
    evolution chambers weren't working BUT guess what. i don't understand it. i do
    understand basic psychiatric pharmacology though so that's what we're going with ᕕ( ᐛ
    )ᕗ i also think i need to rewrite a chunk of the post-ego section of this fanfiction, which
    might create a gap in posting later on - but i will do my best to post at least 2-3 times a
    month!

    Coming Soon: Chapter XVII. Run.
    in which Rocket falls victim to his superstitions.
                                       Chapter 16: Run.
Chapter Summary



      in which Rocket falls victim to his superstitions.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   It’s not like Rocket had really meant to steal the batteries.

   Sure, he’d thought about it. Fantasized from the moment they were mentioned: selling some,
   and pocketing a few others to screw around with. And yeah, sure, maybe the minute he’d
   seen the dais on Sovereign, he’d started calculating how he could get his hands on them and
   sneak them away without Quill or Gamora or Jo noticing.

   But that was just how his brain worked. It didn’t mean anything. It wasn’t packed with any
   real intention.

   Then the opportunity had just… opened up in front of him. Blossomed, really. A perfect
   moment of distraction, while Jo had been taking the big guns back to the ship with Groot,
   Drax and Quill were bickering, and Gamora was cleaning her godsword.

   Even then, it wasn’t so much that he wanted them - though he did. It was more that - since
   the moment he’d fuckin’ opened his eyes this morning - he’d been thinking about the night
   before, and the terrifying frickin’ togetherness of those hours in the common room. This
   morning, Jo had asked him - between the hangover-breakfast she’d cooked up and him
   forcing her to practice aiming the plasma blaster - if he was feeling all right. He’d blamed it
   on too much blubber ale the night before, but that hadn’t been the reason for his sudden
   distance at all - and he fuckin’ knows it.

   It’s just that everything had become so comfortable. At the beginning of this trip to
   Sovereign, Dumbass Quill had made Rocket feel like he could really bring something to this
   stupid ragtag bunch of so-called heroes. And then Jo had whispered to him - you take such
   good care of me - as if she hadn’t been the one to drag him out of the Eclector and peel him
   off the streets of Conjunction, as if she hadn’t shared her entire frickin’ life with him and
   slept on the floor of his bunk and knelt in the glass and the grit for him, and then painted a
   picture of him like she didn’t see anything ugly in him at all.

   As if he wasn’t gonna replay those words in his mind later, while imagining himself buried
   between her legs.

   Oh, I’ll take good care of you, sweetheart. Promise.
He’d woken up this morning and remembered the way he felt the night before: surrounded by
the Guardians, laughing and sharing greenwine and blubber ale, gambling stupid amounts of
units that he’d promptly lost and had no intention of paying up, and looking over every other
moment to see Jo playing with Groot in some stupidly domestic scene. She’d glanced up at
Rocket every time - as if she’d felt his eyes on her. And for each caught stare, she’d give him
a little smile that had made his booze-filled belly even warmer than the ale.

Then Drax would say something stupid, or Quill would complain, or Gamora would make
some dry observation that had Rocket cackling, and he’d felt like he was home.

He remembered tucking his palm in tight to Jo’s inner thigh and pressing the side of his face
against her hip, breathing in the sent of her, and being so fuckin’ happy. He’d convinced
himself he could keep her.

He’d convinced himself he could maybe have it all.

It really is good to have friends.

It was like a curse, right? He’d looked down at the batteries and he’d thought of all the good
things he’d had in his hands for the last few cycles, and he’d heard Lylla’s voice like a ghost
ruffling his fur.

And he’d just known he had to fuck it up as fast as possible.

Needed to.

He doesn’t feel an ounce of regret, either - not till the Sovereign are on their asses and Jo is
half-bent over the flight controls, cursing as she tries to maneuver the Gemma Lynn/Milano
between Sovereign blasters.

“Why are they doing this?” she mutters anxiously.

“Probably ‘cause Rocket stole some of their batteries,” Drax replies immediately from where
he’s standing on the bridge.

Rocket can feel every head in the cockpit whip toward him.

“Dude!” he protests, turning to stare at Drax with his best what-the-actual-fuck expression.

“Right,” Drax says after a beat. “He didn’t steal some of those. What a mystery this is.”

Jolie’s spinning the yoke as far as she can to the right, hitting buttons, pressing up on the
thrusters as hard as she can. She doesn’t look at him again but he can see her brow is
furrowed and her lips are pursed and he’s not sure it’s just because she’s concentrating.

“What were you thinking?” Quill’s demanding.

I was thinking I gotta get out of here, Rocket considers saying. I was thinking that this whole
guardians-gang thing ain’t meant for me.
You could figure out the complex workings of cytoplasmic filtration systems, but you couldn't
figure out that?

“Dude, they were really easy to steal!” he defends instead.

“Rocket,” Gamora’s saying flatly, and she sounds almost disappointed.

Get used to it, he thinks. Or get out while you still can.

Aloud, he only snaps back, “Come on! You saw how that High Priestess talked down to us!
I’m just teaching her a lesson!”

“Uh, guys?” Jo interjects. “We’ve got more incoming.”

“Ohhh!” Quill’s almost snarling at him. “I didn’t realize you were just being altruistic. Too
bad the Soveriegn are mistaking your pure intentions!”

Fuck Quill, anyway. “Exactly,” Rocket snaps back while the ship dips and dodges.

“Guys!”

“I was being sarcastic!” Quill practically shrieks with frustration, and Rocket rolls his eyes.

“Oh, no,” he drawls laconically, watching Jo from the corner of his eye and reaching out to
adjust the corresponding controls, then pull up the trigger mechanisms for both the Gemma
Lynn’s artillery and the Milano’s guns. Having the ships docked together doesn’t make for
easier maneuvering, but it does offer a lot more opportunities for weaponry. “You’re
supposed to use a sarcastic voice. Now I look foolish.”

“Guys!” Jo yells, and he startles because it might be the first time she’s used a raised voice
like that. “Please - I’m desperate here!”

“Please put your bickering on hold so our pilot can get us out of here,” Gamora adds sternly.

“That’s fine,” Rocket snipes. “I feel like killing some guys anyway.” He’s pulling the trigger
mechanisms with something he hopes looks like gleeful abandon, but feels more like
drowning himself in firepower. He’s able to pick off dozens immediately, but the Sovereign
have enough numbers that the Gemma Lynn/Milano takes damage anyway.

“I’m gonna try to shield the Milano as much as possible,” Jo’s saying, and her voice sounds
strained. “If things go sideways, you guys need to get down there and undock.”

Rocket’s head whips toward hers and Quill’s already protesting.

“There’s no way we’re - “

“The Milano’s built for speed and maneuverability,” Jo interrupts. “You’ll have a better
chance in her than you would in even just the Gemma Lynn alone. And together - “ She
grimaces. “We’re a big target. But I’m gonna do my best to keep us together. I’m not, like,
trying to die.”
Rocket’s blood runs cold and he squeezes the trigger mechanisms with some extra rage, all
directed at himself.

Impulsive frickin’ idiot.

Jo’s got her eyes locked on the stars ahead, flicking over to her other screens as needed.
“Gamora, where are we going?”

“Berhert,” Gamora directs, adding the flight path coordinates to the console. “There’s only
one jump, but the access point is 47 clicks away. And - “

They come up on it fast: a quantum asteroid field.

He can hear Jo grit her teeth.

“You’d have to be the best pilot in the universe,” Drax says, in something like awe.

Jo turns to Rocket, and her eyes are steely and desperate. He knows he’s not gonna like
whatever comes out of her mouth next.

“Take the Mil-“

“It’s your lucky day,” Rocket interrupts before she can say another word to piss him off, and
flips the flight controls over to himself and the artillery to Jo. “‘Cause I am the best pilot in
the universe.”

“Lucky would’ve been you not stealing shit from our employers in the first place!” Quill’s
voice is so frickin’ shrill.

“Oh, shut up, Drama Queen,” Rocket mutters, punching the thrusters. “We’ll be fine. I was
cybernetically-engineered to pilot spacecraft.”

“You were cybernetically-engineered to be a douchebag!”

“Enough!” Gamora yells, but Rocket’s already pissed. He’s starting to remember why he
never liked Quill in the first place. He’s about to tell Star-Brat that he’s gonna leave one of
Drax’s enormous shits inside the Terran’s pillow that night, but the ship jolts from a direct hit
and he can hear Nebula bellowing from the hold. Rocket zips between asteroids and
obstacles, as flawlessly as the bigger ship can manage. Jo’s right - the M-ship would be better
for this - but he’s not leaving the Gemma Lynn behind and he’s definitely not leaving Jo.

The goal had been for her to leave him.

For all of them to just… go.

“We’ve still got a Sovereign craft behind us,” Gamora’s saying as another jolt rocks the ship.

Jo curses. “Weapons are down.”
Drax turns on his heel and stalks off the bridge, and Rocket leans forward on the thrusters.
“Twenty clicks till the jump,” he says. “We’re almost there. Hang on to your panties.”

They spiral through the asteroid field, and he can’t help but clip a few with the size of the
Gemma Lynn/Milano - but overall, he’s doing better than even he’d expected.

“Ten clicks,” Gamora says.

“Drax must’ve got the guy on our tail,” Jolie’s saying, her voice still tense. “We’re clear - at
least till they send another fleet.”

“Five,” Gamora says.

Rocket yanks on the throttle, brought up short as they exit the field and find themselves
flanked by fields of golden fighter-pods. “Dammit.”

“They went around,” Jo breathes, and she sounds horrified.

“What is that?” Rocket asks, narrowing his eyes on what appears to be the tiny figure of a
man riding some weird, egg-shaped spacecraft.

And then, in a series of brilliant flares, the Sovereign craft are pulverized.

Rocket doesn’t wait. He hits the thrusters again, hard.

“One click!” Gamora’s yelling.

“There’s a…there’s a guy on top of that spaceship,” Jo says blankly, and Rocket’s eyes jerk
toward her even as Quill yells, “Who cares? Hit the jump! Go!”

“Oh my god,” Gamora gasps, turning in her heel and heading off the bridge in a rush. “Drax
is still out the back airlock!”

“Groot!” Jo’s shouting. “Get your seatbelt on, bud!”

They hit the treeline first, then burrow through the forest. Rocket feels his metal collarbone
jolt as he’s thrown against the seatbelt. From the corner of his eye, he sees Jo’s head jerk
forward, hair unspooling from its fastener like a banner as the ship slams into the ground.

They slide for a moment, creating a furrow in the rocks and soil and trees, and then grind to a
halt. Jo’s already climbing out of her seat, reaching for Groot, then running her eyes over
Rocket too. There’s a cut on her cheek and another on her collarbone, and he suspects she’ll
be bruised later, but neither she nor Groot seem otherwise injured.

By the time they’re all out of the ship and accounted for, Rocket can see that both ships are
essentially destroyed. They might’ve survived the asteroid field, or the first fleet of Sovereign
ships, or the crash-landing - but not all three, not with the Gemma Lynn’s limitations.

Well. He’d known he was gonna fuck it all up, but he hadn’t expected it to be this bad. He
hadn’t expected to ruin both ships and get stuck on the same goddamn planet together. He can
fix the Gemma Lynn/Milano, but it’s gonna take time, and they might not ever be the same.

Fixing the rest of this mess is another story.

“I can’t believe you!” Quill’s already jumping down his throat. “Why the hell did you have to
steal those freaking batteries?! Rocket, you almost killed us!”

Guilt wrenches his gut - sky - and so naturally, Rocket immediately goes on the defensive. “I
saved us,” he snarls. “You wanna know why I stole the batteries, Star-Munch? Huh? Because
I wanted to.”

“Rocket?” someone says softly.

“What?” he roars, whirling on Jo before he thinks better of it.

Shit. He tries to reel himself in.

Her face is just worried though. “What is going on? Are you…okay?”

He can tell she doesn’t mean physically, and he bares his teeth. Fuck reeling himself in, and
fuck holding back.

“I’m fine! And shouldn’t we be more concerned about the little man who blew up fifty
ships?”

“Little man?” Drax asks curiously. “How little?”

Rocket pauses, then gestures. “Well, I don’t know - like this?” He squints and holds up his
fingers, trying to estimate the size.

“A one-inch man saved us?” Gamora asks skeptically, her eyes darting from Rocket to Jo.

“He was just far away,” his copilot interjects.

“Yeah, I’m sure if he got closer, he’d be much larger,” Rocket agrees reasonably.

Quill is seething. “That’s just how eyesight works, you stupid raccoon!”

“Hey!” Jo snaps, her eyes flaring, but Rocket’s been waiting for it.

This frickin’ asshole.

“Don’t call me a raccoon!”

“You said Jolie called you a raccoon when she first met you! And you don’t seem to care
about that!”

“Well, she wasn’t bein’ a frickin’ dick about it!”

He doesn’t remember telling Quill that story but maybe he’d stupidly shared it while drunk
last night. Besides, the way Jo had said it… it had almost sounded like an endearment. Not
like she really thinks he’s some sort of frickin’ animal.

“Oh, it’s okay when it’s from the girl you’re trying to bone - “

“Pete!”

Rocket’s vision goes crackling red-hot, and his claws cut into his palms.

“- but not when it comes from one of the other people who you almost murdered!”

“Oh, I’m gonna murder you.” Rocket lunges, and then Drax is diving forward to pluck him
up by the back of his jumpsuit, holding him back.

“Stop this!” Gamora is shouting, and Jo is just standing there, looking so frickin’ concerned,
like she thinks this is out-of-character or something.

This is me, doll.

“I’m done with all of you!”

She flinches, and he snarls in her direction, telling himself that he doesn’t give a shit anyway.

“Someone followed you through the jump point,” Nebula observes flatly. Drax drops Rocket
and he immediately darts away before dropping into a defensive stance, eyes searching the
sky.

“I bet it’s the one-inch man,” Drax says excitedly.

++++

Rocket can see right through this guy. Blah blah, Quill’s dad, blah blah, hired Yondu. Dead
mom, easier for thievin’, come visit my stupid home out past the edge of what’s known, and
yeah, I said it like that because I’m a smarmy fuckin’ dickhead.

It’s so boringly predictable. And with a name like Ego, this guy’s definitely a bonafide
narcissistical douchebag.

Rocket figures it takes one to know one.

“Your associates are welcome. Even that triangle-faced monkey there.”

Rocket bares his teeth until the eyes are off him, then half-turns away to tentatively feel the
shape of his nose. Too late, he notices Jo’s still watching him with those big, stricken eyes of
hers.

He drops his hands immediately and his ears droop against his will. He keeps telling himself
that he doesn’t regret anything from earlier, but the closer they get to the time they’d
normally go to bed, the more tense he becomes.

It’s not guilt, he tells himself. It’s not.
Honestly, he’s doing them all a favor.

I left Terra like an animal chewing off its leg to get out of a trap, Jo had said - and he knows
that feeling very well indeed. The frenzied self-mutilation, the collateral damage he never
thinks about till it’s a little too late. He’s getting out of this, even if it means leaving parts of
himself behind.

He’s tired.

Quill’s crooked dad is still droning on and on, relentlessly. “I promise you, it’s unlike any
other place you’ve ever seen. And there, I can explain your very special heritage - and finally
get to be the father I’ve always wanted to be.” Ego pauses, stands, adjusts himself. “Excuse
me. I’ve gotta take a whiz.”

What a frickin’ tool.

Quill mutters something while Rocket pokes at the fire, and Gamora responds, and Jolie
pipes up with something else. All three of them rise up and head toward the trees, and Rocket
watches them go. It's what he wanted, after all.

His insides feel like they’ve been tied in knots. He leans forward, trying to distract himself by
cleaning his paws. The greasy scent of their campfire-cooked dinner is still clinging to his fur
and the pads of his fingers, and no, he don’t feel guilty at all -

His instincts buzz and he whirls, snapping his jaws at the foreign hand entering his personal
space. It’s the Bug Lady - a complete fuckin’ stranger, trying to fuckin’ pet him.

Drax is roaring with laughter, and then the Bug Lady starts giggling too, and Rocket glares.

Yeah, fuck ‘em all.

He picks up Groot. “C’mon, kid. Let’s get the hell outta here.”

“I am Groot?”

“She’s off with her new best friends. And I told you not to call her that.”

“I am Groot.”

“I dunno, kid.” He hesitates, heading into what’s left of the Gemma Lynn to see how badly
their bunk has been damaged. “Don’t worry. You’re her favorite, right? I’m sure she’ll be
back to see you soon.”

“I am Groot.”

The bunk is more or less intact, though shit has been knocked around and a bunch of the
more delicate gadgets he’s been working on have been damaged. He thinks about checking
the other rooms and decides he doesn’t much give a fuck about any of the others, though he
does take a quick peek into the bunk Jo’s been using as a studio. He cringes at the sight when
the door slides open - he’d forgotten about the volumes of books she’d been working on, and
they’re scattered and sprawled about the room. Her paints and glues have mostly remained
resilient but there’s a damaged canvas in one corner and some vials of metallic powders that
have cracked and broken, and what looks like an ink stain spreading in one corner.

Some of the datapads and projectors she uses have clearly been broken in either the fight or
the crash.

He hesitates, his stomach suddenly in his throat. Then he backs out, shaking his head, trying
to dislodge the knot in his gut as he closes the door.

“I am Groot?”

“It’ll be fine,” Rocket tells the Flora Colossus dubiously. “We can fix most of that. Or
replace ‘em.”

“I am Groot.”

“Uhm. Yeah. Didn’t I tell you to stop calling me that, though?” He feels his voice get quiet,
almost against his will. “Your real dad… he was…better.” Rocket feels his ears fall, and he
sighs. “He was better’n me and I wish he could be here for you.”

“I am Groot?”

“I ain’t a good storyteller, kid.”

“I am Groot?”

“Uh. I don’t know any of the Kevin Bacon ones.”

“I am Groot.”

“I don’t - just don’t call her that. Let’s go get your teeth brushed.”

They do, and soon he’s tucking Groot into his little bunk.

“I am Groot?”

Rocket sighs tiredly and presses his thumb and forefingers into his orbital sockets. “Fine.
Okay. Just this once. Uh, let’s see. Your dad and I were on Xandar, and these Ravagers found
us. They wanted the bounties that were out on us both. And in addition to bein’ Ravagers,
they were also frickin’ morons, and they tried to take us out…”

The little guy’s eyes droop sleepily as Rocket recounts the fight with the Yondu clan on
Xandar. Rocket’s getting into it more and more with each increasingly-gleeful word: the
wounded Ravagers, the wanton property damage, Rocket’s own exceptional genius on the
battlefield.

And then, a stroke of luck for the pirates: the distraction, the one electric bola that Rocket
hadn’t been able to dodge, the shock to his nervous system, the bag over his head. Waking up
in the cage. Brutally mocking any Ravager who got within his line of sight until they’d
moved him to a usually-unfrequented cargo hold, only stopping in to give him fuckin’ animal
feed and water once a day.

“Have you ever had pellets, Groot? They’re frickin’ disgusting.”

His plan to escape, taking shape over the days. And then -

“She was walking behind this big frickin’ moron named - if you can believe it - Taserface.”

Groot chortles sleepily.”I am Groot!”

“Yeah, don’t worry, I made him regret that decision. Anyway, he’s striding in, clearly trying
to f - uh, to impress her. But you know Jo. She was way too smart for that shit. I think I felt it,
the minute she got her eyes on me. She just veered right off the path he was leading her on
without even breakin’ stride, like she had always meant to come to me.”

“I am Groot?”

Prettiest thing I ever saw, Rocket almost replies.

“I dunno, Groot. I remember thinkin’ she had stupid hair.”

“I am Groot?”

“Exactly! I kept waiting for her to get sucked into a turbine!”

“I am Groot.”

“Yeah. Yeah. It was.”

“Hey.”

The word floats through the open door. Rocket looks up sharply as Groot rolls over on his
little bed, peering around the side of the honeycomb-shelf.

“I am Groot!”

She smiles wanly and comes over to kneel beside Rocket, reaching out a gentle finger to the
tiny tree. He clutches it with both of his small hands. “Hey, Sprout. Was Rocket telling you a
story?”

“I am Groot. I am Groot.”

“Oh yeah? Are you sleepy enough to rest now?”

“I am Groot.” The kid snuggles down into the soft little blankets Jo had made from carefully-
cut squares of one of her Terran shirts. She’d stitched in little leaves made of green thread all
over the soft black fabric, and little gold knots she called fireflies. They remind Rocket of the
glowing spores that the elder Groot had used to light their path in the darkness, and he knows
that’s exactly what Jo had intended.
“Good night, little one.” She bends over and presses a kiss to Groot’s tiny forehead, and
Rocket feels his heart twist sideways in his chest.

“‘Night, Groot,” he rasps.

She’s already looking at Rocket. Her voice is low and quiet, in deference to the little Flora
Colossus, who’s already blinking slowly. “We should talk.”

Rocket feels his twisted, fucked-up, shriveled little heart drop like the stone it is. She must
see something in his face, because she rushes to explain.

“I just want to tell you what we talked about while you were gone,” she says quickly. Her
hand reaches for him, then hesitates and draws back, like she’s not certain he’ll tolerate her
touch right now.

Good thing she hadn’t seen him nearly bite off the Bug Lady’s hand. She’d be even more
skittish. Still, he has no-one to blame but himself.

She rises and moves to the bunk, perching on the edge of the shelf-bed in the glow of the
dimmed plasma orbs.

He hangs back.

“Pete and Gamora are leaving for a rotation or two with Mantis and Ego tomorrow. Drax will
go with them - just to be safe,” she murmurs, her eyes shifting from Rocket to Groot’s bunk,
and back. “They want you to stay and work on the ship. I told them I’d ask you what you
wanted to do.”

He snorts softly. “Bet Quill had things to say about that,” he sneers under his breath.

So it’s okay when it comes from a girl you want to bone?

Fuck Quill. Rocket wants to kill him all over again.

Jo just watches him measuringly. “What Pete says doesn’t matter,” she says quietly. “What do
you want to do, Rocket?”

Run.

He makes a derisive sound. “Left behind to do grunt work - as per frickin’ usual. Whatever. I
don’t frickin’ care. You wanna take Groot with you or leave him here with me?”

She blinks. “Oh, I’m not - I wasn’t planning on going anywhere.” She winces, then offers up
a tentatively-teasing smile. “Unless this is your uncharacteristically-polite way of telling me
to fuck off for a few days. You can get a couple nights of sleep without me crowding you out
of the bunk.”

It’s his turn to blink. He couldn’t have understood correctly. “You went off with ‘em. Earlier.
Into the woods.”
Something shifts in her expression and she looks…well, pretty close to furious.

Because you almost fucking got us killed! he imagines her snarling.

“Yeah,” she says flatly. “Fucking - sorry, just - Pete. I needed to get him alone - or as close to
it as possible - for a minute.”

His gut clenches. “Why?”

She rolls her eyes. “Because I didn’t like what he said to you. I know he was angry and you
know what? That’s fair. But it doesn’t give him the right to do that. He’s such a jerk
sometimes.”

Rocket has now decided he has no frickin’ clue what’s going on. “What’d you say to him?”

She gets really quiet and her eyes slide away - a little anxious, he thinks. “I told him I knew
he’d been scared for all of us today, and that he must be going through a lot right now with
his dad suddenly showing up and throwing all of this bullshit at him. And that I want to be
there for him, but - “

Rocket can feel his heart harden, right where it’s settled in the pit of his stomach. Fine, he
thinks.

She pauses fully, and he can read nervousness on her face in the dim light. She twists her
hands together in her lap.

“- but if he ever tries to use me to make you uncomfortable again, he better have plans to
undock the Milano in minutes, because I’ll be done with him.”

Rocket stares at her. He can’t possibly have heard that right. Done? With the only Terran out
here? The adopted brother who’s been with her, in some capacity, throughout most of the
years she’d spent searching for her sister in space, and after?

Between this conversation and his own frickin’ assumptions, he’s getting whiplash.

She looks down at her twisting hands, sighs, and lays her palms flat against her thighs.

“Rocket-my-love,” she says softly. “What’s going on?”

Why were you so fucking reckless? Why did you try to get us killed?

He shrugs. “Nothin’. I’m just sick of Quill showing up on my frickin’ ship, insulting me, and
actin’ like he can tell me what to do.”

She doesn’t take the bait. Not about the Gemma Lynn, and not about Quill.

She tilts her head consideringly, gaze solemn. There’s a long silence, and when she speaks,
her voice is the gentlest little Krylorian dawn-dove he’s ever heard.

“I haven’t forgotten what you said the night you got back from the Kyln.”
I get all my friends killed.

He hadn’t ever got that far in their shared story-telling, hadn’t repeated that awful truth to her
in the dark. But she’d remembered. Of course she had.

Everything slows down. He can feel his lip curl back in a snarl he’d never intended to give.

“I did warn you,” he hisses venomously. “Who’s the dumbass for hangin’ around?”

She watches him. Her shoulders are as still and tense as they were when he’d raged at her, the
night before they’d reached Conjunction.

Good.

He makes a show of not caring that she’s watching when he starts unbuckling his jumpsuit.
He can tell the minute she averts her eyes, but she doesn’t move. Heart thudding - with rage,
with something close to panic - he changes into sleep clothes. It’s the first time since
Knowhere - if that even counts - that he’s let her see his scars and prosthetics like this. Or
would’ve, if she’d fuckin’ look at him.

Look at me! he wants to bellow at her. That first day, when he’d been stuck in the fuckin’
Ravager cage, she could barely take her eyes off him.

Sorry, she’d said when he’d caught her staring. That was fuckin’ rude.

“I’m just wondering if that’s what this is about,” she says quietly. “If something’s coming up
for you, and if…if I can be here for you. Or help. Or anything.”

He doesn’t have anything to say to that, so he just makes a violent sound of disgust and leaps
onto the workbench, then up to his hammock. She turns her eyes back to him, some
expression he can’t identify reflected in her big eyes.

“You’re sleeping up there?”

His heart thuds again, painful against his metal sternum. Swollen. His ribs are too tight.
“Where else would I sleep?” he snarks under his breath, still mindful of Groot.

Not that his fuckin’ attitude has ever stopped Jo.

“With me.”

The words are so simple, so steady, like she never thought of turning him out of their shared
bed. He almost wishes he could stop himself, but once he picks up enough momentum, there
aren’t ever any brakes.

He eyes her witheringly, not sure how much of his flat glare she can read in the half-light. He
fills his voice with derision. “Why the fuck would I do that?”

She meets his gaze steadily in the dim. “Because you want to. And I want you to.”
He casts a quick glance at Groot. The little guy is just starting to make the snuffling little
snores that he does when he hits a deep sleep.

“You think awful highly of yourself, princess.”

She doesn’t flinch, and for the first time, he thinks that maybe her sudden, preternatural
stillness has less to do with her own hurt, this time, and more to do with not wanting to alarm
him.

“Do you want me to take another bunk for tonight?”

Her voice is so frickin’ patient, like she’ll just do whatever he wants, whatever he needs, no
questions asked. He hesitates - just a fraction of an instant. “Groot would lose his mind if he
woke up an’ you weren’t here,” he sneers at last. “Just stay the hell away from me.”

She still doesn’t move, just looking at him and chewing her lip. When she opens her mouth,
he cuts her off.

“Let me frickin’ sleep, you nosy broad.”

She closes her mouth slowly, then rises from the bed to change. She half-turns, but doesn’t
bother to do much else to hide herself, and he finds himself watching through slitted eyes as
she pulls the sweatshirt over her head, then her bra. The line of her back glows in the
dimming half-light of the fading plasma orbs, and he catches the curved side of one breast
before he swallows, hating himself and rolling away. He can hear her finish stripping, folding
up her clothes for the day and tucking them to one side, and sliding onto the shelf-bed.

There’s a long moment of silence, and then he hears her take the little breath that means she’s
about to start talking again.

“I don’t know,” she says, soft and slow, as if she’s choosing each word like a stone from a
riverbed, “if you’re trying to punish yourself - or protect us. But either way…” her voice is so
soft. Her eyes are so soft. “Rocket, you’re going to have to try a lot harder than that to get rid
of me.”

He swallows at the tender threat, hating himself for the words that form in his mind, and
saying them anyway, even as that fuckin’ hole opens wide in his chest and swallows him in.

“The only reason you’re not leaving yet is ‘cause of your sister. It’s frickin’ pathetic.”

It’s like he’s vomited up everything inside him and all that’s left to coat his mouth is the sour-
sick taste of stomach acid. Everything is hollow, and he wants to cut out his own tongue. It
could’ve been worse, he tries to convince himself, tries to draw some meager comfort from
that - comfort he doesn’t deserve. He could’ve said it a lot more cruelly. A few cycles back,
he would’ve.

But he knows it’s unforgivable either way.

As he’d intended.
  He’s not frickin’ stupid. He knows the only thing that’s pathetic here is him: his own need to
  run, to fuck everything up, to make sure that this stupid new family of his leaves him behind
  as soon as possible so nobody gets hurt worse. Not him, and not them.

  Jo is still quiet, though. It’s such a long moment that he steels himself, waiting for it. He
  hopes she just gets mad: yells at him, throws something at him, kicks him out, whatever.

  He doesn’t like to say he’s afraid of anything, but if he were, it would be the possibility that
  she’ll start crying those silent tears that’ll make him feel like a hole’s been blown through his
  chest.

  Again.

  But when she speaks, her voice is mild, and it’s so much worse than he expected.

  He should’ve known it would be.

  “We both know I’d be lying if I said that losing her didn’t matter, or that it doesn’t affect me
  like that,” she admits quietly. There’s not a syllable in her sentence that wobbles or cracks,
  and her hushed voice still manages to be firm and clear. Hurt, but clear. “Rocket, you’re
  worth sticking around for all on your own.” Her teeth catch on her lip. “If I haven’t made that
  clear, then I’m sorry. I’ll make up for it.”

  Rocket says nothing. His mouth tastes like ashes. He punches his claws into his palms, and
  waits in the darkness.

  And waits.

  It takes forever, but eventually, her breathing eases. And he tells himself that he knows he’s
  not cursed. If anyone asks him, he’ll say he’s not superstitious at all. But here’s the truth:

  Rocket will always discard the first bullet in a new case of ammo to ensure better, truer aim.
  He will always keep a clove of Honchi Moon Everbloom tucked in the console of every ship
  he flies, just in case it really does guarantee clear travel and clean reconstitution when
  travelling jump-points. And he will hold on to his cobbled-together key-plate from the cage
  on CounterEarth out of a fear of losing the memories of the people he made it for.

  And no matter how much he tries to convince himself otherwise, he will always believe that
  the people he cares about are doomed to die because of him.



Chapter End Notes



    loves. lovelies. thank you for your patience. i've been working on kinktober stuff and it's
    weird to come back to window which is such a different vibes (slow burn vs fast fast fast
    burn). i do think we're going to likely be moving to every-other-week postings
    (consistently) from now till the end of window as the last chapters still need a lot of
work, and we are entering the final ten(ish). AND i feel like when you i am writing a
slow burn, there's way more pressure to get that first sex scene RIGHT, so i'm feeling a
little insecure! if i end up getting things done faster, though, i will pick up the posting-
pace for you

anyway i love you. i feel like i've been gone from this fic a long time (probably just
because i think it was our first two-week gap BUT STILL). i hope it stands up and that
you're still enjoying the ride ♡♡♡ each of you is one of those tiny cute decorative
pumpkins and i love you ♡

Coming soon (ish?): Chapter XVII. A Seedling. A Fox. A Little Girl.in which the
party is divided.
♡ join me in hell ♡
                     Chapter 17: A Seedling. A Fox. A Little Girl.
Chapter Summary



      in which the party is divided.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Jolie doesn’t let herself think about Rocket’s words. Not tonight. It isn’t even a conscious
   decision: her brain just tucks them neatly away, like it always does with the stuff she can’t
   handle in the moment.

   No worries. She’s sure it’ll come out later.

   Why the fuck would I do that?

   It’s the first time in what must be equivalent to months that Rocket doesn’t end up in bed, his
   soft fur brushing against some part of Jolie’s body.

   It’s fucking weird, and she doesn’t like it.

   How did he go from drunkenly tracing little swirling spirals on her naked abdomen - and
   muttering things that promised to feature large in future fantasies - to this complete absence?
   Her ribs ache and her arms feel empty and the stupid bunk is cold without him. She’d never
   realized how cold it was, before.

   And she’s worried. She’s so, so worried about him.

   She doesn’t sleep well, and she suspects he doesn’t either. When she fully wakes - at least an
   hour earlier than usual - he’s already gone. Last night’s words bubble up in her mind.

   You think awful highly of yourself, princess.

   She’s surprised to find that the comment about Gemma doesn’t sting as much as he’d
   probably meant it to. She knows what her sister means to her - and she knows what Rocket
   means to her. She’ll just have to do a better job of making sure he knows.

   If he ever lets her in again.

   When she can take a moment to talk herself through it slowly, she reminds herself that it was
   all probably just a result of whatever grief and fear had been kicked up for him in the last
   rotation or two. He hasn’t been that vicious with her since the night before Conjunction -
   when he’d thought she was mocking him in some way that had sunk claws into his belly.
These past couple rotations, something has made him feel scared and small, and he’s doing
the only thing he knows how.

But when she isn’t able to talk herself through it directly - when her thoughts wander or she’s
distracted - all she feels is sick and overheated and narrow, skin prickling and stomach
twisting, mouth hot and sour. Dread, prickling under her skin at the nape of her neck.

It’s too easy to believe she’s overestimated their relationship. Too easy to think she’s
overestimated her value. That she’s been arrogant, thinking she could give him anything
worth anything. That he had only been tolerating the inconvenience of her.

This is what a lifetime of conditioning leads to, perhaps, she thinks. Or a pack-animal
survival mechanism – to need people – run amok.

Groot stirs, and she scowls at herself and folds up those thoughts again and packs them away,
using the sleeve of her oversized button down to scrub at her wet cheeks before Groot can
notice them. She waits a bit till he’s fully alert, and then she shuttles him up the ladder to the
level above.

Everybody’s up, but nobody’s making breakfast. Pete sulks on the sofa. Gamora sits at the
bar, hunched over a cup of burnt-smelling coffee. Drax is nowhere to be seen. Nobody’s even
talking.

Jesus Christ.

The better part of her brain wants to be pragmatic. The sleep-deprived part of her brain gets
snippish. The communication issues with these fucking people, it thinks - even knowing she
doesn’t have much room to talk.

But most of her is just awash in that tired, nauseating dread. Unasked, it calls up the memory
of her own family - never particularly loving, though she and Gemma had made a warm little
cocoon for themselves before Jolie had abandoned her sister by the river. If she could keep
her parents happy, then things were easier for her and Gemma - and then she could take care
of her sister, too.

Once Gemma was gone, anticipating everyone’s needs had shifted from unconscious
childhood coping mechanism to the only way to survive for the next six years.

So now, even when she knows this strain in her new little family isn’t her fault - isn’t it? are
you sure? maybe you could’ve done something different; maybe you weren’t paying enough
attention - and doesn’t have to be the end of the world - it definitely is; everything is going to
fall apart now and you’ll have nothing; you just aren’t enough to keep them together or
happy or safe - the visceral panic is still there. It lingers in the back of her throat; thuds
against her temples.

She tries to take in the rest of the scene, swallowing past the swollenness of her tongue and
the numbness in her throat. Rocket is already working on repairs in the primary cargo hold,
currently visible thanks to the absence of the wall that had been sucked out into the
atmosphere through the hole in the back.
Guess that answers the question of whether or not he plans to stay and work on repairs, she
thinks, trying for some sort of levity and failing.

His head is down, and she can see the sullen set of his shoulders. Jolie sets Groot onto the
floor gently, and he gallops over to his adopted father and climbs onto a couple crates next to
Rocket to watch him while he works.

Should she say good morning? Will that just annoy him more? She’s hurt and scared, yes, and
even a little annoyed in her more rational moments. But she reminds herself, again, that all
this is really a result of - probably, mostly - is Rocket being frightened or wounded, and she
doesn’t want him to be alone in that.

Too bad he doesn’t exactly look receptive right now.

She chews her lip, then winces and shakes her head, and tries to distract herself by doing a
quick check on the kitchen cabinets. Most of the dishware is anchored down in the built-in,
padded racks that come standard-issue in ship cabinetry these days, but a few of the plates are
chipped on the edges, and one of the new glasses is cracked down the middle. She tosses the
glass into the compressor. All in all, the damage is less than she’d expected, and most things
are salvageable.

She prays to whatever gods rule the galaxy that it’s some kind of cosmic metaphor. A good
sign. After a hesitation, she bites her lip and then heads to the hold, peering out into the
forest, toward the spaceship Ego left behind.

Rocket doesn’t spare her a glance.

God, her lungs hurt. The space behind her sternum hurts. Her skin hurts, and her fingertips.
Everything. For herself. For him. She gnaws at her lip, drags up her courage.

“Hey,” she whispers, gentle. “Are you - “

The glare he gives her cuts right through the words, and she falls silent in spite of herself,
then turns her eyes back toward the trees of Berhert: empty. Carved out.

She just wants to go back to bed, to be honest. Or curl up in the pilot’s chair and sleep there
like she’d used to, before. She gazes outside, catching sight of Drax just around the corner.
Mantis is talking to him, her eyes wide and curious.

Footsteps echo on the grates from behind - Gamora.

“You’re leaving me in the company of a seedling, a fox, and a little girl?” Nebula hisses at
her sister from where she’s been bound to a bulwark.

“None of them are any of those things,” Gamora says impatiently. She glances at Rocket. “If
she does anything suspicious, shoot her,” she tells him, gesturing toward her sister. She
pauses, reconsidering. “Or if you feel like it.”

Jolie wonders if that’s intended as a kind of peace offering, even though Gamora hasn’t really
been at fault in any of this stupid fight. It sounds like the kind of olive branch her fucking
weird, precious family would come up with. God, they’re so dysfunctional and she loves all
of them so much and she feels like all her bones are turning into splinter and dust, drifting in
zero gravity.

“‘Kay,” Rocket mutters, not looking up. Apparently Gamora is one of the few he’s talking to
this morning.

Jolie closes her eyes and leans against the ragged hole in the hull.

Groot is reaching for the Zen-Whoberian, looking anxious, and Gamora picks him up to let
him cuddle against her cheek.

“It’ll be just a couple of days,” the former assassin says to him. “We’ll be back before
Rocket’s finished fixing the ship.”

Gamora sets Groot down and looks at Jolie, awkwardness written in her usually-stern
features. Jolie grins despite her exhaustion and fear - maybe, in part, because of them - and
reaches for the other woman, pulling her into a hug.

“I know it’s a lot to ask, but keep those two idiots safe, okay?”

She feels Gamora’s arms wrap around her - a little more naturally than last time, a little less
desperate and drowning. More comfortable, if still uncertain. The woman squeezes gently,
clearly a little worried about accidentally breaking one of Jolie’s ribs. Jolie can hear the
tentative smile in Gamora’s voice when she speaks.

“It won’t be easy, but I will do my best.”

For a second, Jolie tries to let herself be reassured by the warmth of her friend’s embrace.

It’s over too soon. Drax turns as Gamora descends the ramp, and Pete enters the cargo hold
from the gaping hole in the common room wall.

“What if the Sovereign come?” Drax asks, and Jolie notices one of Rocket’s ears twitch.

“There’s no way for them to know we’re here,” Pete says irritably. “Let’s go.”

“I am uncertain about parting ways,” Drax admits, his voice reluctant.

“God, you’re like an old woman,” Pete snaps waspishly.

“Because I’m wise?”

“Why did you pack so much luggage?” Gamora interjects, trying to lead the Kylosian down
the ramp and away.

“I don’t want Groot playing with my things,” Drax explains, his voice fading as they stride
toward the other ship.

Pete hesitates, then wraps a quick arm around Jolie’s shoulders.
“I’m sorry,” he mumbles into her hair. “I shouldn’t have said that yesterday.”

She reaches up and pats his hand where it cups her shoulder. “Do it again and I’ll put you out
on the street,” she says sweetly, and then adds, “I’m not the one you need to apologize to, you
know.”

She can feel his arm tighten, almost imperceptibly, and then he bumps his head gently against
hers. “Be careful, sis,” he says, and begins to stride down the ramp, past Rocket, not even
acknowledging him.

She sees Rocket’s ears swivel and his shoulders tense.

“I hope Daddy isn’t as big of a dick as you, Orphan Boy,” her copilot spits.

She winces. Jesus Christ, she thinks again. She’s only been awake for an hour and a half, and
her eyes are aching in their sockets.

Pete freezes and stares down at Rocket, incredulous. “What exactly is your goal here? To get
everybody to hate you? Because it’s working.”

The Terran man spins and continues down the ramp and away, and Rocket’s shoulders and
ears both deflate a bit. Jolie stifles a sigh, and it catches in her throat like a sob.

“I am Groot?” Groot’s voice is tentative.

She winces, and tries to push aside her own catastrophizing so she can reach for things she
knows are small and true. She cups her hands around them and offers them to her sweet
Sprout - pretending to be much more well-balanced than she is, for his sake.

“Everybody fights sometimes,” she tells the Flora Colossus softly. “It doesn’t have to be the
end of things.”

Rocket snorts from where he’s working, which she does her best to ignore for now.

“I am Groot?”

She shrugs, and says steadily, “Pete’s angry. He’s worried. Sometimes when people are angry
and worried, they say stupid things they don’t mean. But I promise you, nobody here hates
Rocket.”

Except maybe Rocket, she thinks, because she knows that’s true, too.

The copilot in question reacts by clicking off the tool he’s using, dropping it with a clatter on
the floor, and walking right off the ship.

Groot looks like he’s about to cry, and that actually pisses Jolie off, but she closes her eyes
again and tries to mark her breaths. That’s a conversation to have later, she tells herself.

With the best friend who currently is not talking to her.
She pinches the bridge of her nose, then climbs up to perch on the crates next to Groot. He
snuggles in against her hip and sniffles.

“Sprout,” she says softly. “This is a family. A real one. That means sometimes, we get angry
with each other, and we accidentally hurt each other. But I don’t think there is any possible
future where we don’t love each other. I think the six of us can always work things out.” She
sucks in a breath, tries to feel the words in her own blood, in the thud of her heart on her
breastbone. “No matter what happens, I want you to know how much you’re loved. Every
single person on this ship adores you, and they always will. When you make mistakes, they’ll
love you. When you make choices they don’t like, they’ll love you. Even when they get mad
at you, they’ll love you. They will always want you in their lives. Do you know that?”

“I am Groot?”

She laughs softly. God, she adores him. “Me? Well, you’ll always be my favorite. And I’ll
always want you in my life too. I promise. No matter what.”

“…I am Groot?” His question is tentative, and her heart breaks.

“Oh, yes,” she whispers back conspiratorially. “He’s my second-favorite, and I’ll always
want him around, too.”

There’s a moment of silence, and then Groot taps her leg.

“I am Groot,” he whispers sadly. She tucks her hand around him and hesitates, trying to step
outside herself, outside the ruin of the Gemma Lynn and the trees of Berhert and the burnt
black coffee and the silent breakfast and her own fears. Trying to find the right words.

She leans into what she knows of Rocket, and what she suspects. She leans into what she
knows of herself, and what she knows of people who are hurting.

“Uhm. Well. I guess - a lot of times, when something scary or bad happens to us, we have to
figure out a way to survive.” She hums, and chews her lip, and looks up at the remains of the
ceiling. “Remember yesterday, when we were being chased by those guys who wanted to kill
us, and Rocket had to fly us through that asteroid field really, really fast?”

“I am Groot. I am Groot!”

She huffs an unexpected laugh, and it clears her throat and her eyes a little. “Yes, he was very
good at it, and yes, you will. But… sometimes, when a person has to fly very fast through an
asteroid field, and it keeps them safe from the people who want to hurt them - sometimes
they think they always have to fly very fast through asteroid fields, even when there’s nobody
chasing them. And that can be…”

“I am Groot.”

“…Yeah.” She sighs, and her vagus nerve trembles and aches behind her sternum. But she’s a
little clearer now, maybe. “It can be dangerous. And they can get hurt.” She shrugs. “We all
do it, in our ways. We learn how to take care of ourselves when things are really bad, and we
don’t know how to stop when things are good.”

“I am Groot?”

Jolie chews her lip and smiles wryly while Groot stares up at her with big eyes.

“Yeah, Sprout. We’ll look out for him.”

“…I am Groot.”

She smiles softly. “I love you back,” she tells him.

There’s a shuffling sound to the left of them, and a clinking, and Nebula says hoarsely, “This
is revolting.”

++++

Jolie doesn’t know how long Rocket is gone. She sets Groot up with some paper and pigment
sticks - something close to crayons or pastels from Terra - on the folding bed in her studio,
and starts picking through her stuff. She needs to figure out how to keep things more secure
in here. It had never been an issue when she’d been on her own: no high-speed chases with
golden drones, no upside-down maneuvering through quantum asteroid fields, no Kylosians
throwing themselves out the airlock with Hadron Enforcers.

She sighs. Even as ill-equipped as she feels for… all of this… she wouldn’t trade her current
chaos for the world. Not if it means giving up this dysfunctional family of hers.

Not if it meant never finding Rocket on the Eclector.

Where is he, anyway?

His absence is starting to make her nervous. She tries not to think, again, of his words in the
bunk, of her own nagging sense of inadequacy. She’s been feeling a little better these last few
hours but every time her mind dances on last night - the emptiness of the bed, and you think
awful highly of yourself, princess - she feels her body physically cringe, like a little moon-
jelly that has been prodded by a predator. Every nerve in her body curls in on itself
convulsively before she shakes her head, shakes her shoulders, and reminds herself to loosen
her jaw.

It’s going to be fine. He was just trying to race through an asteroid field.

She’s pretty sure, anyway.

They can figure this out.

The books she’s been working on are a little ruffled, but it’s nothing she can’t fix. She
supposes that in the future, she should avoid long-term jobs - or at least, taking them with her.
She’s not trying to end up with a collection like this being destroyed. It would be a loss to the
galaxy, it would cost her more units than she could possibly part with, and it would just
generally not be a good look, professionally-speaking.

She cleans up some broken vials of metallic leafing and embossing powders, and a shattered
bottle of ink in the corner. These are easily replaced. Then she sorts through her drawers and
tries to condense, packing things in tightly enough that she thinks they’ll survive anything
that doesn’t blow the bunks apart.

Groot breaks into her thoughts to show her a picture: him, and Rocket, and someone she
assumes is herself based on the enormous shirt and chaotic hair. A number of other figures
around them: a green person, a blue person, a person with blond hair and a red jacket.

She feels her lip curve upward, soft and lopsided and - yeah. They can work this out. They’re
a fuckin’ family, after all. A real one, like she’d said.

“We’ll pin this up once the ship is done,” she tells Groot. “Everyone is going to love it.”

“I am Groot,” he says, so she folds it carefully and slides it in the bag buckled to her thigh.
One by one, he hands her the sticks of pigment she’d given him - so buttery and soft that his
fingers are smeared with color, and now so are hers - and she adds those to the canvas bag as
well.

“Ready for lunch?” she asks him, and he nods.

“I am Groot.”

She gets a snack for herself, some water for Groot, and checks on Nebula. The Luphomoid
cyborg stares at her the whole time, expression unreadable, from where both her wrists are
locked to a bulwark.

“Do you want some water? Or fruit? We’ve got dried orloni, Moraggian seaweed snacks, and
some zargnuts.”

The Luphmoid’s gaze narrows, just slightly, and she doesn’t say a word.

Jolie rolls her eyes and gives Gamora’s sister a lopsided, haphazard grin. “We’re not trying to
starve you here. What do you want?”

“There was a yaro root - “

Jo clicks her tongue regretfully. “The fresh ones? We just picked them up. They’re not ripe. I
can make some rehydrated ones with dinner, though, if you want. Is there something else I
can get you now?”

A long pause stretches between them.

“This is ludicrous,” Nebula says at last.

Jolie shrugs. “Probably. But are you hungry?”
Another long silence.

“…I like orloni.”

“Roger. You want water?”

Nebula’s right eyelid twitches. “Yes.”

Jolie looks at her consideringly. “Do you need anything else? Blanket? Pillow? Bathroom?”
The latter will require some creativity, but Jolie’s confident in her own resourcefulness.

“I need you to free me.”

Jolie tilts her head. “Sorry, babe, but that’s a no-go. I’ll be back in a minute.”

She snags a water bag with a straw - since she suspects Nebula will not take kindly to having
a cup held to her mouth - and a couple sticks of orloni meat, then crouches down across from
the woman. She holds up the meat.

“Sealed,” Jolie explains, so Nebula can see she’s not fucking with her. She peels the
wrapping off the orloni stick and reaches out, putting it in Nebula's restrained hand. The
cyborg hesitates, then leans forward to take a bite.

Jolie holds up the water bag. “Also sealed,” she says, and jabs the straw in. Nebula takes
another bite of the orloni, then cautiously leans forward to take a long sip of water. She
doesn’t take her eyes off Jolie, and she doesn’t blink.

Jolie blows out a breath. Everyone on this ship, she thinks - except Groot, and maybe
sometimes Drax - is a caged animal. Herself included. Jolie can feel the corner of her mouth
twist up into some kind of fucked-up, sad half-grin.

Nebula tenses defensively. “Why are you smiling?”

Yup. Caged animals, every one.

Jolie feels herself go soft. Goddammit. “I smile when I’m sad.” She grins cheerfully. “I know.
It’s fucked.” She shoots an alarmed glance at Groot, who is chasing some kind of bug across
the hold’s grated floor. Oblivious right now - at least as far as she can tell. “I have got to fix
my language,” she mutters under her breath.

Cautiously, Nebula takes another drink of water.

“Another orloni stick?”

The Luphomoid nods. “Just one.” She pauses awkwardly. “Please.”

Jolie sets aside the water bag, propping it against her thigh, and holds up the second stick -
sealed - so Nebula can see it. She unwraps it and tucks it into the woman’s hand, then picks
up the water bag and waits for her to want another drink.
Once Nebula’s finished, Jolie cleans up and descends back down the hatch with Groot. Back
in the studio, the hours pass as she tests each of her more delicate instruments - datapads,
projectors, light-pens - and sorts them into piles of what’s working and what’s not. Then she
roots around for some older towels she can use as padding, but can’t find any that they can
currently afford to give up with so many on board. Instead, she fishes out her biggest
sweatshirt - this one features Snoopy on a skateboard and reads, the grief is not good - and
begins cutting it up into usable sections.

“I can fix those.”

She looks up at the sound of Rocket’s voice. He’s standing on the threshhold of the studio
and he looks as tight and tense and tired as his voice sounds, but he’s here and he’s talking,
and that seems promising.

“I am Groot!”

“Hey, Groot.” Not just tired. Exhausted.

“Hey,” she says quietly. “You okay?”

He hesitates, and then ignores her question. “The busted datapads and shit. I can fix ‘em. Just
put ‘em on my workbench.”

She meets his copper eyes from her position cross-legged on the floor. “Thank you.” She
keeps her voice soft.

A ripple runs over his shoulders: tension chasing after itself. “I haven’t done anything yet.”

She shrugs. “Have you eaten anything?”

One corner of his mouth twitches in a grimace, and he ignores her second question, too.

“Someone’s out there. In the woods. Circling up on us.”

She sits upright on her knees immediately, kneeling in front of him. Apprehensive.
“Sovereign?”

He’s shaking his head. “Don’t smell right.” He hesitates. “Smells kinda like that frickin’
Ravager ship.”

She thinks she hears what’s under the words. Smells like that cage.

“How can I help?” she asks quietly.

He shifts uncomfortably on his feet, and to be honest, she’s just grateful he hasn’t laughed in
her face.

“I’m gonna go set up some stuff. You should stay here. Arm yourself, and make Groot hide.”
He hesitates again. “How do you feel about bein’ bait?”
She gives him a lopsided grin. “I can’t do much, but I can definitely do that.” She hesitates.
“If it is the Yondu clan, do you want me to…try to talk to them? If Yondu or Kraglin are
there, or Tullk - hell, maybe even Taserface - “

He’s looking at her like she’s the biggest moron in the galaxy, and she’s surprised he hasn’t
said so yet.

“You’re not getting within ten frickin’ feet of Taserface,” he says, and his voice is low and
almost threatening. “That fuc - that jackass wants to - “ he strangles off whatever he was
going to say, the words twisting up in his throat and dying with a seething little hiss through
his teeth. “Look,” he redirects. “We’re gonna play Quill’s music to lure them in, make them
think they know where we all are. You an’ I will set up comms. I’ll set the volume up so they
can hear us both talking from here.” He gestures with a clawed finger, up and out of the ship.
“But I’ll be out there.”

She bites her lip, hard enough to bruise, and he tilts his head, gazing at her consideringly.
They’re on eye-level like this, but she suddenly feels smaller.

“You don’t gotta be scared,” he says after a moment. His voice is so quiet, and kind of
resigned, and her heart hurts.

She hitches a shoulder and tries for a smile. “I just don’t like the thought of you being alone,
and no-one having your back.” She crinkles her nose and screws up her mouth, annoyed. “I
need to figure out how to stop being a liability and actually help you.”

Something shifts in his face, but she can’t place it.

“This’ll help,” he says, without any inflection at all. “Let’s get you armed. Then I’m gonna
take some stuff out and get set up.”

++++

The speakers are tilted out toward the forest, and Groot is tucked into an alcove behind a
bulwark across from Nebula. Jolie brings him the little blanket she’s made him from one of
her old sweatshirts.

“Don’t move, Sprout,” she tells him quietly. “Stay here, and be quiet. If anything happens,
wait. Quill and Gamora and Drax will come back for you.”

“I am Groot?”

“Everything will be okay.”

“What is happening?” Nebula asks, her hoarse voice thick with agitation.

Jolie stands up and looks at her measuringly, then grimaces and shakes her head. As much as
it seems unfair to keep the Luphomoid in the dark, Jolie doesn’t have a clear idea of what
might be too much information to give to her.

“Sorry,” she says, and her voice is laced with true regret. “That’s top secret for now.”
She flicks on the music, letting it roll out over the speakers that Rocket has set up, then
adjusting the volume.

“Good girl.”

His voice over the comms is as clear as if he was right next to her here on the ship, though it
projects just a bit louder. Jolie flinches at his casual praise, and the heat it ignites in her lower
abdomen.

Jesus Christ, she thinks at herself incredulously. Get yourself under control.

“So what do you want to talk about?” she returns casually, adjusting her grip on the ion
cannon and checking the two quadblasters in her holsters.

“Whatever you want, doll.”

“Mmm,” she hums. “I don’t think you ever finished telling me about pocket-dimension tech.”

He snorts audibly. “M’not trying to put you to sleep again, especially on the job.”

She laughs. There will be important things to talk about with him later - like not trying to run
them all off - but that can wait till these creeps are gone. For now, it’s just nice to feel like
things are back to the way they were before the batteries were stolen: warm, intimate, alive.

Occasionally way hotter than he means things to be.

“Which of these songs is your favorite?” she asks instead. “I’ll put that one on.”

“The one that goes - “ and he hums a few bars. The sound is gravelly and entirely too fucking
sexy.

Her toes curl in her boots. “Goddammit,” she mutters under her breath.

“What?”

“Nothing, sorry,” she says quickly. “I’m just being an idiot.” She scrolls through the cloned
files of Quill’s music, then turns on the one he’d requested. Rocket immediately hums along
with it, and she thinks, Yep, that was a mistake.

She clamps her thighs together. Fuck.

Now is not the time, Jolie.

From somewhere in the darkness, there’s a brief burst of machine-gunfire, cut short. She
immediately resettles herself at the edge of the hole in the ship, tucked behind the crates she
and Groot had been sitting on earlier.

“I love this song,” Rocket tells her, and chuckles a little. She knows it’s the kind of low laugh
he makes when he’s promising violence, but her abdomen flips at the dark, velvety sound in
spite of that. Maybe because of it.
There’s another spate of gunfire, and some distant yelling.

“Tell me a story, princess.”

That means to take up airtime. The Ravagers should have figured out by now that Rocket is
neither unprepared nor undefended - or at least, that the present Guardians have probably be
alerted by the gunfire. Jolie’s job, at this point, is only to keep drawing them in. She can do
that, easily.

“It’s hard to think of a story on demand,” she begins. “I could tell you about my first job with
the Collector, if you want. I barely knew anything about him at the time, which I guess makes
me criminally reckless for accepting the job - “

The sound of a gravity mine going off - then another. Again and again. She hears Rocket
chuckle, then his brief cackle over comms. She swallows, then continues her rambling,
nonsense-story. The words float over her lips, vapid and meaningless, as she focuses all her
attention on what she can hear of him through the comms, trying to ascertain whether or not
he’s safe based purely on the sounds of gunfire and explosions and, occasionally, his
snickering. Then there’s a quick shuffling noise, the crackle of an electrical charge, and the
faint sound of stifled screaming. Not his, though, which is the only important thing at this
point.

There’s a long silence from the other end. Jolie’s been surprised at how calm she’s felt, how
easy her heart rate has been - but the sudden, preternatural silence suddenly makes her heart
lurch into a full gallop. Her voice catches, before she continues talking.

“Ain’t so tough now without all your toys, are you?” she hears - and she can’t put a face to
the voice, but she’s sure she’s heard it before, aboard the Eclector.

Her hands tighten on the cannon. She doesn’t even know what she’s babbling into the comms
anymore - something about the outrageous risks associated with the Collector’s commission,
and that wasn’t even counting the possibility of his wrath.

All she can think is that she wants to kill this bastard herself.

Then there’s a sudden strangling, sucking sound, the soft boom of some kind of firearm, and
something that thuds, hard and quick.

Silence again, just a moment’s worth of relief.

Jolie hears Rocket, quiet and grim:

“Crap.”

Her voice dies in her throat.

“Hey there, Rat!”

She’d know that drawl anywhere.
Fucking Yondu.

She’s going to kill him, too.

“How’s it goin’, ya blue idiot?”

“Not so bad,” the Ravager captain chortles over comms. “We got ourselves a pretty good
little gig here. This golden gal with quite a high opinion of herself offered us a large sum to
deliver you and your pals over to her. On account of wanting to kill y'all.”

Fuck. Jo rises from her crouch, cannon gripped tight. She can feel Nebula’s and Groot’s eyes
on her. How long to wait?

“I tell ya, it was pretty easy to find you. I put a tracer on the Gemma Lynn back there, during
the war over Xandar.”

There’s a brief pause, and then Rocket offers: “Give me your word you won't hurt Groot and
Jo, and I'll tell you where the batteries are.”

Her heart skitters into a crashing halt against her chest, then starts thudding even faster. That
hadn’t been part of the plan.

There’s a pause, and then she hears Yondu chuckle. “So it’s true - that girl’s still hanging
around with you, Rat? Not surprised about Quill - he’s used to the rabble. But I didn’t expect
you an’ her to last this long. Surprised one of you ain’t airlocked the other.”

“What can I say?” Rocket replies drily. “She’s got terrible taste. Gimme your word and the
batteries are yours.”

Yondu chuckles. “Lucky for you, my word don't mean squat. Otherwise, I'd actually hand you
over.”

Jolie releases the breath she hasn’t known she was holding. Yondu's all right - underneath it
all, he’s good people. He doesn’t deserve the number of times she’s doubted him. And fuck
the batteries anyway - they’ve only been a pain in the ass since Rocket stole them. Good
riddance, honestly.

“Otherwise, you’d…what?”

Fucking Taserface.

Everything starts going downhill from there - she can hear it unraveling. The Ravagers sound
like they’re fighting over numbers and math but under it all simmers a deeply-rooted
discontent. The voices are rising, becoming more shrill and angry and desperate. Jolie can see
where this is headed.

“I am Groot?” Groot whispers.

Fuck.
She looks at Groot, then at Nebula, and makes a face. Fuck, again. She drops the cannon on
the crates and picks up an earpiece, switching it to receive audio only.

“I’ll get him,” she tells Groot. “I promise. And if I take too long, just wait for Gamora to
come back. It won’t be more than another rotation.” She turns to the Luphomoid - who is
watching her with implacable dark-sky eyes - then shrugs helplessly. “If you somehow end
up getting out of all this, please just… be nice to Groot.”

Then she plunges into the woods.

“Enough! The point is, we ain't stupid enough to help kill the Guardians of the Galaxy! The
whole dang Nova Corps would be on us!”

There’s no way she’s as quiet as her copilot, but luckily, most of these Ravagers are oblivious
in the best of times. Right now, even the more aware pirates are distracted by the threat of
mutiny. They’re loud enough that she can pinpoint their location pretty quickly, and she
draws in close, veiling herself with the draping leaves of a tree like a weeping willow. She
turns down the earpiece, trying to assess the situation.

She recognizes the next voice before she sees the Ravager step forward. “That ain't right!”

No, Krags! she thinks. Goddammit. What are you doing?

‘I just gotta say it this one time, Cap'n. No matter how many times Quill betrays you, you
protect him like none a’ the rest of us much matter!”

The Ravagers cheer.

“I'm the one what sticks up for you!”

“Take it easy,” Tullk cautions his younger friend.

“Damn straight, lad!” Taserface is practically crowing. “He's gone soft. Suppose it’s time for
a change in leadership!”

The guns clank and charge all around the circle.

“Put your damn guns down!” Tullk bellows.

There’s an easy answer to all this, Jolie thinks. She hasn’t killed anyone in cold blood yet, but
she’s definitely taken out a few folks in self-defense, out here in deep space. She has one
chance, one moment to strike with the element of surprise. Killing Taserface means killing
this mutiny in its infancy. Yondu will regain control, maybe take the batteries, and most
importantly - leave.

With her family intact.

She trains her weapon and waits for a clear shot.
  For a moment, everything crystallizes. It’s all so surreal. She recalls the monotony of life
  before: paying the bills, going to work, scrolling endlessly through poorly-written accounts of
  alien abductions. Excising herself from her parents’ lives as if she were a cancer.

  Relatively mundane shit, all told.

  But now here she is, screened in by alien foliage on a strange planet, aiming her fuckin’
  blaster at a space-pirate’s skull because she is in love with a talking raccoon and his adopted
  tree.

  Life has become actual fucking nonsense.

  She knows the minute Rocket realizes she’s there. His nostrils flare softly and he flinches,
  ears flickering, arms still raised. “Whoa! Whoa! There must be some kind of peaceful
  resolution to this, fellas. Or even a violent one - where I'm standing over there.” He gestures
  vaguely toward the space a few feet from her left flank.

  Welp. Fuck me, she thinks placidly, and prepares to squeeze the trigger.

  There’s a sudden, small explosion, and everyone jolts. For a moment, Yondu sways on his
  feet. His arrow clatters, and sparks pop from the place where his fin used to sit in his skull.
  Jolie can see his eyes are glassy, even from here.

  No.

  Her heart lurches - for Pete, for Kraglin, for Tullk. For Yondu himself. But also - what the
  fuck happened? And what to do now?

  Rocket must see something beyond Jolie’s line of vision because she watches his shoulders
  deflate, just a little, before he’s bowled over by electricity.

  She lurches forward a half-step, her heart in her mouth, and then hears Nebula’s smoky voice.

  “Hello, boys.”




Chapter End Notes



    short chapter. i love you all and i hope it gives a little comfort after last week's chapter,
    even though it isn't a full resolution. rocket is trying. jo is trying. kraglin's trying and
    yondu's trying. everyone's trying (except probably taserface).

    aiming to get the next chapter out around nov 7.

    Coming Soon: Chapter XVIII. I Happen to Know a Guy. in which our heroes get
    fucked. Again. Still not in the good way.
join me on tumblr if you want! ♡♡
                           Chapter 18: I Happen to Know a Guy.
Chapter Summary



      in which our heroes get fucked. Again. Still not in the good way.



      i'm going ahead and raising the rating on this now just because i feel like the
      commentary has gotten explicit enough to warrant it.
      cw for some shoulder injury and hand injury mentions. they will continue to pop up in
      future chapters until we get through this shit show.

      cw for sexual harassment while we're at it.

      and

      cw for drugging with alcohol (with nonsexual motives).



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   When Rocket had seen Jo, half-hidden behind a tree and veiled by a curtain of draping leaves
   and vines, he’d thought he was dreaming. Her hair was reflecting the moonlight enough to
   almost give her away, but she’d been so still he never would’ve known she was there if the
   wind hadn’t shifted enough for him to catch the faint hint of curlflower tea and the honey
   lotion she’d been using since she’d picked it up on Belua.

   Her face had been almost expressionless: just narrowed, jewel-like eyes set into a flawless
   oval. Her shooting stance had been perfect, aim steady. She’d been as silent and unmoving as
   a murderous ghost or goddess, haunting the forests of Berhert.

   He’d wanted to fuck her so badly. He’d wanted to worship her.

   And then he’d wanted to kill her, for coming out here when he’d told her to stay safe and
   protect Groot and the ship. And herself.

   He’s sure she would’ve made the shot, if not for Nebula. Outrage aside, he kinda would’ve
   loved to see Jo take out Taserface. And how had the Blue Menace gotten loose, anyway?

   When Rocket can drag up his eyelids and focus his vision again, he grimaces to find himself
   bound and slumped next to Yondu. Gamora’s sister is ordering Ravagers around in the dark
   shadows and trees.
“She’s either waiting here to try and help the Fox escape,” Nebula says flatly, “or she is
heading back to the ship for the Seedling. Split up and find her, and retrieve the Seedling.”

“You heard ‘er, lads!” Taserface is hollering, sounding glutted on temporary power and
elation. “Find that wench, and bring ‘er here!”

“And the Seedling,” Nebula reminds them.

“It’s not part a’ the listed bounty,” Taserface objects. “There be no need to waste our time an’
energy - “

“The Seedling comes,” Nebula interrupts, voice even. “And he’s to be treated…nicely.”

“Nicely?” Taserface repeats, baffled.

The Luphomoid shrugs.

Welp. Who knows what the fuck happened there. Rocket would’ve rather Groot stayed in
hiding here until the other Guardians got back, but at least Nebula seems to have taken some
kind of weird liking to him.

“It is part of the deal,” she’s telling Taserface. “Otherwise I slaughter you all and take the
three of them myself. I will use them as bait to lure in my sister, and then I will kill her.”

Rocket can move his jaw again, so naturally, he says the first disparaging thing that comes to
mind.

“Your family has issues, Blue.”

She cuts her midnight-black eyes at him.

Rocket’s already ignoring her, though. His ears swivel, and he picks up the sounds of a
struggle before anyone else does. He hears some hissed curses, and the sound of flesh
thudding against flesh from just beyond the Gemma Lynn/Milano. There’s a long shriek, but
it ain’t Jo. Then comes the distinct sound of ion cannonfire, followed by the Ravagers’ frantic
machine guns. A few pauses, and then the soft boom of one of his homemade laser-cannons.

She’s not going down without a fight. The thought makes Rocket grin, hard and bright.

“Get ‘er,” Taserface growls to another handful of Ravagers. They look at each other -
nervous, maybe - and then take off in the direction of the skirmish.

Rocket feels Yondu shift next to him.

“Yer girl got a chance?” The Centaurian asks from the corner of his mouth.

Rocket hesitates. “She’s good,” he mutters back finally, under his breath, “and she’s smart.
But she’s also…”

“Also what?”
Rocket shrugs. “She’s still new to this shit.” She’s soft. “She’s gonna keep fighting till either
she gets us out, or she’s dead or captured.” He swallows. “And if they get Groot, she’ll get
more reckless with her own safety and we’ll all be in trouble, fast.”

What would you a’ done?

Died trying.

“Don’t kill the Girl,” he hears Nebula remind Taserface.

The jackass leers. “Don’t you worry. I ain’t got no want to do that.”

Rocket’s teeth clack together and he can hear the enamel flaking off them when he clenches
his jaw. “Too bad you didn’t teach these idiots manners,” he snipes at Yondu.

“What’s manners to a Ravager?” the former captain asks rhetorically, but he sounds annoyed
too.

There are another few shrieks and a handful of percussive blasts, and at one point, the sound
of what Rocket thinks is the six-barrel plasma blaster, and then - a Ravager cheer.

He thinks he’s gonna be sick.

“We got ‘er, boss,” someone says over comms. “She’s a handful.”

“Is she injured?” Nebula asks. Rocket’s ears twitch toward her and he studies her with
narrowed eyes. The question is delivered flatly and coldly, but it’s not one he would’ve
expected in the first place.

Another Ravager voice crackles back. “Had to knock her out. She’ll bruise up pretty bad, but
she’s okay.”

“And the Seedling?”

“Yeah, got ‘im. Had ta put ‘im in a sack. He’s a biter.” A pause. “Cute as hell though,” the
voice concedes after a moment.

Nebula rolls her eyes. “Knock those two out again,” she directs to Kraglin, gesturing toward
Rocket and Yondu. “And get everyone on your ship.”

“Goddammit,” Rocket mutters.

++++

He wakes up restrained to a chair. It only takes him half a second to orient himself. After all,
he’s been in this part of the Eclector before. His lips peel back from his teeth.

Yondu’s still out, restrained across from him, positioned to face the airlock. A crawling
sensation creeps up Rocket’s skin, under his fur.
This ain’t good.

His gaze jerks to the right, searching for Jo and Groot - and sure enough, there’s one of them.
Jo is already awake, and scowling, her eyes slitted as she scans the place from her own chair.
Her right temple and cheekbone are scraped and shiny-red, and she’s got blood on her
swollen lips and in the corner of her mouth.

She glances back at him, realizes he’s awake, and gestures with her chin to the ceiling.
“Groot’s okay. But he’s up there.” Her eyes are blazing.

He immediately follows her line of sight and his blood goes cold, then white-hot.

They put my kid in a cage?

He doesn’t even realize the enormity of the idea, of how - in the midst of his outrage - he’s
instinctively thinking of Groot as his son. All Rocket can put together is that he knows what
it’s like to be in cages, and that he never, ever wanted the little guy to have any idea. For a
second, Rocket’s brain short-circuits and he sees nothing at all.

He’s gonna kill each and every one of these assholes.

“You okay?”

He brings his swimming vision back to Jo. He can tell she’s still pissed, but not at him. For
him, she’s all softness.

Too bad he wants to strangle her right now.

Still, she helps him focus. “I’m good,” he says. “You?” He takes in her bruises again, the skin
on her cheekbone shiny where it’s swollen, the blood at the corner of her mouth.

“I’m good,” she echoes. “Just a little beat up.”

Oh yeah. He’s gonna murder ‘em all.

The Ravagers are yelling all around them, jeering at Groot, jeering at him and Jolie - jeering
at Yondu most of all. The former captain is starting to come to, and Rocket wishes he was
close enough to kick him in the junk.

As angry as Rocket is that Jo didn’t go to ground with Groot - which is maybe unfair, since
there’s no way of knowing how that little coup would’ve turned out without Nebula’s
interference, and they might’ve ended up in the same situation anyway - he’s way more
pissed at Yondu for bringing this shit to them.

Although Yondu woulda never showed up if there hadn’t been a bounty, and there woulda
never been a bounty if you hadn’t stolen the batteries, jackass, his shitty little inner-voice
reminds him.

“Rise and shine, ya frickin’ loser,” Rocket spits at the Centaurian. Yondu finally drags his
eyes open and up, and registers where he’s at. Rocket can see the moment all the pieces click
into place for him.

“Well, hell,” the idiot says dismally.

“Yer awake!” It’s Taserface’s comically-cliché pirate-drawl that breaks through the
cacophony. “We wanted ya to see what happens to the men what backed ya, cap’n.”

Rocket rolls his eyes. First rule of being the new captain, he thinks. Stop callin’ the old one
captain. “This chump,” he mutters to Jo. But she’s barely listening: her eyes are so narrow
they cut, and she’s glaring at Taserface with a hatred he didn’t think she was capable of.

That’s when the mutineers start parading men to the airlock, one at a time.

There’s something about it that shuts Rocket up. He’s not one for solemnity or reverence,
generally speaking. He tends to avoid those things like an intergalactic plague. And he
shouldn’t even have any pity for these jackasses, who’d tied him to this exact same chair a
few dozen cycles back, thrown him in the cells, and then relocated him to a cage in a frickin’
cargo hold when his heckling became too much for them.

But… watching each man being marched out past Yondu, pleading for their captain’s help,
begging for their lives, and then floating out into the vacuum, all while Taserface and his
goons bellow their laughter…

Rocket doesn’t like it. It’s sick and fucked-up and it makes him think of the High
Evolutionary, mocking his grief with derisive howls.

The second-to-last is Tullk, who Rocket…actually doesn’t hate. The older Ravager is one of
the few members of the Yondu clan who’d never poked at Rocket, or prodded him, or called
him names and speculated about his origins or operations. Once, when Tullk had found some
of the grunts poking at Rocket through his cage with an electrobaton, he’d beat the shit outta
‘em, and Rocket had never seen any of them again.

“This is mutiny!” Tullk is raging as the dickheads drag him out. “This is mutiny!” The door
closes, and Tullk thumps on it, and the remaining Ravagers cheer as the external hatch
whooshes open.

Yeah. This party fuckin’ blows.

One more guy is dragged out - someone Rocket doesn’t remember or recognize - begging for
Yondu, and Rocket feels something squeeze in his chest. Ugh. “We gotta get outta here,” he
mutters under his breath.

Jo, meanwhile, is watching all the proceedings with something deadly in her eyes and Rocket
has to admit, it’s a good look. Yondu, on the other hand, has checked out. He’s staring glassy-
eyed into the middle-distance.

Loss’ll do that to a person.

Taserface steps between them. He clamps a greasy hand on Jo’s shoulder as he passes her,
and Rocket feels his hackles rise.
“Yer the one what killed those men,” Taserface says, leaning into Yondu’s face, “by leadin’
‘em down the wrong path.” He looks to the other Ravagers around the room. “Because yer
weak.” They cheer, and Taserface looks so frickin’ pleased with himself. “And stupid!” he
adds with a grin, peering around at his shitty crew. They cheer again, on cue.

For fuck’s sake, someone save Rocket from insecure jackasses.

“It's time for the Ravagers…to rise once again to glory…with a new captain!” Taserface
bellows, and then howls his own name like it’s not an utterly laughable moniker.

It’s too bad that Rocket used up all his best insults about this dumbass when he was
previously locked up here. Now would’ve been an ideal time, with a better audience. But
before he can make a crack about everyone hailing Captain Scrotum Hat, the douchebag in
question is squeezing Jo’s shoulder again.

“Lass,” he booms. “Would ye like to have a drink with a captain?”

The crew roars its support for the proposal and the space behind Rocket’s eyes goes hot. The
cheers just sound like static and he can’t even think — there’s only the instinctive urge to
commit arson. When he can see again, his gaze finds Jo.

She’s looking up at Taserface — and then she smiles that wide, fake smile that never reaches
her dead eyes.

“If you’re asking if I want to have a drink with a gutless, petulant traitor, the answer is thanks
I hate it,” she says, all syrup and honey. Her voice is so polite and docile that it even takes
Rocket a minute to catch up to the insult, and he’s been expecting it. Taserface’s self-involved
brain barely stands a chance. “And I can share a drink with a real captain pretty much any
time I want.”

It takes another minute of confused silence, but then the rest of the pirates grow hushed, the
self-congratulatory chortling fading into uncertainty.

Shit, Rocket thinks.

He can see the minute Taserface realizes he’s missed something — realizes he’s been turned
down, and none too gently. The mutineer’s grip tightens on Jo’s shoulder. Dirty nails bite in,
visibly sinking into the softness underneath. Rocket’s eyes zero in on the hand as the giant
brute presses down on Jo and his voice falters.

The other Ravagers whisper, perplexed and maybe suddenly a little nervous. Taserface shifts
- squeezes his meaty fingers.

“A celebratory drink, with the new Ravager captain,” the mutineer bellows quickly to the
crowd, though he’s ostensibly still talking to Jo. It’s like he’s pretending her response never
happened. “Perhaps more than one!” He grins at his audience, but the expression is quickly
fraying. “And should ye end up sleeping in a bed instead of a cell tonight - “
“A generous offer.” Her smile shows all her teeth. “Unfortunately, I’ve seen the bunk
situation on this rig, and I’m not trying to sleep in a nest of snakes and bootlickers. Besides
—“ She drops one butterfly-wing eyelid in a wink and her voice softens into a husky whisper.
“ —I’ve got so little interest in fucking an insecure chickenshit who needs his buddies to
applaud him every time he gets an erection.”

Rocket chokes. It’s easy to forget sometimes that Jo isn’t only sweet. Sure, she’s too soft in
general for her own good or for his peace of mind — but she can go off the rails when it
comes to anyone who’s actually managed the near-impossible task of pissing her off. She’d
had words for that loser on the Faraday, Rocket reminds himself. And Loki.

At any rate, the result — in this particular moment — is a bark of laughter that catches in
Rocket's throat and makes him sputter and cough.

Till he remembers how she’d used similar words to draw Ronan’s attention, too, and
suddenly his ability to enjoy it dissipates like smoke.

The Ravagers begin to mutter, and Taserface’s hand on Jo’s shoulder clenches hard enough
that there’s the dull click of one bone shifting against another. That kills whatever laugh
remains in Rocket’s mouth quicker than anything. He can see the flinch in her feet as Jo’s
heels suddenly rise off the floor, but her polite smile never drops and she doesn’t bat an
eyelash.

Rocket’s vision splinters at edges. He decides then and there that he’s gonna be relieving
Taserface of that hand.

“Perhaps we’ll kill ye after the captain,” the mutineer growls, his voice no longer directed
toward the crowd. The threat is all for Jo.

Taserface flexes his hand harder.

But Jo – stubborn Jo – curves her eyes in dead crescents and lifts that mild, pleasant smile
toward the hulking idiot. Today’s oversized sweatshirt fittingly reads: the horrors persist, but
so do I. Rocket can already feel himself: impressed by her, always, and absolutely ready to
murder her for her recklessness at the same time, because whatever comes out of her mouth
next won’t be good.

“Better dead than on a date with you,” she says with a voice like poisoned sugar. Yep, there it
is.

“That’s enough killing for today.”

Rocket jerks his head toward the voice. Gamora’s sister is still here?

“The Priestess wants them alive. Four-hundred-thousand units for the Fox, and a hundred
thousand for each additional Guardian. And your predecessor has bounties on his head in at
least twelve Kree provinces.”
Taserface releases Jo’s shoulder, pulling on his false confidence like a too-big coat when he
eyes Nebula. “I thought ye were meant t’be the biggest sadist in the galaxy?”

The Luphomoid’s black eyes narrow. “That was when Daddy was paying my bills. I assure
you: I am not as easy a mark as an old man without his magic stick, or a talking woodland
beast and his lover.”

For a second, Rocket’s brain stutters, then fixates. “What the hell is wrong with you people?”
Rocket snaps. “She ain’t my - “

“The lass ain’t sweet on that thing,” Taserface interrupts, appalled, and Rocket can’t help the
urge to bear his teeth at the insult, even if he knows it’s true.

“Hey,” Jo intervenes. “Hey. Look at me.”

The room obeys, but she only has eyes for Taserface. And unlike the flat-eyed stare she
usually reserves for him, this one is snapping and flaring.

In a sugary voice, she tells the mutineer, “Fuck yourself. Am too.”

Rocket has no context for these words. They make no sense in his brain. He wonders if his
translator chip is malfunctioning. He wonders what he missed. Because that doesn't seem
right.

Taserface blinks, then scowls. Rocket stops caring about the nonsense fluttering out of Jo's
pretty mouth because he can see the mutineer's fingers dig into her shoulder and press.
Something pops, or cracks, and Rocket’s mouth is flooded with the hot sourness that
precedes vomiting.

This time, Jo bends sideways under the force of Taserface’s grip, wincing.

“Yer just sayin’ that ‘cause yer angry,” the new captain chastises her. “I know yer not
forkinatin’ with an ugly little monster like—“

Then the giant is whipping his hand off her shoulder and leaping back as Jo damn near bites
him, teeth clacking as her chair rocks. Rocket can feel his own eyes, huge on her, terrified
and completely incapable of understanding what the fuck her play is right now.

As soon as Taserface’s hand is off her, though, she’s looking up at the mutineer with that
same gracious, deferential, absolutely-inauthentic smile. “Hey,” she says again, gently. Every
word sounds measured and well-behaved. Conversational. Friendly, even. “Hey. Listen to
me. Fuck yourself. I’d gladly fuck him every day for the rest of my life before you could
even dream of paying me enough to spit in your goddamn mouth—“

Rocket’s too busy scrambling to keep up, to figure out what the fuck has gotten into her, why
the fuck she’s being so reckless — staring at her and her gleaming, knotted hair and her flat,
furious eyes — to register that Taserface has reached across his own chest. It isn’t till the
backhand lands that Rocket figure out what’s happened. No, even that’s not right: Jo’s chair
tilts sideways and smashes onto its side, one arm pinned beneath it where it’s been tied
behind the chairback. She’s spilled out on the floor before Rocket has realized what’s
happened, and for the first time in recent memory, he’s pretty sure the blood has drained from
his head.

The world pulses dizzily.

Oh yeah. He’s going to take that bastard’s hand right off his arm, and then slap him around
with it. See how he likes it.

“Enough,” Nebula snaps from the sidelines. Her dark eyes flick from Jo to Taserface and
back again.

Jo’s looking up at Taserface though, and whatever half-rabid violence had possessed her a
minute ago seems to have been jarred by her crashlanding. Still, the corner of her mouth
curls.

“Jo,” Rocket says warningly, but the word feels crinkled on his lips, half-desperate.

Her eyes flock to his and she opens her mouth. Rocket feels his face do something — he
doesn’t know what, only that he almost wants to plead with her to shut the fuck up — and
then mercifully, she does. Her eyes go soft, and her lips close, and she sighs from her place
on the floor — almost as if she’s disappointed he’s asked her not to keep going.

“Stop damaging the bounties,” Nebula is telling Taserface coldly. The mutineer scowls. “I
want ten percent of the take,” the Luphomoid continues. She pauses for a moment. “And a
couple more things.”

“What things?” Taserface growls, but Rocket can tell he’s already going belly-up. Taserface
may be stupid as shit, but like most cowards, he apparently knows when he’s in the presence
of someone who can crush him.

“An M-Ship,” the cyborg responds. “A new hand. And…” She trails off. Is she hesitating?

Nebula looks up, and her implacable eyes flick briefly to Jo.

“And I will take the Seedling with me.”

“What?!” Rocket’s bellowing. “Absolutely frickin’ not! He stays with us!”

“Rocket,” Jo’s saying from the floor. “Rocket, look at me. He’ll be safer—“

“I’m not letting that genocidal maniac take my—“

Something explodes against the side of his head, and the words fall out of Rocket’s mouth for
the third time that day.

++++

Rocket curls into the warmth and the scent of Jo. Her thighs are beneath his head, firm and
soft at the same time, and he’d tuck an arm around her hips or prickle his claws behind her
knee if he thought she was still asleep. Sometimes she does this frickin’ adorable little
twitching thing when he touches her with the points of his nails – accidentally, of course –

But no. She’s gently carding her fingers through the fur on the side of his head, and he should
probably tell her to stop. If only it didn’t feel so good, softening and distracting him from the
pulsing ache in his brain -

The pain makes him remember.

He jerks upright, heart hammering against his metal sternum and reinforced ribs, trying to
force itself between the gaps in his skeleton like it used to do after his worst nightmares.

“You’re okay,” Jolie breathes. “You’re okay. And Groot will be too.”

They’re in one of the cells in the belly of the ship, caged in. And the kid…

Rocket’s eyes fly around the cell, and he’s trying to rein in his panic, his furious and terrified
caged heart. The thought of Groot, lost and in the hands of Nebula, makes his lungs constrict.

He can’t lose Groot. Not again.

Rocket can see Yondu assessing them from the other side of the cell, and he scrambles up and
out of Jo’s reach before the idiot can come to some sort of annoyingly incorrect conclusion.

A talking woodland creature and his lover.

“Groot will be okay,” she repeats, like she knows what he’s thinking.

“How do you know?” he rasps, trying to catch his breath against the thudding against his
metal sternum.

She shrugs helplessly, like she already knows her answer won’t satisfy him. “I asked Nebula
to be nice to him.”

He snarls. “And you think she’s gonna listen?”

The Seedling comes. And he’s to be treated nicely.

Jo puts out both hands, placating. “She’s going to Gamora. You know she is. In the worst-case
scenario, she’ll be using him as bait. If Gamora doesn’t get to him, Pete or Drax will.” She
lowers her voice and stares at him intently. “And if Nebula wins — which she won’t — she’ll
either take Groot with her or drop him off somewhere she thinks is safe. We can find them.
Yondu’s going to give us her M-ship’s tracker code when we get out of here — and we will
get out of here.”

His ears twitch, and he tries to slow his breathing, his heartrate. His eyes flicker to Yondu.

“How do you know?” Rocket asks her again, his voice still hoarse. “That we’ll get out of
here?”
Her face softens into a smile — a real smile, the kind that makes a person feel like they’re the
only one who gets to see it. He hates himself for it, but he knows he’s hanging on that smile
right now.

She tilts her head toward him and whispers conspiratorially.

“I happen to know a guy who’s broken out of over twenty prisons.”

Rocket pauses, and breathes, and his shoulders relax almost immediately with his next
exhalation.

One, two, three, four.

She’s right, and he was stupid to forget it. This’ll be a piece of Xandaran honey-cake. He just
has to calm himself, shake himself out of this panic of losing Groot, and figure shit out.

He takes another few breaths, counting them out in his head.

“I’m gonna kill you, by the way,” he tells Jo at last. Casually. Conversationally. “I don’t
know what made you think you should leave the Gemma Lynn in the first place – much less
that you should talk to frickin’ Taserface like that when he had you all tied up.” He scowls.
“Out of the two of us, you’re usually better at dealing with moronic shitbgs.”

Her mouth opens, then snaps shut, then softens. “You’re right,” she says quietly. “I should’ve
been smarter.” She twists her lips ruefully. “Might’ve fucked up my trump card.”

He huffs a breath. “Don’t think this is over. When we get outta here—“ He reaches up
without thinking. The shiny spot on her cheek is purpling now where Taserface backhanded
her, and the skin is split just a little. She might have another little scar there, and he winces.
Butterfly bandage once he gets her out of here, he decides. “You okay everywhere else?”

She winks at him. “Nothing I can’t handle.”

He points a claw in her face. “Don’t try to get cute. I’m gonna frickin’ strangle you later.”

He turns then, pacing the length of the cell, surreptitiously checking bars and hinges. “No
offense,” he says casually to Yondu as he passes, “but your employees are a bunch of
assholes.”

There’s a silence, and Yondu clears his throat.

“Earthgirl and I have already settled up on that,” he acknowledges.

“Yeah well, you an’ I haven’t,” Rocket reminds him. “And Jo undercharges.”

He can feel the Centaurian’s eyes on him as he moves through the cell, watching him
consideringly. Then the former captain speaks.

“I was a Kree battle slave for twenty years when Stakar freed me,” Yondu says quietly. “He
offered me a place with the Ravagers. He said all I needed to do was adhere to the code.”
“Fascinating,” Rocket drawls, testing the post where it’s anchored into the catwalk. Some of
the caging is loose there—

“But I was young,” Yondu continues. “And greedy. And stupid.” His middle-distance stare
sharpens, focusing on Rocket. “Kinda like you stealin’ them batteries.”

“That was mostly Drax,” Rocket says off-handedly. He can see Jo rolling her eyes in his
periphery, and tries to ignore it. If he gets out of this, he’ll own up to his stupid — but with
his people. His friends.

He doesn’t owe Yondu anything.

“Me and Stakar and the other captains - we weren’t so different from you and your friends.
They were the only family I ever had. When I broke the code… they exiled me.” The
Centaurian draws in a slow, measured breath.

Rocket feels his shoulders draw up against his neck and he tries not to seethe. He feels his
eyes skitter toward Jo. He’d have ignored it, but there she is, big-eyed and shiny-haired and
she frickin’ matters too much.

“Is that some kind of warning?” Rocket sneers. “If I don’t behave myself, I’m gonna get left
behind? Joke’s on you, Old Man. That’s what I’m aiming for.”

He immediately regrets his idiot mouth when he hears Jo suck in her breath - but it’s true,
isn’t it? And she’s smart. She knows it by now.

But Yondu just stares at him. “I deserve this,” the Ravager captain tells him - pointedly,
Rocket thinks.

“Slow down, drama queen,” Rocket intervenes. “You might deserve this, but we don’t. And if
you think I do - I’ll just frickin’ remind you that Jo’s here, and she definitely doesn’t. So suck
it the fuck up. We’re gettin’ outta here.”

Yondu tilts his head, studying Rocket first, then Jo. “Where’s Quill?”

Rocket shrugs like it doesn’t bother him. “He went off with his old man.”

“Ego?”

He sighs. “Yeah. You’d think a name like that’d be a warning sign.” Yondu starts to chuckle,
so Rocket shoots him a scathing glare and adds, “But I guess I am talking to the guy who
took Taserface in.”

Yondu scowls and turns to Jo, jabbing his thumb in Rocket’s direction. “Is he, like, a
professional asshole or somethin’?”

A shaky grin curls one corner of her mouth, like she’s still hurt that Rocket was trying to get
her to leave him. Or like she’s hurting for him. But she only raises her eyebrows and offers
mildly, “He has a varied skillset.”
Rocket rolls his eyes at her, then cuts another glare at the Centaurian. “Somethin’s been
bothering me, Yondu. Why didn’t you deliver Quill to Ego like you promised?”

The Ravager’s face shutters and his eyes narrow. “He was skinny. Could fit into places we
couldn’t. Good for thievin’.”

“Uh-huh.” Rocket doesn’t bother to hide his skepticism. He’s heard the line too many times,
recited exactly the same way by Quill. Coming from Yondu? Well, nowadays Rocket knows
a lie when he hears one.

“Why d’you care?” the former captain challenges.

Rocket just snorts. “Jo says you got a soft spot for him. Guess she was right this time, which
is pretty surprising based on how bad her judgment is in general.”

“Hey!” she protests, indignant, and Rocket slants her a warning look.

“Don’t start,” he warns her. “You’re just gonna remind me how mad I am at you.”

“I had to do someth - “

Yondu is scowling, and he interrupts her with a different kind of distraction. “I got a plan to
get outta here. Part a’ one, anyway.”

Rocket tips his head and exchanges a glance with Jo. We’ll get back to this later, he promises
himself, jaw flexing. “What percent?” he asks casually.

Yondu blinks. “What?”

“What percent of a plan, dumbass?”

“Uhh. Fifty?”

Rocket shrugs. “I can work with that. Whaddaya got?”

“I got a prototype fin in a drawer in the bunk. If we can get to it, we can kill all a’ these
shitheads, and take the Eclector.”

“That’s fifty percent of a plan?!”

“Well, yeah - “

“And how do you propose we get to this prototype fin, genius? If we could get out of here in
the first place, we’d have - “

“A whole plan,” Jo interjects, and Rocket rolls his eyes at her. “This is a good start. Where’s
the fin, exactly?”

“Jo—“
“It’s in the top drawer of a little end-table in the general bunk. There’s a Ravager crest on the
drawer. I was thinkin’ we could sneak in after they get ta sleep. They’ll be celebratin’
tonight–” Yondu scowls “–drinkin’ more’n usual.”

“Okay, jackass, but how do we get out of this frickin’ cage?” Rocket snaps.

“I can handle that,” Jo interjects smoothly.

Rocket stares at her, nonplussed — irritation forgotten for just a moment. “What? How?”

She shrugs and offers up a weak smile. “I told you. I have a trump card.”

He stares at her. Waits. Folds his arms and taps his claws in the crook of his elbow. “Well?
What the hell is it?”

She grins lopsidedly — and he feels his stomach sink. That’s her please-don’t-be-mad-at-me
smile.

“Well,” she says slowly. “There’s a double-crossing coward who probably still wants to have
a drink with me.”

He stares at her blankly. The silence must last a full five seconds or longer, because he just
can’t believe that Jo – who he knows is actually so much smarter than he’s ever really given
her credit for – has said something so incredibly fuckin’ moronic. And once he reconciles
himself to the fact that yeah, she did say something unforgivably and reprehensibly stupid, he
actually goes lightheaded with outrage. The cell spins. Had she not heard him already tell her
how mad he was?

Forget Taserface. He’s gonna kill her himself. He will.

He slices his arms sideways through the air like he can claw away her words. His voice is
crackling with fury. “What the fuck are you thinking? Absolutely not!”

“It could work,” Yondu interrupts thoughtfully. “Taserface has always had…an interest in ya.
You think after them fightin’ words, though…?”

Jo snorts delicately. “You tell me, Yondu. I just embarrassed him in front of his besties, and
now I’m gonna beg him to forgive me in front of each and every one of them. Offer to serve
him drinks all night. Act like a besotted flirt. You think he’s going to turn down the chance to
let everyone see that?”

“...Fair point, Earthgirl.”

Rocket thinks he might actually be going blind with rage. He cannot see because his brain
has short-circuited with the force of his own wrath, blowing out his optic nerves. He’s
fucking seething, fists clenching so tight that he can feel his nails drawing blood.

“I can’t believe you two are even talking about this,” Rocket snarls, and the words are almost
unintelligible around his fury and his teeth. “The answer’s fuckin’ no.”
Jo pauses and turns to him, her eyes stupid-soft. She’s already got the beginnings of another
soft, crooked smile.

“No,” he hisses.

“Gotta try.”

“Fucking. No.”

“You know I do generally love to do what you tell me,” she says, and her voice is so fuckin’
gentle and sugardrop-sweet. “But I’m pretty sure this is our best play.”

“He wants to fuck you,” Rocket snarls, because he can’t believe she hasn’t figured that out.
Thinking about it makes his blood turn into steam in his veins, makes his skin shrivel on his
bones. What’s she gonna do if it goes too far, and Rocket’s not there to look out for her?
There’s no galaxy in which that hulking bastard doesn’t throw a frickin’ tantrum when she
says no – and even less of a chance that he takes care of her, makes sure he doesn’t hurt her,
makes sure she’s okay. She needs someone who makes sure she wants everything they give
her, who pets her little pussy till she comes so many times she cries, who tells her just how
frickin’ sweet she tastes and how good she feels—

She gives Rocket that uneven, half-teasing grin. “Make a bet with me.”

“No.”

“I bet I can get him drunk enough to pass out before he even gets to cop a feel.”

For a moment, Rocket’s whole brain is nothing but pure, crackling, scorching electric-white.

When he can think again, he manages to grind out:

“I told you I already got words for you based on your brilliant frickin’ decision to leave the
ship in the first place.” The words crowd out around his teeth with his breath, hard and
furious. “I’m guessing Groot let Nebula go while you were trying to play hero, so
fundamentalistically - “ his voice roughens into a half-shout “ - this is all your frickin’ fault
in the first place!”

It’s like every time he gets louder and meaner, she only gets softer. Her smile turns rueful.
“Once we’re out of this, you can yell at me for everything all at once, okay? Get it out of
your system in one go.”

She stretches out one hand toward him, palm up, and now the smile is sad. He stares at her
fingertips. He wants to bite them – not hard enough to really hurt her, but hard enough to
scare her. Or maybe he wants to wrap ‘em up in his own ragged fists and press them against
his mouth, lick every knuckle, wrap some frickin’ rope around her stupidly-frail wrists and
keep her tied to him forever. And he knows it’s not fair because he’d just been trying to shake
them all, but that had been for their own good and if he’s honest – if he lets himself be selfish
– there’s no way he’d have survived letting her go.

He grits his teeth. “This ain’t a fuckin’ joke.”
“I know it’s not,” she says, and her voice is brimming - overflowing - with apologies. “And
you can be mad at me later. But right now, I need you.”

He stares at her patient hand, then meets her eyes. The silence drags on for longer than he
knows he should let it.

“I’m not gonna forget this,” he says at last, and he can hear that his voice is ragged. “It’s
fuckin’ Asgard all over again and I told you - “

“I know,” she repeats, and lowers her hand slowly when he continues to ignore it. She takes a
steadying, centering breath, and he wants to – what? Give her something? A gun, if he’d had
one still on him. Or a bomb. But if not that, then something – something to say you better get
through this. You better make it out of this. I decided I wanna keep you after all so you better
frickin’ come back to me.

But none of it feels right in his mouth, and he doesn’t say anything. She bites her lip, and
nods, and turns to Yondu.

“What’s Taserface’s favorite drink?”

They mutter between themselves for a while. There’s a Ravager stationed at the end of the
corridor, and Jo’s calling for him so quickly it makes Rocket’s head spin. He’s still trying to
grapple with the idea that she’s going to be putting herself out there, alone, with no back-up –
right into the grasp of the bumbling, greedy idiot who’s currently power-drunk, holding them
captive, and has a raging hard-on for her.

It only takes seconds for her to convince the Ravager guard to pass on a message to
Taserface.

“Can you tell him I’m sorry? I was just..well, I was frightened earlier. You’re all so
intimidating, and I was still scrambled from getting overpowered by you all earlier. I said
some — just awful things to him, and I feel so bad.” Her voice is weird: fluttery, breathy, a
little higher than usual. Rocket has heard her when she’s breathless, he’s heard her react to his
hands in her hair — memories he keeps ready to pull out almost any time he’s either in the
showers or wants to torture himself — and this ain’t real. Then she pauses, and gives the
guard a wide-eyed stare that Rocket also knows isn’t real, because he’s pretty sure he’s seen
almost all her soft looks already.

This one’s fake.

“If the new captain still wants that drink… please tell him—“ She tucks her head like she’s
blushing, even though Rocket knows she’s not, because he’s seen her blush before “—that I’d
be honored to make it for him myself.”

The Ravager guard listens to her with big eyes, then backs away and scurries down the
catwalk.

“You really think Taserface is gonna buy that?” Rocket asks, but he’s less skeptical and more
frustrated. If the mutineer doesn’t – if she tips her hand–
Rocket’s stuck in here, and he’s not going to be able to do anything for her.

Not that he’s been particularly helpful lately. He’s been acting like an ass since they’d killed
the abilisk. He hadn’t even slept with her last night, and he’d been a dick all morning –
ignoring her, then stalking off.

He hadn’t even fuckin’ slept with her last night.

“Yeah, I do think he’ll buy it,” she answers him firmly. “Guys like that…what matters most is
the opportunity to look good in front of their flunkies. I just have to be wide-eyed and
apologetic and flattering, and he’ll lap it up.”

He can barely hear her. All he can think about, suddenly, is that he hadn’t slept with her last
night, and he’d mocked her for asking him to, and then he’d thrown the memory of her sister
in her face. And he might not ever get a fuckin’ chance to curl up under the blankets next to
her heartbeat or her pussy again.

Once again, Rocket thinks he might vomit.

He knows he doesn’t have any right to be mad at her. The batteries, the fight — that has all
been him. And he can’t say what he would’ve done if she hadn’t come for him like a forest-
ghost or a goddess of the hunt, even with the added complication of Nebula. Or what they
would do now, if she wasn’t putting herself on the line for them again.

He might not have any right to be mad at her.

But he is anyway.

His temper flares again, but Jo’s already holding his gaze.

“It doesn’t matter,” she says gently. “It’s not real.”

“It’s not real humiliating?” he asks sharply, and she cracks a tiny, true smile, and gives him
one of her stupid winks.

“Nope. I’m never embarrassed about being underestimated.”

The guard is striding back down the grated walkway, two others in tow. Goons Two and
Three have electrobatons they’re ready to use while One cautiously opens the door to let Jo
out.

And then she’s gone.

Rocket leans against the bars of the door and tries to breathe in the last little bit of her as she
goes. Curlflower tea. That damn honey-lotion.

He grits his teeth and closes his eyes.

“Stop worrying’ so much,” Yondu says quietly from across the cell. “You said before that she
was good an’ smart.”
“Yeah, yeah. Shut the hell up.”

The silence is cloying.

“You could be a little nicer to ‘er, ya know,” Yondu adds, minutes later.

“What?” Rocket snaps.

“Quill’s Earthgirl. Jolie. Maybe hold her hand when she offers it to ya.”

Rocket snorts. “Thanks for the relationship advice, you fuckin' loser.”

“Bet she’d like it if you stopped threatening to kill her and started tellin’ her you appreciate
‘er, too.”

Rocket waves a hand dismissively — scornfully. There’s no way he could ever tell Jo what
she was worth. Her heart might be big enough and generous enough and stupid enough that
she’d found space in it for him, but what could he say to her that wouldn’t ring hollow,
coming from a degenerate like himself?

Princess, I know you got your heart broke a million times by life and the galaxy and damn
near everyone who was supposed to take care of you, and I know you punish yourself for it
and hate yourself for it every day, ‘cause I guess that’s how you noticed the same shit in me.
But I wanna tell you that you’re really a good, sweet girl and the galaxy’s lucky to have you
in it and I want you to believe that. And yeah, I know I’m a heinous fuckin’ miscreant with
emotionalistic issues who almost tossed you out in the street and stole your ship and
abandoned you a million times. I know I almost hurt you – tried to. I know I put our whole
family in danger ‘cause I’m such a fuckup. And I know I lose time at least twice a day
thinking about making you sob and beg for my dick.

But believe me anyway, sweetheart. Pretend my opinion on you really fuckin’ matters.

Rocket curls his lip, mouth sour. “Remind me - it was you being sweet-as-pie that had Quill
leaving your clan at his first chance, huh? Let me guess — you told him you appreciate him
too? That you were proud of him? Called him son an' told him you loved him?”

Yondu’s face goes grim.

“That’s what I thought,” Rocket jeers. “You got regrets, Old Man? Don’t put ‘em on me.”

Yondu’s face shifts into something more relaxed. He sits for a moment, like he’s actually
considering Rocket’s words.

Rocket sighs, and leans his head against the lattice of the cage bars. He waits. The silence
drags.

Then:

“I told that girl to get rid a’ you the day she took you off this ship.” Yondu’s voice is pensive,
thoughtful.
Rocket’s whole body flinches before he can force himself into rigidity. He tries to breathe
himself into careful casualness. He examines his claws: all nonchalance. “Must’ve been real
convincing,” he snarks.

“I said you were gonna be bad news for her.”

Rocket feels the skin around his eyes tighten and a tic start in his jaw. He scans the catwalk
impatiently – breathes in to see if he can smell Jo returning yet. Listens for footsteps.

“I said if she let you outta that cage, you might tear her apart.”

His gut clenches. Those predictions had only been – what? A thread of self-restraint away
from accuracy? One soft smile or forkful of scrambled eggs away from becoming prophetic?
He’d wanted to, once upon a time. He’d wanted to crunch his teeth into her pretty wrist that
very first night.

He feels his ears flatten in warning, and his eyes narrow.

“Do you ever stop talking, Old Man?”

“But here you are, frettin’ like an old woman when you can’t watch out for her.”

Rocket’s already rigid, but somehow his muscles suddenly become so brittle he could almost
break.

“Was Thanos’ cyborg-daughter right?” Yondu asks, curiosity sliding over every word. “S’that
little girl your lover?”

The silence goes on forever. What is with all these idiots sticking their noses in where they
don’t belong?

Rocket swallows. Licks his teeth. Tries to make his voice as bored and disinterested as
possible. “All you people are so obsessed with where I’m putting my dick.” His heart is
thudding behind his metal sternum – for no fuckin’ reason.

Yondu shrugs. “She said she was sweet on you,” he reasons. “She said she’d like to — well,
ya know — every day for the rest of ‘er life. Kinda sounds like lovers-talk to me.”

Rocket is already shaking his head. Because yeah, those words are now burned into his heart,
branded on the pulsing red muscle, and he’ll be replaying them in the showers once they get
out of this mess — I am sweet on you, Rocket; please fuck me every day for the rest of my
life, please keep me wet and dazed and happy all the time — but he knows Taserface had
been right for once in his miserable frickin’ life.

“She was just angry,” he echoes. What was it Jo had said to Groot earlier? “We all say shit we
don’t mean when we’re angry.”

Yondu stares at him, then snorts. “F’you say so.”

Rocket scowls. “What’s it to you anyway, Old Man?”
Yondu shrugs. “I just never had someone like that myself,” he muses, “not after the other
Ravagers cut me off. Might’ve had the chance once, but not after.” He eyes Rocket
measuringly. “Seems like it might be good for a person, in the long run.”

“Okay, Grandpa,” Rocket says dismissively, rolling his eyes. “Are we done now? I’m tired of
listening to your frickin’ memoirs.”

The Centaurian pauses, then says, “You’re too smart for your own good, Rat. I know you’re
thinkin’ bout every word I’m sayin'.”

Rocket doesn’t respond to that one. When did this jackass become so frickin’ insightful,
anyway? It’s annoying.

They sit in silence for a long time, waiting. For time to pass, for Jo to come back with the fin,
for something to happen.

“She’s a good kid,” Yondu says at last, his voice echoing quietly on the now-empty catwalk.
“I’ve always liked her.” He eyes Rocket consideringly. “Kinda hard not to.”

Rocket sighs, then props elbows on his knees and covers his eyes with his hands. He breathes
in through his nose, trying to catch any scent or sound that means Jo might be on her way
back. Yondu’s apparently not giving up in his efforts to chat. And to be honest - Rocket
doesn’t hate it. Even though he should. Even though this asshole had meant to send him back
to CounterEarth.

Maybe Quill had learned it from Yondu: the annoying ability to be likable despite also being
so obnoxiously stubborn and intrusive.

Rocket sighs again, and closes his eyes against his palms and breathes in again, and prepares
to continue his long wait.

“Yeah,” he concedes quietly, and the words echo in the quiet corridor. “Kinda hard not to.”

++++

Jolie has never really had to grapple with the morality of deceiving others. Generally
speaking, she avoids it. She prefers to be authentic because it allows others to be the same,
and so she doesn’t lie very often — but it’s not something she’s thought much about behind
that. Besides, she’d learned long ago that people would believe whatever they wanted to
anyway, no matter what.

She supposes she has her parents to thank for that.

But today, she’s already lied – to Rocket, no less. I’m good, she’d said. Just a little beat up.

Nothing I can't handle.

The truth is that her ribs ache with every breath. She doesn’t think any are broken, but she
can’t say the same for whatever’s happening in her shoulder. It feels like someone’s crushed
her shoulderblade with a sledgehammer or clipped her collarbone with an oncoming train.
There’s a pulsing, dull, monotonous echo of the pain she’d felt when the Cosmi-Rod had
snapped her leg like a pencil, just relocated into her upper arm.

Her fingers on that side are a little numb.

But now, the real lying begins. Now, lives depend on her ability to make Taserface think she’s
interested. Her own life. Yondu’s. Most importantly, her copilot’s.

Maybe others.

So she approaches Taserface with eyes downcast, and she talks about how big and
intimidating she’s found him ever since they first met, and she asks if she can try to make up
for it by making him a Honchi Sun Sweet with Ginsky.

And then another.

And then another.

She goes heavier and heavier on the ginsky each time.

The drinks he encourages her to make for herself are watered down, and poured out when no-
one’s looking. She toasts to the future of Clan Taserface: stronger and harder and more
generally phallic than any other Ravager clan that has come before, or that will ever come
after.

Blah blah blah.

She pours drinks for everyone, again and again. She toasts. She toasts again. She encourages
them to toast too.

Taserface does try to convince her to sit in his lap a few times, and she agrees - “right after I
get your men another drink!” Once or twice, he touches her jaw or her hair with those
enormous grimy fingers of his: fumbling and thoughtless and nothing like Rocket’s. He
mumbles things she’s sure are meant to be seductive, but are tedious at best. Once, he reaches
for her breast clumsily - but she dances out of reach before he makes so much as a whisper of
contact, pretending to be distracted by someone else’s call for another drink.

Before he even gets to cop a feel.

It had been more of a promise than a wager, really. She’d seen how worried Rocket had been
— on her behalf — and it had wrenched at her heart. He cares. So much that he’s afraid to.

She’s more nervous than she’d pretended to be while they’d been in the cell, arguing over this
plan. It had been another lie, of sorts. By omission, perhaps. She’d willed Rocket to believe
she’d be fine, but it doesn’t stop her from having to pace her breathing now, or shake out her
trembling fingers discreetly behind the canteen’s bar. She reminds herself that Taserface is
not enough of a critical thinker to question her motives. He won’t want to doubt her — not
when she’s catering to his ego. So she flashes sweet smiles, and she tries not to imagine
bending Taserface’s fingers backward when he reaches for her hip.
“Relax,” she says instead, laughing and darting around the mutineer’s grasp. She supposes
she’s talking to herself as much as him. “You’re the captain,” she reminds him, gently
pressing her fingertips against his wrist – pressing his hand down and away from her. She
tries to channel the same energy she’d given him cycles and cycles ago, when she’d told him
to offer Yondu two-hundred-thirty-thousand units for a certain caged copilot on her behalf.
She slides the drink into his hand and taps his chest. “Let me just take care of you.”

His eyes nearly fall out of his head. She turns back to the bar, trying not to flinch – or shoot
him a glare over her shoulder – when she feels his stare on her ass. Instead, she grimaces and
pulls her sweatshirt down over her hips.

“Did ya hear that, men?” Taserface bellows from behind her, so abruptly and loudly that she
almost jumps “The lass wants t’take care a’ me!”

She swallows back a grimace and instead sends her most saccharine smile over her shoulder.
She imagines being empty and echoing, all her annoyance and apprehension seeping out of
the soles of her boots, sinking into the floor. Later, she promises. She’ll get this monster and
his lackeys so drunk they pass out in their own vomit, and then she’ll get the fin, and then
she’ll get Rocket.

And once she has him out of that fucking cage – again – she’ll be able to be herself. Even if
he’s mad about it.

Which isn’t something she can afford to think about. When she remembers the look in his
eyes – concern and fear, with the edges set fire and burning furiously – her bones feel like
hollow wind chimes, resonant with guilt and misery. She can feel her face fall, and right now
she needs to keep that mild, pleasant expression on her face.

She pours more drinks. As soon as Taserface finishes one, she’s pressing another into his
hand. He blinks at it, then manages to grab a fistful of her sweatshirt, tugging so hard she
nearly falls into him. The urge to pull away rises in her throat like bile but she swallows it
down and leans in, pressing into the side of his chair at just such an angle that he’d have to
twist in his seat to put his hands on her. He must be mollified by her closeness because he lets
the shirt slip from his massive grip.

“Sit, lass,” he says, gesturing again to his lap and taking another swallow of nearly-pure
ginsky.

“I will,” she promises again. “I just want to make sure you have everything you need.” She
tries to manufacture something doe-eyed, tries not to wince. “I want to be… attentive.”

He looks so fucking pleased and satisfied that it makes her want to hurl.

So she slips behind his chair, out of his reach, and heads back to the bar. Pours another round
for the room, another fake-cocktail of mostly-water for herself, raises a glass to the room
again. The Ravagers are starting to drop: sitting on the stairs and in corners, slamming back
drinks and resting their heads in their arms at the bar. From here, it looks like Taserface is
starting to wobble a bit, so she pours two more drinks for him – largely, straight ginsky. A
fight breaks out on the floor as she brings them to him, and she has to dodge a thrown body.
Luckily, the glasses remain unspilled, and when she gets to Taserface’s knee, his eyes are –
finally – bleary and unfocused.

“Hey,” she says lightly.

“Lass,” he slurs. “Sit in my lap. In front of my crew. I want them to see–”

She grits her teeth. “I don’t think I deserve to yet,” she says meekly. “I was so rude earlier,
and I haven’t been keeping your drinks coming.” She hands him the first drink, then takes his
empty glass and presses the second drink into his newly-emptied palm. This time, when he
gropes for her, she evades him easily and he nearly tumbles out of his chair.

“Let me get the boys one more round,” she tells him. “Then I’ll come back to you.”

Some part of her twinges with guilt. She’s drugging him. She’s absolutely drugging him. All
of them, really. And she’s not an idiot – she doubts either Rocket or Yondu are interested in a
stealthy escape at this point. All these people are going to die.

She stifles a sigh. A whole Ravager clan, gone up in smoke in the course of a single cycle.
Half of them by the others’ hands, and half of them done in by the captain they’d betrayed
and two outsiders. It’s disheartening, really.

But desperate times call for desperate measures. The pulsing ache in her shoulder reminds her
that Taserface is an irredeemable asshole, and she only has to think of Tullk and Phaedor
floating out into the infinite abyss to remind herself that none of these bastards have clean
hands.

And besides, she’s not taking her chances with Rocket’s safety.

She watches from the bar, pouring more drinks as Taserface slugs down one of the drinks and
tosses the glass to the floor. She flinches when it shatters, but it’s probably the twentieth
broken glass of the night. He tosses back the second, and sways, then leans back in his chair.
The remaining glass slides from his thick fingers and the thick bottom cracks when it hits the
ground.

She waits until his spine softens into a slump and his legs sprawl, and she pours another
round of drinks for the ten or so remaining Ravagers. The majority of the chamber has been
emptied out, and the last handful are so deep in their cups that Jolie could probably announce
her intentions from atop the bar, and they’d neither notice nor remember.

She slips away, and then strides down the hallway. If anyone is still awake and about, she’ll
tell them she’s retrieving something for Taserface. Stealth will probably do worse for her in
this situation than acting like she belongs here.

She’s seen the bunks before, and she’s able to navigate herself there without issue. A dozen
or so have apparently staggered their way to their beds after all, and the drunken snoring is
cacophonous. She finds the little bedstand, and the drawer squeaks when she slides it open.
Fortunately, these Ravagers are used to louder noises while they sleep – and tonight they’ve
been drugged by alcohol and hubris.
  Jolie finds the fin easily, and tucks it into the waistband of her leggings, hidden under her
  shirt.

  She hesitates, then peels back the loose, draping neckline of the sweatshirt to check the
  shoulder she’s been favoring since the mutineer had gripped it. Her skin there is blued and
  purpled, and her collarbone aches on that side.

  She’s probably lucky.

  When she looks up, someone’s silhouetted in the doorway, watching her. For a moment, her
  heart leaps into her mouth, but then she recognizes the lanky silhouette.

  Kraglin.

  She hesitates, then approaches him. “Sorry,” she whispers. “Taserface just asked me to bring
  -“

  The former second-mate sighs and steps back, letting her ease past him into the corridor.

  “Don’t lie to me, Earthgirl. I know what you were doin’.”

  She hesitates.

  “D’you got it?”

  She nods mutely. He looks so sad and lost, and she knows how much he admires and loves
  Yondu. There’s no way he anticipated…all this.

  She reaches out, grabs his hand, and squeezes.

  “S’been a long day, Jolie,” Kraglin mumbles, and then sniffles.

  She closes her eyes and pulls him in for a hug. “I know, Krags,” she whispers. “I’m sorry.”

  He hangs onto her for a second, and she feels tears falling onto her bruised shoulder. Then he
  pulls back and clears his throat.

  “Let’s go.”




Chapter End Notes



    hey hey. i love you all. someone tell me to stop editing the chapters i already have
    written and actually finish writing the drafts of all the rest (i'm stuck in an editing loop -
    i just keep refining 17-21 and i need to finish drafting 22-26. ugggh) hoping to get the
    next chapter out on the 14th my sweet little gingerbreads.
i really enjoyed writing this chapter though, and i hope you enjoyed reading it! ♡
accidental love-confessions from my sweet pining idiots.



join me on tumblr if you want! ♡



Coming soon: Chapter XIX. He Was Loved.
in which a planet is killed, a friend is made and lost, and nobody still has any frickin’
tape.
                                     Chapter 19: He Was Loved.
Chapter Summary



      in which a planet is killed, a friend is made and lost, and nobody still has any frickin’
      tape.



Chapter Notes



      cw for a description of a hand being injured. i don't think it's super-graphic and it's being
      described from the perspective of an outsider so there's not like, a nuanced discussion of
      pain or anything.


See the end of the chapter for more notes



   Having Kraglin at her side makes things easier. To start with, Jolie doesn’t have to wait for
   Yondu to kill someone with his arrow so she can raid their body for keys.

   Rocket’s already waiting when they arrive. His narrow, meticulous hands are wrapped around
   the bars, nose pressed between them, eyes on her before she even comes around the corner
   and onto the catwalk with Kraglin in tow. There’s something in his eyes when she walks up,
   but she can’t figure out what it is. Instead, she’s struck by how beautiful he is: the curved line
   of his narrow nose, his liquid-dark eyes. Her heart aches enough to match her shoulder:
   bruised and broken. She wishes he would believe her if she told him.

   Jolie swallows. Because she had told him, hadn’t she? Or to be more accurate, she’d told a
   chamber full of Ravagers. How much she wanted him, how much she—

   But Rocket hadn’t mentioned it other than to chastise her for angering Taserface. He's being
   gracious, she supposes — pretending it never happened.

   She should probably take his lead.

   Yondu’s also looking alert, she realizes as she draws closer. She wonders how they'd known
   to expect her right then, like they could see around corners or felt her coming. She supposes
   it doesn't matter, though — both of them are eyeing Kraglin suspiciously now. She wonders if
   she should step in and explain, but then the Ravager speaks.

   “I didn’t mean to do a mutiny,” he tells his captain. His voice wobbles. He swallows, and
   doesn’t bother trying to hide the tears in his voice when he says, “They killed all my friends.”
Her eyes prickle against her will. He sounds so bereft. She looks at Rocket, who’s got one
brow raised skeptically. Her copilot glances at her and he must see something beseeching in
her gaze. He pauses, rolls his eyes, and then huffs a half-bitter, half-incredulous laugh.

“Trust you to go looking for a weapon and come back with an ally, princess.”

She casts her copilot a crooked smile and a wink. “Why not both?” Then she peels up the
bottom edge of her sweatshirt and untucks the fin from her waistband, passing it through the
bars to Rocket so he can run his hands over it and figure out how to reconnect it for Yondu.

She can see her copilot try to muffle a chuckle behind a swiped paw, like he doesn’t want to
encourage her behavior too much. It fills her belly with that warm fluttering that almost
makes her forget the bruising ache deep inside her shoulder. She watches, entranced, as he
slides his fingers lingeringly over the prototype, learning it by touch alone. “Good girl,” he
admits grudgingly, and she tamps down on the frisson of eager delight that blossoms in her
abdomen and sparks through her brain.

“Get the Third Quadrant ready for release,” the Ravager captain says to his new first mate,
nodding his acceptance.

“Uh, one more thing,” Rocket interjects. “You got any clones of Quill’s old music on the
ship?”

Kraglin nods, unlocks the door, and eases it open, then heads off to do his captain’s bidding
while Rocket continues to examine the loose wiring on the old piece of tech. Yondu stays
patiently on the floor while her copilot prods through the docking station in his skull.

Jo watches him admiringly. How does it take him less than a minute to figure out how the fin
should connect to Yondu’s remaining hardware? Rocket gestures her over and positions her
hands on the apparatus, showing her how to hold it close to Yondu’s head so he can snake his
narrow fingers between them and adjust some wiring or terminals that neither of them can
see. He does it all by touch alone: light-fingered, quick. She watches what she can see: the
way the tendons flex in the backs of his hand as he curls his digits, as he grips and twists
wires. Jolie watches, and she thinks she can count the number of times Rocket has had his
hands on her. It’s definitely not a high enough number.

Unfortunately for her, the only person who’s wanted to touch her lately is Taserface. She
flinches.

“You all right?” Rocket murmurs under his breath. She suddenly realizes how tired she is,
how much she wants to curl up in his voice.

“I’m fine,” she says softly. It’s not a lie, she reasons.

He takes the fin from her and locks it onto the Centaurian’s head, then gives Yondu a little
slap on the back of his head, like he’s just closed the hood on a car. Jolie stifles a startled
laugh.

“All done, Old Man,” her copilot states dryly.
Yondu stands, and Rocket reaches for her – hand sliding between her thighs casually in a way
that makes her heart stammer against her ribs. He tugs, handling her, pulling her in front of
him as he strides past her on the other side. It takes a second for her to realize he’s effectively
tucked her between himself and Yondu. Then his fingers tap the back of her thigh and the
three of them stride onto the grated catwalk just as the opening notes of one of Quill’s songs
is humming into the ship’s speaker system. Jolie barely has time to deal with the hot flush of
warmth rising from her chest into her cheeks: too much lust again, yes – she’s too fuckin’
easy, apparently – but also the embarrassment of once again having to be protected.

She doesn’t have much time to be humiliated, though. Jolie has never seen Yondu’s arrow in
action before, but as it sings along a line of red laser-bright light, it reminds her of a dance – a
ballet, maybe. A ballet of murder, sure, but beautiful nonetheless.

Not that she’d tell him that.

The first bodies fall and Rocket’s already grinning gleefully, smugly pulling what she thinks
is a BN1 blaster and some kind of triple-barrel ion pistol from the carcasses. He has an
unerring instinct for firearms, Jolie thinks - if one is anywhere in his vicinity, it might as well
already be in his hands.

Maybe it’s fucked up - how much she admires his casual, flawless aim, the grin he wears
when he’s killing people. But she reminds herself that these bastards had killed Tullk and
Phaedor and a number of other Yondu clan Ravagers she’d liked, that they would’ve turned
her copilot and Yondu over to be killed by the people paying their bounties – and she decides
she doesn’t care if it’s fucked up after all.

And Rocket is fucking beautiful while he does it.

When they reach the chamber with the security screens, Rocket’s eyes narrow. He gets this
look of intense concentration she usually only sees when he’s trying to make something he’s
never made before - and it makes her grip her lip with her teeth.

He centers himself among the screens, then raises one hand, pointing his newly-acquired gun
to one side, almost experimentally.

He pulls the trigger, and a neat hole punches through the door.

Onscreen, a Ravager buckles on the catwalk.

The corner of Rocket’s mouth pulls back in a grin of pure, spiteful delight. He meets Jolie’s
gaze slowly.

“Get down, sweetheart,” he says, and she immediately crouches low.

Seeing him in action has always been a gift, Jolie thinks. From the very first moment she’d
wrapped up her job on the Dead Morrigan and had come home to find him stealing every
piece of tech he could get his hands on, she’d only wanted to watch him work. Countless
shared rotations in the cockpit, she’d borne witness from the corner of her eye as his quick
clever hands and unerring instincts made something new, and she’d treasured each moment.
Whenever he’s in his element, his confidence burns to the surface and everything moves so
quickly: his eyes, his mind, his fingers and palms.

Now he turns reflexively, tail swinging behind him, firing shots through walls and doors in
accordance with whatever he sees in the screens. His instincts are flawless, and the look of
satisfaction on his face makes her toes curl inside her boots.

Jolie has never really considered herself a lover of violence, but apparently she could watch
him kill people for hours.

He must notice something in the monitors because she sees his ears flick and his face shift
and he whirls toward Yondu. “No,” he snaps.

Yondu whistles once, sharply, and then says, “We’ll be fine. I got an escape plan for us.”

“Don’t care,” her copilot answers. “I want a chance at that hand first.”

Yondu stares at him, then sighs. “I don’t think that gesture’s gonna mean much to her–”

“Oh, it’s all for me, Old Man,” her copilot says bitterly.

“Wait,” Jolie says, brow furrowing. “What? What are you–”

“I’ll be right back, sweetheart,” Rocket’s telling her. He tosses her the BN1 blaster and she
catches it awkwardly, trying not to flinch when her numb fingers fumble and her arm
wrenches with the sudden movement. “That’s Katie,” Rocket tells her, and gives her one of
those over-exaggerated winks he’d been practicing before everything went to hell on
Sovereign. Jolie doesn’t have time to register that he’s already named his new gun in the two
minutes since they’d left the cell. “She’ll take care of you. Stay with Yondu.”

“But–”

He drops to all fours and sprints out the door, gone so quickly she can’t say anything. She
turns, half-panicked. “Yondu –”

“We’ll wait right here,” the Centaurian says, sounding annoyed. “Shouldn’t take him that
long.” He nods to the screens.

She can see Rocket darting from camera to camera, catwalk to catwalk: legs a blur, tail
flicking for balance or streaming behind him. She rises from her crouch and drifts toward the
screens, chest hollow, wanting to be as close as possible to what she’s seeing. She traces a
shaky, nervous finger over the edge of one screen.

“I can’t believe he gets so mad at me for going off on my own,” she tells Yondu, “and then
pulls shit like this–”

“I’m not gettin’ in the middle of that,” Yondu interrupts her, and whistles again. Every time
Rocket disappears from frame, Jolie catches her breath. This time, when he reappears,
Yondu’s arrow is hovering over his shoulder, and that makes her breathe a bit easier.
He exits one screen, and then launches into view on another – the catwalk that Taserface is
stalking down.

She gasps so hard it’s a hiccup, her heart suddenly rising up so high in her throat that it hurts
the roof of her mouth. On screen, Rocket leaps up and slams into the mutineer’s back and
shoulder, practically tackling Taserface from behind. It’s hard to tell on the screen, but it
looks like Rocket has taken the giant completely by surprise. Taserface stumbles and staggers
forward, and then reaches for her copilot, and Jolie’s heart is trying to escape her ribs. It
thuds so hard that her breastbone aches and she can’t breathe.

But in the blurred sights of the camera, it looks like Rocket takes advantage of Taserface’s
reach. He grips the mutineer’s wrist, hauling it toward him, and his clever hands twist and
wrench, and Jolie thinks her copilot might be breaking every single one of the man’s fingers
in that hand. The Ravager’s knees buckle and he hits his knees on the catwalk. He’s clearly
bellowing. He reaches backward with his uninjured arm and he must be able to grab a hold of
Rocket’s jumpsuit or something, because he throws her copilot off the catwalk and into the
chasm of the ship’s belly below.

Jolie’s palm slaps against the screen – not on purpose, just instinctively. Her heart is gone —
not in her mouth, not in her throat or her stomach. Just collapsed out of existence. A terrified,
broken little mew escapes her lips.

“Yondu – Yondu–”

But Rocket — somehow — drops back into view from somewhere overhead, right onto
Taserface’s other shoulder, gripping a handful of the Ravager’s hair to hold himself aloft.
And when the mutineer unthinkingly reaches for her copilot with both hands, Rocket lifts the
triple-barrel ion pistol almost lazily, presses it to Taserface’s palm, and fires.

Taserface must yell again. He must. Even through the screen she can see the blood and tissue
shreds, the neat hole punched in his hand. He leans back on screen and his mouth is wide
open. Rocket looks up at the camera, salutes with a snarky grin, and darts away, flashing
from screen to screen in a reversal of his original journey.

He’s bursting through the door right as Yondu whistles a high-pitched note, but Jolie’s not
paying attention. She’s lunging for the door as soon as Rocket comes through it, pitching to
her knees on the grating and wrapping her arms around him as he freezes, every one of his
limbs going stiff and still as she crushes him into her chest and presses her mouth again and
again against his brow and the velvet fur on the crown of his head. Her bad arm screams, but
she doesn’t care.

“Why?” she’s asking frantically, and it almost sounds like a sob. “Why would you–”

A soft boom shakes the ship, and she nearly loses her balance despite her lower center of
gravity, almost pitching forward on top of her captive copilot.

“Off,” he snaps, pushing her arms down and trying to wriggle out of her grasp. He leans back
as her vision blurs, tears welling on her waterline, and she feels him freeze in her arms.
“Sweetheart, I’m–”
A second shudder wracks the ship, and Rocket’s eyes are on hers now. He grimaces.

“I just wanted that dickhead’s hand,” he mutters, halfway-apologetic.

She blinks and the tears spill over her lower lashes, over her cheeks. “But why–”

He doesn’t answer, but his eyes drop to the shoulder where Taserface had bruised her, and
she’s suddenly very glad that it’s currently covered by the lopsided collar of her oversized
sweatshirt.

“I’m fine–” she tries to tell him, but Yondu is interrupting.

“C’mon, lovebirds. We gotta get going.”

She doesn’t want to let Rocket go, but he’s peeling her arms off him, almost distastefully. She
doesn’t have the capacity to be humiliated right now, so she just flushes and releases him.
Later, she promises herself. Later, she’ll remind herself of how anxious he was to get out of
her embrace, and she’ll stew in her mortification, cringing with her entire body every time
she thinks of it.

But for now, she’s just grateful that he’s okay. The relief is what keeps the tears coming,
balancing on her lashes and rivering over her cheeks. She climbs to her feet and Rocket looks
up at her, head tilted and brow furrowed, before he knots his fist in the hem of her sweatshirt
and pulls her along behind him.

Yondu leads them through another hatch and down a catwalk, and finally up a ladder to the
flight deck of the Third Quadrant. Kraglin is waiting for them there, poised at a lever behind
the navigation panel.

Yondu grins. “Release the Quadrant,” he drawls.

Kraglin returns the grin, clearly giddy as hell to be back at his captain’s side. “Aye, Captain!”

The ship creaks and thuds again, and there’s the deep thunking noise of a massive part of the
Eclector undocking. Jolie follows Rocket toward the flight controls as he slides into the first
mate’s chair. Kraglin is still standing, so she takes the second’s seat behind her copilot.

“Where to, Captain?” Kraglin asks Yondu. Jolie’s eyes flick to Rocket - he’s already
preoccupied with typing in flight coordinates and setting their route.

“Ego,” Rocket says, his voice low as he hits the final key and the Quadrant jolts forward,
pressing Jolie back into her seat.

“No, boy!” Yondu turns and yells, but it’s too late - they’re already in their way. When
Rocket looks askance at the newly-restored Ravager captain, the latter shouts, “It ain’t
healthy for a mammalian body to hop more than fifty jumps at a time!”

Rocket looks insulted. “I know that!”

“We’re about to do seven hundred!”
The next few moments are a whirlwind of useless panic, roiling stomachs, blistering
pressure-headaches, and stretched muscles. Jolie feels her joints pop and compress more
times than she can count. She almost vomits twice and is weirdly grateful for the ripples of
condensed gravity that come just in time to keep her insides inside and push her back into the
second’s chair.

They stop so abruptly that Jolie is tossed out of her seat and onto the grated floor, biting back
a scream at the impact resonating up her arm and into her bruised shoulder. Every bone feels
like it’s smashing into the next. Her knees hit hard against the metal grid for the second time
in just an hour. This time, her leggings tear and she knows she’s going to have brutally-
skinned knees. She tumbles toward Rocket, who has also been thrown to the ground, and
locks her forearms against the sharp floor to keep from colliding with him.

Christ. She wants nothing more than a glass of cool water, a handful of anti-inflammatories,
and a firm mattress. Rocket wheezes and shakes his head like he’s trying to dislodge
something. She sits up and looks around, eyes unfocused, before she sees Kraglin holding his
nose and gulping air through his mouth, like he’s trying desperately to pop his ears. Even
Yondu looks dizzy as he rises to his feet and turns on Rocket.

Through the enormous window, she can see a planet: misty red and purple, glittering in the
void. Clouds of stardust curl up into the atmosphere, and swirl beckoningly.

“What the hell you doin’, boy?” the Ravager captain yells.

“Whoa,” Jolie says, and reaches a careful hand to her copilot, still hunched on the edge of the
flight deck like he’s gonna hurl. “We’re okay, Yondu. We made it. We’ll be fine after some
rest and - “

“That ain’t the point, Earthgirl!” the Ravager captain snaps, but Rocket’s already responding.

“I could tell by how you talked about him,” he rasps. “This Ego is bad news. We’re here to
save Quill.”

Something must have happened after she left the cell on the Eclector. They must’ve talked
more. “What do you—“

“For what?” Yondu interrupts, his eyes locked piercingly on Rocket. “Huh? For honor? For
love?”

“No,” Rocket snips incredulously. “I don’t care about those things.” His voice turns to a snarl.
“I wanna save Quill so I can prove I’m better than him. I can hold this over him forever.”

Liar, Jolie thinks, but doesn’t say. Not that Rocket wouldn’t hold it over Pete’s head. He
absolutely would.

But it’s not the reason why he’s doing it.

He cares so much he’s afraid to.

“Rocket,” she says softly.
“What?” he asks, turning to her and sounding — simply curious. Like he really has no idea
what she wants to say. But it doesn’t matter, does it? Not now. There will be time later — she
hopes — to sort this out. To make sure he knows he’s loved.

You can’t count on extra time.

She looks at him helplessly, still on her scraped knees.

Yondu suddenly breaks into raucous laughter. “Ohh, she’s got you dead to rights, Boy!”

“What’re you talkin’ about?” her copilot snaps in frustration, whirling back to the captain.
“And why are you laughin’?”

Yondu’s smile is all pleased — and a little mean. “You don’t care about honor? You don’t
care about love?” The Ravager’s mouth is curled, teeth bared, eyes narrowed. “Look at yer
girl and say that again.”

Rocket’s jaw drops a little and his eye skitter to Jolie’s, alarmed, and she blinks in confusion.
“Wait,” she says, holding her hands up in some kind of surrender, trying to parse through it
all. “I — what—“

“You can fool everybody some a’ the time,” Yondu sneers in Rocket’s direction, “and you can
fool yourself all the time, I expect. But you can’t fool me, Boy. Not even for a minute.”

Rocket turns back to the Centaurian, scoffing, but Yondu’s eyes are dark and almost
threatening. Jolie tries to intervene because this all feels suddenly very dangerous.

“Yondu—“

“Bet your girl knows you enough to know you’d give up damn near everything to look out
for your li’l gang of friends.” The Ravager captain grins: a ragged, mocking maw of ivory
and silver. “Bet everyone else can see you’d give up damn near everything to look out for
her.”

Oh, god. She watches Rocket’s ears immediately flatten with something like panic and her
heart cracks open. “Rocket—“

“But me?” Yondu interrupts. His voice is full of danger - urgent in a way that Jolie knows
Rocket will read as a threat. “I can see it all, Boy. I can see exactly who you are.”

Jolie watches her copilot’s hands curl into clawed fists. “Rocket —“

“You don't know anything about me, loser,” her copilot snarls.

“I know everything about you,” Yondu taunts. “I know you play like you're the meanest and
the hardest, but actually you're the most scared of all.”

Rocket almost backs up a step. Jolie can see the half-stagger, like he’s scared, like he’s been
shot. Her eyes are so big in her face, darting back and forth between them. She wants to get
in between them. She wants to curl around Rocket and protect him.
“Shut up, Old Man,” he snaps, teeth bared.

Yondu only advances a step. “I know you steal batteries you don't need, and you push away
anyone who's willing to put up with you—“

Yondu gestures expansively at the planet before them, and then points directly at Jolie. She
flinches as Rocket’s frantic, hunted eyes dart back and forth from Yondu to her.

“—'cause just a little bit of love reminds you of how big and empty that hole inside you
actually is.”

“I said shut up!”

The warning is dangerous, seething, panicked. She’s never seen Rocket look so trapped, not
even when he’s been in an actual cage. Her sternum cracks inside her chest, and pours out
aching rivers that run over her ribs and into her arms, out the tips of her fingers. She grips the
grated floor, and hurts with him.

“Yondu—“ she tries again, but she’s ignored as the Centaurian steps forward again. She casts
a desperate glance at Kraglin, who shrugs hopelessly. Of course he’s not going to step in right
now — he’d just fomented a rebellion against the captain in question, however accidentally.
For Kraglin to intervene would be stupid.

“I know them scientists what made you never gave a rat's ass about you.”

Her heart lurches brokenly behind her ribs. Yondu’s got that glint in his eye — the one he
tries to hide from Pete, the one that says, I’m gonna do my best to take care of you, kid. But
Yondu’s approach has never been nuanced and she’s so afraid that whatever comes out of his
mouth will cut too deep. She reaches for Rocket.

“I'm serious, dude!”

His eyes flash from Yondu — looming over him — and down to her, on the floor. Darting
back and forth: frantic. Cornered. She stretches her hand out. Her fingers ache for him. It
doesn’t matter if he takes them, but he has to know they’re there.

Waiting for him. Always.

“Just like my own damn parents who sold me, their own little baby, into slavery!” She can
hear the big Centaurian thumping his chest, yelling now. Claiming it. Jolie’s heart is in her
mouth. She can feel her eyes go glossy with tears, hand still up and open-palmed. Rocket
suddenly goes still: chest heaving, eyes wide. His eyes lock on the Ravager captain’s.

“I know who you are, boy.” Yondu’s voice heaves, caught between between lungs and ribs,
between a snarl and something gentler. He leans into Rocket’s face. “Because you're me.”

The words fall heavy onto the grate: thudding, and rattling the metal. It’s surprising, Jolie
thinks, that the ship hasn’t tilted with the weight and finality of them.

There’s a beat of silence. Then two.
She flutters her eyes closed, trying to give them whatever privacy she can. But she wants to
imagine the tension in Rocket’s shoulders as he surrenders to Yondu’s words, to the gift
Yondu is trying to give him. She wants to imagine his fists: easing open. Relaxing.

“What kind of a pair are we?” her copilot asks quietly, and the tears again push their way
gently from behind her closed lids, clinging on her lashes yet again. What’s with the crying
today? she thinks raggedly. Maybe it’s a result of exhaustion, but she thinks it’s actually the
softness in his voice that does it — softness he probably doesn’t even realize he’s capable of.

The silence lingers — long — and she hears the soft hush of movement from Rocket.

And then she feels him — a careful, stroking finger down the center of her upturned, offered
palm. Her tear-clustered lashes flicker and jump upward: stunned. Rocket’s eyes skitter to
hers and then away, but his hand folds around hers, his thumb sliding soothingly across the
well of her palm. Her heart stutters, startled and confused at the feel of her hand in his.

She’d never expected him to take it.

“The kind that’s about to go fight a planet, I reckon,” Yondu says flatly, turning back to the
viewing screens, and Jolie blinks.

Rocket’s hand spasms around hers. “Wait - a what?”

++++

Once they’re loaded into the extra construction pod that Yondu had on the Third Quadrant
and break through the atmosphere, Jolie is able to get Gamora on comms. When they hear
Nebula in the background, Rocket’s eyes go wide.

“Is — is Groot there?” he asks, and he sounds so fucking wrecked that it breaks Jolie’s heart
all over again.

“Yes, Rocket.” Gamora’s voice pauses in its briskness — and becomes uncharacteristically
gentle for a moment amidst the chaos. “He is here, and he is well. He wants to see you.”

For a moment, her copilot’s eyes are shining with tears, and he swallows heavily. Gently,
Jolie nudges him with her elbow and when he looks up at her, she winks.

“Yeah, yeah,” he mutters to her, then leans into the transmitter again. “Tell Groot I’ll see him
soon.”

She swears she sees a little grin in the corner of his mouth, though.

The transmitter blinks on Rocket’s screen. “Get your belt on,” he tells Jo, gesturing behind
him with one clawed hand. “We got the element of surprise,” he says to Yondu as they coast
over the strange floral beauty of Ego. “Gonna use my favorite trick since Xandar.”

“It’s like you got a taste and can’t stop,” Jolie teases, locking herself into her seat. The strap
is snug across both shoulders and she just knows it’s going to hurt her injury. Still, she keeps
her voice light. “Just gotta be the bullet at this point.”
Rocket rolls his eyes — she can tell even from behind him. “Yeah, yeah,” he drawls, even as
Yondu’s starting to ask, “What are you—“

Rocket yanks the yoke and the whole construction pod crashes into some kind of temple.
There’s a moment of recognition where Jolie clocks Ego’s startled face, but then Yondu’s
yelling, “Hey there, jackass!” and Rocket is yanking upward on the yoke. Something flares
an ethereal blue, and then shatters into sparks and mists.

The impact throws Jolie forward in her seat. Her torso strains against the belt, arms and legs
tossed loosely. She bites her lip to hold back the lightning-crack of pain in her shoulder, and
blood wells against her teeth, bright and coppery. Her hair’s fully given up its restraints at
this point. It unspools from her alien hairpins like a banner, streaming between Yondu and
Rocket in the pilots’ seats before snapping back into her own face and lap.

She doesn’t take a breath - she just unlocks her seatbelt and staggers to the sensor panels that
open the doors, right as Drax and Mantis and Nebula reach the threshold.

Groot is perched on the Luphomoid’s shoulder.

“You could’ve killed us all!” Drax shouts plaintively, and Rocket turns his seat, already
rolling his eyes.

“Yeah, yeah. ‘Thanks, Rocket. We appreciate your timely intervention so much.’”

“We had it under control!”

“We did not,” Mantis intervenes. “That is only an extension of his true self. He will be back
soon.”

There’s a clanking sound from outside, and then Gamora is helping heave Pete over the side
of the hatch. Drax and Mantis move to help, and once Jolie’s eyes run over the two of them
and she’s reassured they’re okay, she turns back to the blue cyborg.

“Thank you, Nebula,” Jolie says, earnest, and the Luphomoid blinks her liquid-dark eyes.
“For taking care of him.”

Nebula rolls her eyes. “The Seedling is unharmed. I have returned him. I want only a ride off
of this rotten planet.”

“I am Groot!” the Flora Colossus adds excitedly. “I am Groot!” He springs from Nebula’s
shoulder to Jolie’s, and Jolie swallows back a cry. If her face goes pale and ashen, only
Nebula is in any position to notice — and though the Luphomoid’s eyes narrow, she says
nothing. Jolie’s grateful for that. She plucks up Groot in her other hand, kisses his forehead,
and immediately walks him back to Rocket, who’s turning in his seat.

“Destroyed your brand-new M-Ship, huh?” Rocket’s already snarking at Nebula.

“I guess you two have something to bond over,” Jolie intervenes lightly. “I know you never
met a ship you didn’t want to use as actual ammunition, Rocket.” She delicately deposits
Groot on the arm of his chair, and Rocket looks up at her, scooping Groot onto his shoulder.
There’s something indefinable in his eyes — something not entirely new, but shifted.

“Is she always so relentlessly — whatever-she-is?” Nebula asks Rocket hoarsely.

“Worse,” he tells the cyborg dryly. “I’m not sure how she won you over, but I ain’t frickin’
surprised.”

“I have not been won over, Fox.”

“He’s not a fox,” Gamora snaps from where she’s still steadying Quill.

“I am Groot.”

“M’not a raboon either,” Rocket says distractedly.

“I am Groot.”

“Raccoon. Whatever.”

“How do we kill a Celestial?” Drax cuts in urgently, peering out through the windshield as
the shimmering blue light begins to coalesce: tentacles of writhing, burning lightning,
sentient and vindictive. The electricity grabs their little construction pod — squeezes it,
throttles it, shakes it. Tries to crack it like an egg.

“There’s a center,” Pete says distractedly, staggering toward the cockpit so he can peer out
the windows as well. “It’s like…his brain? Or maybe his soul?”

“I’m assuming that’s where he’s vulnerable, then?” Jolie asks, but Pete’s still wheezing, still
staring out the windshield, scanning the terrain. Jolie cranes her neck to look around him at
their new companion. “Mantis—?” The very fact that the empath is with them seems to
indicate some shift in loyalties.

Sure enough, Mantis nods.

“It’s in the caverns,” the dark-eyed woman says in her lilting voice. “Below the surface.”

Then Pete’s turning in the small cockpit, eyes wide as something in the pod crunches and
creaks. “Yondu?”

“Thrusters’re out,” the Ravager captain says awkwardly from the other pilot’s chair, trying to
avoid his adopted son’s gaze.

Jolie twists between Pete and Rocket — one person too many in this cockpit now — and
drops to her scraped knees by the control panel, sliding open a plate and examining the wires.
Rocket might be the better mechanic and engineer, but she can manage this — it’s basic
enough. Her hands work quickly. “You all are impossible. Are you allergic to like, even one
authentic moment?”

Pete shoots her a downward glance, but shifts backward, trying to give her room. “Your boyf
— your best friend is like, the worst of the worst, Earthgirl. I don’t think you get to be judgy
—“

“Hey!” Rocket interjects, like he’s offended.

Jolie rolls her eyes, joining a couple of wires with a twist. “I’m judging all of you.” But she
feels a smile flicker at the corner of her mouth because she’s pretty sure Rocket just self-
identified as her best friend.

“You still reckon I kept you around for your thievin’, you idiot?” Yondu asks Pete. “You
weren’t even good at it.”

“That’s what you told me, you old doofus!”

Yondu clucks his tongue. “Once I figured out what happened to them other kids, I wasn’t just
gonna hand you over.” The pause is infinitesimal, and Jolie looks up and over her shoulder to
meet the Centaurian’s gaze. She rolls her eyes at him again, and he swallows. “Couldn’t,” he
corrects himself, looking away.

“You said you were gonna eat me!” Pete yelps.

Jesus Christ.

“That was bein’ funny!”

“Not to me!”

“Thrusters should be back online,” Jolie says, and Rocket’s already pressing buttons on the
screen while Yondu readjusts himself behind the second yoke.

“You people have issues,” Rocket says offhandedly, brandishing a distracted finger in Pete’s
direction. “Don’t compare yourselves an’ your weird hang-ups to me, ever again.”

But he doesn’t sound mad.

“Of course I have issues!” Pete yells.

Yondu hits the thrusters and Jolie tumbles back onto her ass and probably would have rolled
directly into Pete’s feet if Rocket hadn’t reached down — without even looking — and
caught her: clawed hand spread flat and warm and wide against the top of her spine, just
under her neck.

“That’s my freakin’ father!”

She peeks up over the control panel just in time to see Yondu propel them through the
gathering cloud of twisting blue stardust: Ego forming in front of them like a storm.

“Stay down, sweetheart,” Rocket tells her distractedly, and Pete’s leaning across Yondu,
pushing on the yoke: aiming them down toward a crevasse in the planet’s surface. Rocket’s
hand slides from her back as their equilibrium shifts into a vertical dive, and she has to lean
away from the control panel to avoid smashing her face into the underside of it.
“We should be going up!” Yondu yells over the rickety roar of the thrusters, but it doesn’t
look like he’s fighting Pete for the yoke.

“We can’t!” Pete says. “Ego wants to eradicate the universe as we know it. We have to kill
him. Rocket!”

Jolie can’t see what’s happening but her copilot rasps, “Got it,” and reaches up to flick a
switch overhead. She can hear something clanking as it powers up, and then a sharp buzz and
the boom of an explosion. The pod jolts and Rocket’s lifting himself out of his seat to hit a
series of buttons that she now assumes control the demolition lasers, shifting and redirecting
them as needed. The construction pod rattles as it continues its vertical decent. Jolie grips the
base of Rocket’s chair where it’s anchored into the ground, and tries not to slide while her
copilot hoists himself up to continue redirecting the lasers at a breakneck pace. He moves so
quickly that she could almost think that he’s precognitive: some kind of oracle of destruction,
seeing the danger and blasting it apart before it even becomes real.

“So, we’re saving the galaxy again?” he asks, almost rhetorically. He shifts a control lever.
For the briefest fraction of a second, between whatever magical havoc he’s wreaking up on
the control panel, his hand reaches out to touch the crown of her head, like he’s making sure
she’s still there.

Pete makes a sound that might’ve been a sigh if there had been more time. He’s given the
yoke back to Yondu, and he’s hanging onto the Centaurian’s chair, trying to keep his own feet
under him as they dive into the core. “I guess.”

“We’re really gonna be able to jack up our prices if we’re two-time galaxy savers,” Rocket
tells him, grinning.

Pete scowls. “I seriously can’t believe that’s where your mind goes.”

“It was just a random thought, man.” He glances down at Jolie between controlling the
demolition lasers, and makes a face. “Can you believe this guy? I thought we were friends.”

She raises an eyebrow as they hurtle. Every jolt has her bouncing on the grated floor. “Of
course,” she agrees, her voice shaking out of her with the impact of whatever they’d just
mostly-dodged. “Because you care about the planets, and animals on the planets…”

“And the buildings on the planets,” Rocket adds agreeably.

“And the people,” Pete reminds her copilot, almost growling, and Jolie laughs. To her
surprise, it sounds skittish, half-panicked. She must be more nervous than she realized—

Rocket winks at her, and for whatever reason, the little gesture calms her. “Ehh.”

He’s so kind and he doesn’t even fucking know it.

Almost forgotten behind them, Mantis giggles. It’s a sound of rebellion. Freedom.
Revolution. For a second, Jolie thinks of Carina, reaching for the power stone on Knowhere.
Maybe, if she had gotten free of the Collector, she would’ve sounded something like this.
Jolie looks over her shoulder and — yeah, there’s Mantis, and Nebula, and Gamora and Drax
— standing. Jolting and wobbling, yeah, but not relegated to the floor because they’re likely
to be knocked off their feet.

She winces and tries to block the thought from her mind. Plenty of time to feel incompetent
later.

They dive to the center of the planet while Quill eases back into the chair Jo had been using
before, locks himself in. As quick as he can, he spits out the rest of what he learned from Ego
— what he learned about himself. She’s trying to listen, even as she’s being bounced and
jostled against the floor.

And then Rocket’s got a hand at the base of her skull, lacing through a massive handful of her
hair and locking his fingers into a fist. It’s the only warning she has before the pod snaps
against something and her body jolts and yeah, her scalp is aching now, but she’s pretty sure
she would’ve gotten whiplash and possibly broken her face on the bottom edge of the control
panel if her copilot hadn’t been holding onto her head.

Something in her registers the strength it must’ve taken to keep her so steady with just a
forearm and a fistful of hair, but then his hand is feathering away, fingers sweeping over her
tender scalp so briefly and so soothingly that she might almost think she’d imagined it if it
weren’t for the muttered sorry, princess from overhead.

But the pod is in a quiet float now, and she can hear Gamora yelling that they’ve lost part of
the hull. Yondu guides them steadily through the quiet, and it might be strangely pretty if
everything weren’t so ominous.

“There is Ego’s core,” Mantis says from behind them, and Pete looks back at her, then points
it out to Rocket and Yondu.

“The ore looks thick,” Gamora tells Rocket, and he nods.

“I’m on it.”

Jolie can hear the demotion lasers clinking into place.

“We must hurry,” Mantis is saying from the back, and the tension is so thick in her voice that
Jolie shivers. “It will not take long for Ego to find us.”

Yondu guides the pod into position and angles it, and Rocket tells him to keep it steady, and
then the pod jolts again and Jolie can hear the searing sound of the lasers, sizzling against the
core’s hard shell.

“We got this,” Pete is saying. “We drill in - and we kill him.”

There a rough crackle, and then Kraglin is on the comms. “Hey, uh, Captain. Remember that
Ayesha chick?”

Yondu’s brow furrows and Jolie looks up just in time to see Rocket’s face go slack — then
haggard.
“Oh! Hell!” Yondu half-shouts, and yanks on the yoke. Jolie spills sideways onto the floor,
the side of her skull slamming into the edge of Rocket’s seat. She leans onto one forearm,
everything ringing and shimmering, and the pod jolts and swerves and tilts.

It only takes a second to shake the black sparks out of her eyes — maybe less — but Rocket’s
already down on the ground beside her, crowding her into the alcove under the control panel
and against the front of his chair, right where his feet would be if he was still sitting in it.
“Stay there,” he orders, and she’s too dazzled by head trauma to argue as the pod spins
sideways. She looks back to the hold and watches as her friends hit the floor and slide —
Drax and Gamora and Mantis all skittering along the grates toward the hole in the hull.
“Groot—!” she yells, eyes scraping frantically across what she can see of the ship.

She can’t find him.

“Why aren’t you firing the lasers?” Quill is bellowing.

“They blew out the generators!” Rocket shouts back — not angry, just trying to be heard over
the sound of blaster explosions. “I don’t— I don’t know—“

He’s still down on her level and she reaches for him, her fingers hooking into the soft fur of
his elbow. He turns to her, brow creased with worry, chest heaving. His eyes are frantic and
she wonders, for a second, if he’s thinking of his first family. If he’s thinking he’s going to
lose them all again.

She tries to put all her faith into her voice, folding it gently and tucking it in as neatly as an
overstuffed suitcase. She drops her tone low on purpose, so he has to lean in to hear her, so
he has to focus on her, instead of on the panic that she suspects is starting to spiral up in his
throat.

“You’re the most creative, clever, brilliant person I know,” she tells him, making her voice as
hushed as fresh-baked bread on a window sill, and soft as sunrise and feathers and moth-
wings. “What do we do?”

He looks at her, and blinks, and then he’s moving without even bothering to answer —
sprinting out of the cockpit on all fours, as fast and as fluid as he can go. “I packed a small
detonator — ” he calls back to Pete and Yondu, and she can’t see him anymore but she knows
his hands are quick and fast, and she can just make out the sounds of various little pieces of
metal clinking together.

At least they’re flat again, and Nebula is still here — and there’s Groot, safe, tucked into the
Luphomoid’s shoulder once more.

“A detonator is worthless without something to detonate,” the cyborg points out, and there’s a
delicate clinking noise.

“Well, we got these.”

“Can it kill Ego?” Pete asks from the cockpit, and there’s a brief silence.
“If it does, we’ll all be in trouble,” Rocket says grudgingly from the back. “It’ll cause a chain
reaction throughout his nervous system —the whole rock’ll explode. We’ll have to get out
fast.”

Pete curses and taps the button on his aero-rig. The metal armor snaps out over his chest and
he strides toward the hold.

Jolie slides out from under the control panel. Yondu casts a sideways look down at her from
the pilot’s seat and grimaces. “You okay, Earthgirl?”

“Mmmhm,” she hums, but her eyes are already searching for Rocket. I can’t stay hidden
under the fucking control panel, she thinks. I can’t be that useless.

“Jo.” Rocket is back around the corner, eyes sharp. Claret, she thinks inanely. Claret-red in
this light.

“I can’t keep hiding,” she say to him. “I can’t - “

He hesitates. “Put up your hair,” he tells her then. The hair tie is still tangled in her wild locks
thanks to the two pins attached to it; she yanks it out, taking a dozen strands with it, and
twists it back up into a knot as quickly as she can. Her shoulder aches and it’s a surprise,
honestly, because the adrenaline has allowed her to forget how much it hurts. As soon as her
hair is secured, Rocket’s leaping up, slapping the aero-rig to her back. The armor snaps out
and she’s already tugging her sweatshirt into place underneath, hiding her grimace when the
metal clamps tight on her bruised arm and collarbone.

“I am Groot,” Groot calls from Nebula’s shoulder, and leaps across to jump onto his adoptive
father’s shoulder.

“Stay by me,” Rocket tells her. “Don’t — don’t get outta my sight. And do what I frickin’
say.”

Even the toddler is more tolerated on missions like these, she notices.

Put it away, Jolie. Worry about it later.

Then Rocket’s in the air, one hand extended toward her, and she lets her feet leave the
ground.

They dodge blasts and shrapnel and detritus, crumpling pieces of living planet. She holds her
own — the aero-rigs really are intuitive, and she’s a natural when it comes to feeling the best
way to move, or judging where the incoming rocks and blasts are going to hit. More than
once, she reaches out to hook her fingers against Rocket’s forearm — and each time, he
pauses just long enough to avoid being hit by flaming debris. Groot leaps from Rocket’s
shoulder to hers, right over the chasm between them, and Jolie’s heart nearly chokes her. But
he’s fine — little arms stretching to hang onto her, then clambering up over the rig to cling to
her hair.
Rocket points, and they hit the hole in the core that he’d started with the lasers, throwing
themselves forward to dodge another Sovereign blast and colliding with the tunnel walls
painfully. Jolie catches Groot before he can hit the ground.

Pete’s waiting.

“I don’t know if we got far enough through the ore,” Pete tells them, and Rocket’s already
shaking his head.

“For the bomb to work, we’d actually need to place it on Ego’s core. And none of us are
gonna fit through those tiny holes.”

There’s a pause, and then Pete’s looking at Groot consideringly.

“No,” Jolie says immediately. “Absolutely not.”

“But—“

“It’s a terrible idea,” Rocket adds as soon as he catches on.

“We always have terrible ideas,” Pete points out, “and we always figure out how to make ‘em
work. So, uh—“ he looks at Rocket hopefully. “—make it work?”

And then her fucking brother steps off the edge of the ore, activating his aero-rig and
launching out into the space around the core.

Rocket and Jo both stare at him as he leaves. “Unbelievable,” Rocket grouses under his
breath. "Rocket, do this. Rocket, do that."

“I don’t want to send Groot in there,” Jolie says immediately, her fingers curled into fists.

Rocket half-turns and looks up at her, and she can see the minute his eyes go soft with
understanding. “Jo—“

“No,” she repeats, and her voice cracks. “What if something happens—“

“We’re all gonna die if he doesn’t,” Rocket reasons, and his voice is as gentle as the night
he’d collected her in his arms after hearing about her sister. “Including him.”

“But what if he gets hurt and we don’t die?” she asks, and she can feel the panic rising in her
gut. “What if he’s stuck in there, or he gets lost, or — I can’t — I can’t —that’s worse, right?
That’s very much worse—“ Jolie swallows. She’s suddenly certain that Rocket is wishing he
would’ve left her in the fucking pod, left her back on Berhert, left her in Xandar or on
Conjunction. “I know I’m being a pain in the ass,” she whispers, “But I don’t want him to be
alone in there. He’s just — little, Rocket. We’re supposed to be the ones taking care of him.
There has to be something—“

Rocket’s eyes are big and he opens his mouth to say something — maybe to tell her, yes, you
are being a pain in the ass; this is our only frickin’ shot, you moron. But then something
pulls on her boot. They both look down, and there’s Groot, tugging at her laces and holding
his arms outstretched.

She huffs an achy laugh and leans down to pick him up, letting him sit on her unbruised
shoulder and lean into her cheek.

“He’s gotta go,” Rocket says quietly. “He’s gotta go, and you gotta stay in this damn tunnel
and wait for him. You can’t be out there in the fight right now.”

I fucking knew it, she thinks, and it’s like her already-halved heart crumples into quarters and
splinters. She can feel it show on her face.

“I swear, Rocket, I swear I can help—“

“I know you can,” he interrupts, his voice tight. “Sweetheart. Hey. I know you can. But I
can’t. I can’t frickin’ think with you out there.” His exhalation is harsh. “And staying here is
just as important. Groot don’t fit in an aero-rig. You gotta be here to take him up top to
Kraglin — fast — when he gets out.” He sucks in a breath. “And he is gonna get out,
princess. There ain’t any Sakaaran scouters or Kree slavers in there. He’s actually prob’ly
gonna be the safest out of all of us, t’be honest.”

“I am Groot,” Groot says from her shoulder, petting her face. “I am Groot. I am Groot.”

She grits her teeth so hard that she can hear them click and grind in her temples. Her eyes are
wet and achy.

“I know, Sprout. I love you too.”

“I am Groot,” says Groot, and she’s pretty sure her heart spills out onto the blistered metal
floor.

“Okay,” she agrees, and her voice is broken. She curls her hand around Groot, and kisses the
top of his head, and lowers him to the ground of the tunnel. Rocket sets the bomb — she can
see now he’s made it from the anulax batteries — and gestures Groot closer.

“Alright, kid. First, you flip this switch, then this one. That activates it. Then you push this
button, which will give you five minutes to get outta there. Now, whatever you do, don't push
this button, because that will set off the bomb immediately and we'll all be dead. Now, repeat
back what I just said.”

“I am Groot…”

“Uh-huh.”

“I am Groot.”

“That's right.”

“I am Groot!”
Oh no.

“No — no, that's the button that will kill everyone.” Rocket sighs, pinches the bridge of his
nose, then looks up at Jolie. “All your worrying might’ve been for nothing, Jo, if we can’t get
him to figure this out in the first place.” He studies Groot intently. “Try again, kid.”

Groot grunts thoughtfully. “I am Groot…”

“Mmhm.”

“I am Groot?”

“Uh-huh.”

“I am Groot!”

“No! That's exactly what you just sai- how's that even possible?!”

“Sprout,” Jolie says. The words cut up the insides of her mouth. “Which is the button you’re
supposed to press?”

He gestures again to the wrong button and Rocket’s shoving his clawed fingers into the fur
under his ears, like he wants to tear it out of his head.

“No!!”

Pete’s head peers in from above. “Hey, you're makin' him nervous!”

“Shut up and give me some tape! Does anyone have any tape out there?! I wanna put some
tape over the death button.”

“I don't have any tape,” Pete replies, frowning. “Lemme check with everyone else!” He
disappears, and they hear him calling for Yondu.

“I don’t have tape,” Jolie says quietly, reaching into the bag buckled to her thigh, “but I do
still have these.” She feels for the soft sticks of pigment that Groot had used to draw his
picture on the Gemma Lynn/Milano. It feels like a lifetime ago. They’re broken now — only
to be expected after how much she’s been thrown around today, she supposes — but the
pigment smears easily on her hands.

Rocket tilts his head. “That’ll work,” he says, and she lowers onto her knees beside them.
The pastel-like pigment is so buttery that she’ll barely have to touch it to the button, and she’s
just about to press the remains of a black pigment stick to the device when Groot speaks up.

“I am Groot.”

She looks at Groot, then at Rocket.

Rocket sighs, and pinches the bridge of his nose again. “Whatever,” he tells her. “It’s worth a
frickin’ shot at this point.”
She reaches back into her bag and pulls out the yellow instead, and she draws a big golden
star carefully on top of the other button.

“Okay, Groot. Which button should you press?”

He immediately points to the gold star.

“Good!” Rocket’s yelling — practically cheering. “Good. Okay. You ready?”

“I am Groot!”

Before either of them can say another word, the little guy scoops up the battery-bomb and
makes a break for the core. For just a half of a second, Jolie sees Gemma — copper hair
rippling, the childish grin, coltish legs and knobby knees flashing as she runs away into the
field. She suspects Rocket knows exactly what she’s got flickering in her eyes. She feels his
shoulder lean against her thigh — just a brief touch, a moment of contact and comfort.

They watch him go, silent.

“That was a lot easier than I expected,” Rocket says after a minute.

Pete’s head pops over the edge of the tunnel again. “Nobody has any tape!”

++++

Jolie doesn’t know if she’s ever been as scared as she’d been when it had seemed like Ego
was going to win. Not even because they all might’ve died — of course, that too, but it had
been secondary to the knowledge that Groot had been trapped inside the ore hull surrounding
Ego’s core, and everything had been tightening up and strangling.

Groot had been whimpering. She’d dropped into a crouch on the metal tunnel floor, snaking
her good arm as deep into narrow channels as possible, and the pressure had trapped her too.
Of course it had. Idiot. She’d clawed frantically at the holes with her other hand, fingers
bloody, but she’d made her voice into something so soft and soothing that she hadn’t even
been certain it was coming from her own throat.

It’s okay, Sprout. I’m right here. I’m with you. You’re not alone, and I love you. I’m trying to
come to you, okay?

You’re not alone. I promise.

And then something must’ve happened because the narrow holes had eased back open, and
she’d yanked her arm out right as Rocket had landed back in the mouth of the tunnel. He’d
yelled for Groot — if you can hear me, hurry! I’m not sure how long Quill can keep him
distracted — and then leaned back against the tunnel wall, gesturing for her bloody hand.
She’d given it ho him, still on her knees by the narrow channels Groot had disappeared into.
Rocket had tsked when he’d rotated her wrist so he could assess the damage to her fingertips,
but he hadn’t had the chance to say anything else before Groot had tumbled out of one of the
little tunnels, right into Jolie’s lap.
Take him up, he’d told her, and she’d frowned.

Where are you—?

Gotta let the others know we’re ready to blow, he’d told her. He’d reached for her then —
middle finger skating over her right eyebrow, hooking back a little lock of hair. She’d felt his
touch skim over a cut in her forehead that she hadn’t known she’d had. I’ll be up. Take him.
Don’t wait.

So she had, getting solid ground beneath their feet just in time to see Drax resting Mantis on
the floor of the Quadrant’s cargo hold. Jolie had set Groot down and gone for medpacks
while Drax sat beside the empath, and she’d loaded up her arms with them, returning just as
Nebula and Gamora climbed into the hold. The latter had gone to Mantis immediately,
checking her vitals while Drax had climbed up the hatch toward the cockpit and Groot had
scurried over to Nebula.

The Luphomoid had looked down at the Flora Colossus, uncertain, then allowed him to
climb up her leg without complaint.

When Rocket finally lands in the bay, Jolie’s chest is hit with such a club of relief that she
almost staggers. She hadn’t let herself think, but now — with his return — the breath leaves
her lungs and she almost goes dizzy. She could almost collapse, she thinks vaguely. Her arms
are still full of medpacks, one in her hand, outstretched toward Gamora and Mantis.

“Are you okay?” Jolie asks Rocket, because his eyes are haggard, and the set of his mouth is
ragged and grim. “Love?”

Gamora looks up from checking Mantis’ vitals. Her brow creases. “Where’s Peter?”

Rocket’s eyes darken, and Jolie feels her stomach turn into a fist. Then her heart is in her
mouth and her blood is pounding.

“Rocket, where is he?” Gamora’s demanding, rising. “Rocket — look at me — where is he?”

He grimaces — then turns away.

From his new perch on Nebula’s shoulder, Groot points. Jolie’s skin tightens. She peers out of
the cargo bay doors, toward the crumpling ruin of Ego —already trying to calculate timing
and distance.

“No,” Gamora snaps, reaching for her blaster. “I’m not—“

Jolie reaches out and snags her hand. “Wait,” she tells the Zen-Whoberian. “Think. We can —
Yondu’s still down there, too. I think we can — Rocket!” She catches Gamora as the Zen-
Whoberian crumples, and the weight on her wounded shoulder almost makes her shriek.

Rocket stares at Jolie, electrobaton in hand.

“Don’t start, princess,” he says tiredly. “I’ll stun you too, if I have to. Don’t want to anymore,
but I sure as hell will if you make me.”
She blinks, easing down to the ground with Gamora in her lap. The Zen-Whoberian is
heavier than she looks: muscle, bone, and implants of her own. Jolie’s eyes go to Nebula’s,
begging, but the Luphomoid only shrugs and shakes her head.

“Please,” Jolie says softly. “Rocket, please.”

“What’re you gonna do?” he says to her, and there’s no anger in his voice at all. It just sounds
like a bruise. “What’re you gonna do that I didn’t? We ain’t got any more rigs or suits. You
gonna go down there and take yours off? Strap Quill or Yondu into it?” He snorts — but the
sound is more defeated than derisive. “You think either of ‘em would take it off you? I don’t.
Yondu will trick Pete into taking what I gave him — or he won’t, and they’ll both die down
there.”

“Rocket, please - “

He laughs softly, but the sound is hollow. “I’m still so mad at you for all the stunts you pulled
since Berhert, princess. I could kill you myself. Might, later. But for now—“ He swallows,
and when he looks at her, his eyes are wounded and glossy. The tears spill over and track
down through the fur on his face. “You said you’d stay with me.”

The words limp out of his mouth: a soft, precise, aching echo of that first night on
Conjunction. He hates to say them — she can tell — but he does anyway.

“You said, f’I wanted you to return the favor, you’d stay.”

The tears in his fur. The words. Every one of her ribs cracks inward with the force of them.

“Don’t make me stun you, Jo.” His voice splinters. “Promise me.”

She knows her lips are bitten and bloodless. “Okay.” Her throat is so tight it burns. Her eyes
burn, too: blurring. Miserable. Her arms are full of Gamora but she wants to reach for
Rocket, wants to pull him into her chest again if he’d let her. “Okay. I’m not going anywhere.
I promise.”

He looks upward. Heaves a breath. She can see how much it hurts him — just to be breathing
right now. Just to say the words.

“Kraglin!” he calls up the hatch. The edges of his voice are shattered. “Go!”

From the cockpit, Drax is yelling, frantic. “Rocket? Where’s Quill? Rocket! Where’s Quill?”

The cargo bay ramp seals shut, and the Third Quadrant rises steadily.

“Rocket! Where’s Quill?!”

Still, the Quadrant rises. Drax’s protests are futile. Below them through the thick armored
glass of the small bay windows, Jolie can see the fissures opening up on the surface of Ego.
Gamora’s head rests in her lap.
She turns her eyes to Rocket. He’s turned his back to them but she can see the grief in his
shoulders. He’s holding himself away from all of them: isolated, wrapped in pain. Her fingers
ache to reach for him again. Her heart splits like the wedges inside an orange. Everything is
divided and bleeding.

For her brother. For Yondu. For Gamora.

For Rocket. God, for Rocket.

And for herself.

She shakes her head, tears spilling, and strokes Gamora’s hair back from her face.

Below, the planet crumples. In her arms, Gamora stirs. Groot makes a little sad sound from
his perch on Nebula’s shoulder, and Rocket keeps his back to them all.

His shoulders are shaking. Jolie wants — she wants —

And then, over comms:

“He may have been your father, Boy. But he weren’t your daddy. I’m sorry I didn’t do none of
it right.”

For a moment, everyone in the hold is quiet.

“He must’ve turned the transmitter on so we could pinpoint ‘em,” Rocket says at last. His
voice cracks on all the edges, pieces breaking off his words and shattering on the floor.

Jolie strangles her voice up the hatch. “Kraglin! Track that transmitter!”

The Quadrant jolts into movement.

“I’m damn lucky you’re my boy.”

Pete’s voice, then. Awed. Baffled. “What?”

Then: panic. “Yondu, what are you doing? You can’t!”

A pause. The sound of fumbling, of muffled fabric on fabric. “Yondu! No — no! NO! Oh g
— no, no no. NO.”

The comms crackle.

They hear Pete’s breath catch on a quiet sob.

“No.”

++++

Jolie sits on the floor of the Third Quadrant with Groot after their quiet little funeral. The
Colors of Ogord shimmer and pop their way over the dark expanse of sky all around them,
seemingly endless.

The glittering hues swim in her tears.

She’s not sure what she and Gamora would’ve done. Probably just died too, to be honest.
Rocket is right. It hadn’t been like they suddenly had extra spacesuits on hand.

But still.

She tries to take solace in the fact that Yondu hadn't been alone. He’d had his son in his arms,
she tells herself. He’d been able to say what he wanted to say. She wishes — well. She wishes
she’d been smarter, stronger, quicker. Wishes she’d been able to dream up some solution,
something to save him. The regret will eat her whole if she’s not careful, so she tries to wrap
herself in the same truth she’d given Pete when they’d pulled him — shivering and clutching
his father’s corpse — onto the ship.

Yondu would have no regrets at all.

Still, she wonders what would have changed. If he’d survived. She wonders if he would’ve
joined their little family, or started a new clan of his own.

Something more whole than what he’d had before.

She watches while Rocket and Pete talk quietly on the flight deck of the Quadrant, staring
out at the fireworks. Groot has asked for his picture and pigment sticks back, so she sits with
him on the floor while he adds a blue figure with a red fin to his family portrait, and she
keeps her copilot and her brother in the corner of her eye. Drax and Mantis lean against the
wall behind her.

“I am sorry,” their newcomer says quietly, her voice shy and uncertain.

Jolie looks up to where the empath stands. This doesn’t sound like an I’m-with-you-in-your-
loss sorry - it sounds like an actual apology, like Mantis thinks she’s somehow to blame.

“Hey,” Jolie says softly. Her voice trembles. She swallows and tries again. “Hey. No need to
be sorry.” She wishes she could stomp the tremulousness out of her smile. “If I knew
anything about Yondu, this is exactly the way he would’ve wanted to go.” She swipes a quick
hand at her eyes and tries to grin. “Saving his kid and killing a fuckin’ planet.”

Drax huffs, and reaches down to pat Jolie’s shoulder. Thankfully, it’s the unbruised one.

“You are all so sad that I feel it even without touching you,” Mantis says mournfully. “You all
grieve.”

Groot finishes his careful coloring and hands the picture to Jolie for her approval. “True art,”
she tells him, and scrapes up a crooked grin and a wink for him. “I would know.” She folds it
carefully and puts it back in the bag, which she’s unbuckled from her thigh and laid aside for
now. Once again, he hands her each pigment stick one-by-one and she tucks them away. Then
he reaches up for Drax. The big Kylosian lifts him gently, and tucks the tiny Flora Colossus
into his shoulder. Groot yawns, and his eyes droop sleepily.
Jolie looks back up at Mantis, considering. “It must be a lot for you,” she says softly. “I’m
guessing you aren’t used to so many people at once. And I’m guessing Ego didn’t… mourn
like we do.”

“It is… overwhelming,” the empath acknowledges. “I want to ease this pain for all of you,
but I am not sure how.”

Jolie tries to pull up a smile. Fails. Gives up.

“It’s okay,” she says instead. “Sometimes it’s good for people to… grieve.”

“Why?” the woman asks curiously.

Jolie casts her eyes to the flight deck. At some point, Pete has put his hand on Rocket’s
shoulder, and they stand together, watching the fireworks in silence.

“So we can honor what we had. And what we still have." She keeps her voice soft. "So we
can take care of each other."

Mantis’ antennae tilt downward. “It is beautiful,” she murmurs.

“And so are you,” Drax tells her gently, still patting Groot’s back comfortingly. “On the
inside.”

Jolie huffs a soft laugh. It hits the air and breaks down the middle. “You’re gonna give this
poor girl a complex, dude.”

Gamora eases her way into the space, her face conflicted.

“Nebula left?” Jolie asks quietly, and Gamora nods. “I’m sorry.”

Gamora shakes her head. “She’s coming back,” she says quietly. They’re all holding onto this
solemn quiet in the aftermath. “She says she’s coming back. She wants to kill our father but
— I think she knows she could have a home here. With us. Now.”

Jolie reaches up with one hand, and Gamora meets her halfway. They squeeze each other’s
fingers: sharing warmth.

“I’m glad,” Jo says softly.

Gamora moves to the flight deck, and gently leads Pete away. That’s Jolie’s cue, she
supposes.

“Will you take him tonight?” she asks Drax, nodding at Groot.

“Of course,” the Kylosian agrees, and she wishes Mantis a quiet good night before heading
onto the flight deck to join her copilot, watching the tapestry of glittering fire and ash.

Rocket’s ears swivel when she enters the space, twitching toward her and tracking her
progress across the room.
  She comes up behind him, hesitates, and then sits cross-legged on the floor next to where he
  stands.

  He swallows. “I really just met him,” Rocket says, but she can see the silvery tracks of tears
  in his fur. The fireworks are reflected in his eyes: all the beautiful Colors of Ogord, shifting
  and raining down. “Shouldn’t be this… “ He gestures vaguely, and his throat works. “You
  knew ‘im better than I did.”

  “Well,” she murmurs, and rocks back onto her tailbone. “I knew him longer than you did. But
  I don’t think those are always the same thing. You knew each other differently.” She chews
  her lip. Softens her voice. “He — he saw you.”

  Rocket huffs a laugh. It’s shaky and she can hear the fractures in it. “Didn’t you hear him?”
  he rumbles. “He was me.”

  Jolie hums a soft acknowledgement. “Mmhmm. And.”

  For a moment, they sit in silence, listening to the pop and flare and fizz of the funerary
  fireworks.

  He asks when he’s ready, eyes sliding sideways to her in the shimmering rainbow-dark.
  “And?”

  She makes her voice into the softest, featheriest, most downy thing she can imagine. A place
  for him to lay his head, and rest.

  “And he was very loved.”

  For a second, Jolie thinks Rocket stops breathing. When he speaks, his voice is an ache in her
  pulse, throbbing in the delicate, bruised bones of her ribs.

  “Yeah,” he says quietly. “He was.”



Chapter End Notes



    i am sorry. (╥﹏╥) i played around with this idea of this not happening (an au of my au)
    but in the end i felt like the hero's end was such a beautiful scene and that my big blue
    idiot deserved to go that way. he's like my second favorite character so it hurt me too i
    promise. i hope i did him justice in these last few chapters
    ｡°(°.◜ᯅ◝°)°｡
    also we are heading into some steamy territory. smut hits soon and i think there might be
    pacing problems (we may move too fast afterward). also i was rereading my earlier
    chapters this week and i honestly don't know how you all stuck around so long. i'm so
    bad at beginning and i feel like the first five chapters of this fiction were....hard to get
    through in terms of quality. all of which is to say thank you for bearing with me, for
hanging around this long, and for being so supportive && encouraging. you are all my
heroes

also, join me on tumblr if you want! ♡



Coming Soon: Chapter XX. Some Nerve.
in which an ultimatum is given.
                                       Chapter 20: Some Nerve.
Chapter Summary



      in which an ultimatum is given.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   The first night on the Third Quadrant is a puzzle of logistics. There aren’t really any bunks,
   since the Yondu clan had mostly slept in a collective room that has since been blown up.
   Kraglin does show them to the captain’s emergency quarters above the bridge, which include
   a plush-looking berth-style bed, oversized and laden with furlike blankets. Otherwise, there’s
   only a dim common room and a kitchen-canteen, and a network of catwalks and boiler
   rooms, showers and vacant cargo holds. The spaces can all be converted of course — fairly
   easily, for the most part, and at least there are water-showers — but for now, finding
   comfortable places to sleep will be an exercise in creativity.

   And they could all use some sleep.

   Kraglin is probably the least exhausted of them, and the most familiar with the Third
   Quadrant other than maybe Quill. So the Ravager sets the course for Berhert, and off they go.
   The plan is to land by the end of the next rotation, make repairs to the Gemma Lynn and
   Milano, and get them docked to the Quadrant by the end of the cycle, if not sooner. Then
   they’ll just need to come up with a plan for the future.

   The future.

   Rocket is too fuzzy-headed to think about it now — too wrung-out with the loss of an ally
   who he thinks could have maybe been a friend — but something’s shifted. It had been
   shifting since long before he’d fucked everything up with the batteries — prob’ly since Jo
   had opened up her life’s savings and the cage door and her stupid-sweet arms for him.

   But he can’t think about that right now. Doesn’t have the capacity to. Instead, he focuses on
   getting the two of them through the sleep rotation. On getting her somewhere comfortable.

   On getting them both somewhere comfortable.

   If Rocket had been on his own, he would’ve just rigged up a hammock in a utility closet
   somewhere, dreaming to the lullaby of engines and pipes. But he’s not interested in sleeping
   without Jo tonight. It had been the height of stupidity – turning her away on Berhert. She
   could’ve died. Like, at least three times in the last rotation and a half: once trying to protect
   him on Berhert, once while stealing Yondu’s fin, once when she almost went back down to
   Ego to save their friends.
Rocket knows he’s always been running: from the High Evolutionary, from fellow bounty-
hunters, from Ronan the Accuser. From the death he knows should have gotten him when —
in ignorance and foolish hope — he got his first family killed. He’s always known it would
only be a matter of time before it all caught up with him.

But ever since he’d watched Jo walk toward him on the Eclector, hair streaming everywhere
and eyes wide, he’d been running from something else too. For so long, he hadn’t been quite
sure what it was — only that it had been coming for him on her fingertips, constantly
outstretched.

He’s pretty sure he knows, now.

Gamora and Quill have retreated to the captain’s bunk, though Rocket doubts they’re doing
anything other than sleeping in the shared bed, much like he will be with Jo. Drax has fallen
asleep on the couch with Groot curled up on his chest, and Mantis is up on the flight deck,
chattering endlessly to Kraglin.

Rocket finds a store of blankets in another closet. “Here we go,” he says to Jo, and she looks
bewildered but plays along.

Classic Jo.

He goes hunting with her in tow, and finally finds a little alcove behind a bulwark — not a
room, but something a little more isolated from everyone else — and begins building a
human-sized hammock right as the Third Quadrant corridor lights start dimming for the
manufactured sleep cycle.

“Oh,” she says, once she figures out what he’s doing. “Can I help?”

“Tch,” he clicks, shaking his head. “No, princess, just let me. It’ll be quicker.”

There’s a moment of quiet, and then she laughs softly. “I do just get in the way a lot, huh?”

He looks up and over at her, startled. She’s smiling with a wry, lopsided little twist to her lips,
but her eyes look all soft and misery-filled. Self-deprecating.

God, he frickin’ hates that.

You’re such a sweet fuckin’ girl, princess. There’s not much that’s good out here but you are.
You are. I know it’s just me saying so, but I want you to know that.

“We need you,” he says, not knowing where the words come from: just that they rise up from
his ribs, from behind his metal collarbone without any conscious thought or intention of his
own.

She shakes her head, chuckling, but she looks embarrassed – no, fuckin’ ashamed – and it
twists something up behind his sternum. “Rocket, I can’t even—"

“I only want you to be able to protect yourself,” he says flatly as he finishes securing the
hammock. He studies his knots, then undoes one and reties it. “As long as you can keep
doing that, I’ll be happy. Besides —“ He hesitates, then pushes onward. “You got me off the
Eclector the first time. You held off those jackasses on the Faraday. You saved Drax’s stupid
ass on Asgard — and mine. And who knows what we would’ve done on the Eclector —
again — without you.” He tugs hard on the hammock to test it. “You do enough. Anything
else, we can take care of. We need you. You… “ He flounders for a minute. “You’re home.”

She blinks. “I know I’m h—“

He cuts her off. “My home.”

Fuck.

“Our home,” he amends quickly, and scowls. She’s staring at him with big eyes, too many
emotions in them for him to identify. She’s always like that, though: too much heart, right
there at the surface. He looks away and tugs the hammock again. “Now get the fuck in.”

She climbs in awkwardly, hissing when she has to use the muscles in her shoulder. He
frowns.

“That’s the shoulder Fuckface hurt?”

“It’s fine,” she says mildly. “Just bruised.”

His eyes narrow skeptically as she leans back cautiously.

“It’s comfortable,” she tells him softly. “Thank you.” He can see her tilt her head — hesitate.
“Are you joining me?”

He had planned on it — but now, studying her, he thinks that maybe he should have asked
first. In the hammock, there won’t really be a choice about being pressed up against each
other.

Not that he’ll mind. Without intending to, he calls up the memory of curling into her
abdomen that night on Sovereign, before he’d ruined everything. He’d been drunk, but he’s
pretty sure she’d let him slide his claws up under the hem of her shirt. He’d thought he’d felt
the subtle flutter of her hips when he’d brushed his tail over the back of her thigh. He doesn’t
think he’d dreamed it up.

Am too, she’d snapped at Taserface. I’d gladly fuck him every day—

“I can build another one,” he says abruptly, watching her from the corner of his eye as he
looks away and shrugs.

She frowns. Or maybe pouts. It’s not an expression he’s used to seeing — not on such a
pretty mouth, not directed toward him — and for a moment, his brain stumbles.

And then she raises the arm attached to her unbruised shoulder like she’s reaching for him
and says, pretty as hell,

“Please?”
Fuck.

He’s sure his eyes darken and he hopes she can’t tell in the faded half-light of the dim
corridor. He won’t make her ask twice — not now, anyway, his brain mocks him. It’ll be a
different story when he replays the moment in his mind later.

Please, Rocket? Please? Oh — please—

He tosses a couple blankets over the bulwark within reach, snaps one out over her like a
tablecloth, and then leaps delicately onto the hammock, balancing himself carefully over her
with both feet and one hand gripping the taut edges of the blanket that cradles her. She shifts
to try and make room for him, opening the thin cover he’d spread over her to let him in, and
he nestles down against her on her unhurt side. The hammock flexes and presses him tight
into her softness and what the hell has he been thinking, sleeping in a bed with her all these
cycles? How had he not realized he could have been nuzzled up into her tits like this the
whole time? He’s pressed more tightly into her than he had been when she’d squeezed him
like such a desperate little thing back on the Eclector, after he’d ruined Taserface’s damn
hand. She’d scooped him up and crushed him into her breasts so snugly that he’d thought he
might die and not even mind it — but this is even better. The loose, ragged neckline of the
sweatshirt drapes low on her chest, and all he’d have to do is open his mouth just a little to
get a tongueful of the tops of her breasts. Open his hand and get a palmful of her — wherever
he reaches. He hesitates, and then justifies to himself that there’s no room and so he has to,
has to lace his arm carefully under hers, over her ribs, hand draping casually along her back.
She doesn’t pull away, though, and he risks a step further and presses his palm against the
small of her back, pulling her in just a little so he can get all that soft, vulnerable skin right up
against the fur of his face.

Her breath hitches and he can hear her heart stumble and then race. He almost snaps his arm
back like a spring, trying to react more quickly than her hiccuping protest, her what are you
doing? – but before he can, she sighs a little, and he feels her melt under his arm.

He almost fuckin’ wrecks it. Before his numb brain can process any of it, an exhausted,
incredulous laugh rises in his throat like an effervescent Xandaran wine. He punches it down,
as quick and hard as he can, but the half-panicked humor remains. Because what the fuck is
his life right now? He’d just behaved unforgivably on Sovereign and again on Berhert, had
almost died, had nearly gotten everyone else killed again – but somehow, he’s now still
tucked half on top of probably the prettiest, sweetest girl in the galaxy, folded over her
lengthwise, his leg pressed into her abdomen and his long nose and narrow jaw resting
against her throat. He shifts to ease his knee out of her belly, and as a result, he finds his inner
thigh hitched up against her. Which feels — dangerously — even better. It takes all of his
arguably-shitty self-control to not grind himself against her, to taunt himself with the feel of
her just on the other side of the armored fabric of his jumpsuit and her thin, soft little
leggings. He only holds himself back with the barest scrape of the reminder that he can’t
afford to ruin this thing he’s got with her.

They lay together in silence for a long time, and his thoughts slow. The urgency fades. He
still wants to fuck her – yeah, all the time – but her words from earlier on the flightdeck ring
quietly in his head.
He was loved.

He knows it’s just because Jo has the biggest, openest, most stupid-sweet heart in the
universe. He knows he’d be lucky to build his whole meager life around her. His thoughts
swim in and out and he realizes suddenly how tired he is. Everything now is quiet and safe
and he’s got his Jo under his arm and his fingers against the dip at the base of her spine and
maybe–

And maybe–

Before he can finish the thought, she lifts a hand. His eyes catch on the shadowed bones of
her wrist, the fingers sifting through the dim shifting light. He watches them as she reaches
for him, slowly: wrist turning, and then the back of her knuckles running gently over his
cheek.

“Is this okay?” she asks timidly, and he swallows and lets his eyes flutter closed.

He was me.

And he was loved.

“It’s fine,” he says quietly, and hesitates again. The words pull out of his throat, raw and more
hoarse than he’d like. “Thought you’d be mad at me.”

Her hand stills on his face. “For what?”

He snorts. “We don’t have time for me to run through the whole list, princess.”

There’s another moment of stillness, and then her hand resumes its careful caresses. “I’m not
mad. I was frustrated and worried yesterday, and sad. But mad? Now?” She clicks her tongue
softly and shakes her head. “Not even a little bit.”

He swallows, and tries to see how the words will fit in his mouth. “M’sorry for threatening to
stun you.” Never mind that, a few dozen cycles ago, he’d daydreamed about it: electrocuting
her silly and rolling her off the deck of the Gemma Lynn into the dust of Conjunction. The
memory barely rises in the back of his mind and he can already feel the onset of a migraine.

“Oh, b—love,” she says, and he’s too tired to ask her what she’d been about to say. “I — I
understand why you did. I probably would’ve tried to do the same thing.” She shifts a little,
and he lets his head drop below hers, the side of his mouth against her collarbone. “It was —
what? only a handful of minutes earlier that I was trying to keep Groot out of the core. And
before that — if I could’ve stunned you to keep you going after Taserface?” She laughs
softly. “You would’ve killed me after and I wouldn’t even have cared.”

She opens him up every frickin’ time. Looks inside him, at all his ragged burnt mismatched
parts, and says gently: See? We’re the same.

He clears his throat as her knuckles continue to stroke against the fur on his face. “And I’m
sorry for being such a dickhead on Sovereign. And Berhert. To everybody.” He swallows.
“Especially to you.” Her touch is going to either put him to sleep or give him the worst
erection of his life. He hasn’t figured out which yet.

“Everybody has bad days,” she murmurs sleepily. Her voice is so tender that it could fall
apart in his hands. “And you’re more than your bad days, Rocket.”

She’s so frickin’ sweet. His teeth ache.

He sighs, and his breath skates over her collarbone and the tops of her breasts and probably
down under the raggedy collar of her sweatshirt. It’s a nice thought. He lets her hand on his
cheek lull him, and he imagines being a little puff of air that can live forever between her
breasts.

++++

He wakes up exactly how he would’ve wanted to: curled up on top of her, jaw wedged right
into her cleavage. He only wishes he’d told her to take off her damn bra so he could be
nestled deeper, or that he’d gotten up inside her shirt while they were sleeping. He almost
nuzzles in before he remembers himself and freezes - but he doesn’t move, and she doesn’t
ask him to, not even after she wakes up a little. Instead, her hand drifts dreamily to the back
of his head, stroking, fingers burrowing deep into the fur behind his ears. Cautiously, he lets
himself melt over top of her: knees sliding down around the outside of her thighs, palms
cupping her ribs and fingertips tucking under her shoulderblades. He drifts in and out.

They doze for almost the full duration of the course to Berhert — twelve of fourteen hours.
Maybe he takes advantage a little: drowsily slipping his tail beneath her shirt where the rest
of him wants to be, letting it casually sweep over her ribs, flicker against the soft skin at the
edge of her stretchy bra band. She only murmurs something sleepily, and wraps her arms
around his shoulders and head, and pulls him in a little more snugly. Her fingers bury
themselves in his undercoat, gently as flower seeds nestling into soil.

He thinks he could stay here forever.

By the time they finally rouse and Jo rolls herself awkwardly from the hammock, they’re
both stiff with bruises. Someone is cooking something somewhere.

They find Pete in a kitchen, frying tins of canned meat. Food storage in the Third Quadrant
was never great, he tells them. Rocket looks around and he has to admit to himself that if
they keep this ship, it probably belongs to Quill by rights.

“I could make some modifications, if you want,” he offers awkwardly. “When we’re settled.”

Quill’s eyes light up. “I’ve been wanting a Rocket-original for cycles now,” he says easily.
“What are you thinking?”

Kraglin stops by to grab a bite before heading somewhere to get some sleep of his own, and
Rocket sits down with Pete and discusses water filtration systems, shower pods, expanded
food stores and kitchens, fully-private bunks. Upgrades to weaponry and engines systems.
Increased maneuverability. Maybe some modifications to the existing ports so they can better
dock both the Milano and the Gemma Lynn. They can already do that now — the Gemma
Lynn in the general port and the Milano in her traditional M-Ship bay — but it could all be
made easier and safer, more seamless and more convenient in the long run.

Gamora, Mantis, and Drax — with Groot — all eventually filter into the canteen while they
talk.

“It’ll be a while,” Rocket tells him. “This is a big project.”

“We got all the time in the world,” Pete says easily. “We’re family.”

Rocket recognizes that it’s not just a statement of opinion — or even “fact” — coming from
Quill. It’s meant to be a reassurance. And yeah, his heart still stutters into that old
defensiveness. But it’s almost like Rocket can see those feelings rising up in him now, and he
can ready himself to bat them away, to bite back on any compulsive meanness that rises in
him.

Or, most of it, anyway.

There are a few things, though - things that still scrape against his bones when he gets a quiet
moment and his mind replays the last few rotations without his permission.

When he thinks of Jo — trying to come to his aid alone in the woods, or serving herself up to
Taserface and the rest of his crew of mutineers without protection — the memories
themselves make him half-frantic. He remembers again that smeared, greasy hand engulfing
her shoulder — squeezing — and the dull click of bone-on-bone. The way she’d walked right
back out there into the fray, without him. Without anything to protect her. Without even
looking back. No hesitation, even for a second.

You can be mad at me later. Right now, I need you.

The only consolation was that he’d gotten to crack through each meaty joint in Taserface’s
grimy hand, wrenching and popping and dislocating and crushing each tiny bone with the
same meticulous thoroughness and delicacy he normally reserves for tiny bombs and
microtech.

You’ll never even be able to get a good grip on your own dick again, he’d hissed into the
mutineer’s ear, much less any part of a pretty girl’s body.

That’s what you get for touching a goddess.

Wrecking Taserface’s palm with the triple-ion blast had been just as sweet. Extra nerve
damage; too much missing to solve that with a simple medpack. If Taserface had managed to
survive, he might’ve had to amputate the whole thing.

Kinda sad that the moron is probably just icy ash floating through space now.

But fucking up Taserface’s ability to jack off hasn’t provided a lot of lasting satisfaction – not
when the real problem is the pretty girl in question. She’s reckless. He’s been underestimating
how much danger she’d really be willing to put herself in, even all the way back since – fuck,
since she’d sent him into the Kyln.

If you don’t meet me on that rock, I’m coming back for you. Nothing’s gonna stop me.

No, since before that. He’d dismissed it as stupidity at first – or worse –when she’d brought
him onto her ship, when she’d first let him out of that cage. And that was on him. She’d told
him, right after Conjunction – that she would’ve died to get him off the Eclector – and he
hadn’t believed she’d meant it. He hadn’t taken her seriously, hadn’t let it sink into his thick,
severed skull.

But he should’ve known – for cycles now. Longer. Jo’s too generous. Abundantly generous,
even – maybe especially – with a frickin’ lowlife like himself. After all, he’d guessed after
the very first few rotations he’d spent with her that she was soft for a sob story. That she’d
probably do anything for him.

And now here he is. Fucking stuck. Because how does a absolute fuckin’ degenerate like
himself get lucky enough to stumble across a girl like this, make a home for himself in her
bed, and then have to figure out how to make her not risk her stupid life for him?

Fuck.

He puzzles over it until they reach Berhert: tinkering mindlessly, watching Jo thoughtfully
whenever he can. He should try to be a person, he supposes. He should try to talk to her.

And say what? What could he say to her that he hadn’t said on Ego? It would fuckin’ destroy
me if anything happened to you? Would she even believe him? Would it matter if she did?
Jo’s got a nasty habit of undervaluing herself and he can just imagine – right at the worst
possible moment, when the chips are down and things are dire – her looking down at him
with her lilting voice and her lopsided smile.

You can get over losing me, Rocket-my-love, but you can’t get over being dead.

And then she’d walk right into the fray.

Yeah, he’s pretty sure that’s exactly what she’d say. And frankly, it frickin’ pisses him off.
Because he wouldn’t get over it. He’s pretty sure he’s proven that he’s incapable of getting
over that kind of thing. And if it were Jo–

He knows what he’d like to do. He’d like to tie her up in the goddamn bunk. Set her down on
the chair in front of his workbench and secure her pretty knees wide open so he can lick her
till she can’t think about anything, much less run off somewhere.

But no. He’s gonna try to handle this like an adult or something. Be a better person, a better
role model for Groot, a better… copilot to Jolie. Or friend. Or devotee. Whatever. He’s gonna
keep his mouth shut until he can have a civil conversation.

He can, and he will.

++++
When Kraglin lands them on Berhert, everything seems to be pretty much intact, though
some of the exposed parts of the ship are damp from a recent rainfall. They snack briefly,
enjoying more diverse rations than the Third Quadrant had to offer. Rocket looks around, a
forkful of Jo’s scrambled eggs in his mouth, and watches their weird-ass, dysfunctional
family: laughing and joking, rolling their eyes, being dicks. There are still moments when
each of them goes pensive and thoughtful – new losses scraped raw in the recent rotations,
new relationships starting to grow – but it feels almost like that night before the abilisk. Like
the start of some of that easiness – the comfort they’d had with each other before Rocket had
messed it all up – is returning to their little group, even with their two newcomers.

It feels good.

After food, the group splinters off: little pairs cleaning up, rebuilding, showering, getting into
fresh clothes. He stops at Jo’s studio again, where he’d found her – just a couple rotations ago
– and asked her to be bait. Where she’d been repacking all her tools and supplies that had
been damaged because of him. She’d frickin’ looked up at him with those big eyes and had
promised she’d stay safe in the ship with Groot, and then she’d showed up like a goddess of
the hunt in the forest and if he thinks about that too long he’s gonna be in trouble.

So he sighs, and promises himself he’s going to make sure she has a better workspace.
Something closer to what she deserves. A fuckin’ temple, he supposes, and scowls. He steps
back into the corridor, taps the sensor to close the sliding door, and heads down to his and
Jo’s shared room.

He enters the bunk right as she’s changing.

“Uh, sorry,” he backpedals, almost tripping over the threshold. “I thought you were still
showering–”

His voice cuts out as she looks up, just in leggings and a sports bra. She’s ready to dive into a
new sweatshirt – live, laugh, toaster bath, whatever that means – and he notices she hasn’t
bothered to pull the bra strap up on her bruised shoulder. It’s just tucked into the cup.

The shoulder in question is mottled with blue and purple: violets splashing over her
collarbone on that side. He can see the places where Taserface’s fingers must have squeezed
directly, like velvet-black inkstains. There are contusions, too thick and dark, cascading over
her ribs and belly and back – he’d guess those are from her stand here on Berhert, the night
the Ravagers captured him and then had to beat the shit out of her just to wrangle her into
submission. Was it really only two rotations ago? They must’ve had to hold onto her to hit
her. Or kicked her while she was down. There’s no way she’d be that banged up otherwise.
And he supposes he shouldn’t be surprise because it’s Jo and she may not have a ton of
combat-experience, but she’d never have gone down without a fight.

He wishes Taserface were still alive so he could break his hand again. And kill him again.
Wishes he could grab Jo by her bruised arms and shake her. Wishes he could knot both hands
in her hair and make her stare him in the eyes and promise she’ll never do anything so stupid
again.
She slides into the sweatshirt cautiously, still watching him like a hunted rabbit, and he’s so
angry he thinks he might have actually lost consciousness for a minute.

He swallows down the blistering rage that crushes through him and reminds himself that it
could’ve been worse. Sure, she might have some hairline fractures on that shoulder. But with
a medpack or two over it, any fracturing and most of the contusions can be reduced to ghosts
and shadows by tomorrow. Add a third on her ribs, and she’ll be good to go.

“Sorry,” he repeats, still grappling with the renewed – and ultimately unsatisfiable –
compulsion to remove the hand of an already-dead-and-exploded mutineer. And the
compulsion to lock Jo on the ship and never let her out, to get her healed up and then just
keep her so tired she can’t even stand up, can barely focus her big luminous eyes.

Instead, Rocket turns his back to her. “Uh, I’ll get Kraglin to bring some extra medpacks so
we can restock the medical aid locker,” he says to the air. Then he steps out of the room
quickly, slapping the sensor panel to close the bunk door behind him with Jolie safely tucked
inside.

He turns his attention to continuing the repairs on the Gemma Lynn and Milano, trying to
wrangle some of that absolute fury into something controllable. He wrestles it into his hands
and pushes it out his fingers: into his grip on a laser drill, into the precision of a light-cutter.
He either focuses his attention entirely on what he’s doing, or tries to imagine what a
reasonable, adult conversation might look like, tries to imagine he’s capable of having one. If
he doesn’t direct his thoughts with intention, his mind starts to wander, and it’s a dangerous
road. At some point, he realizes that she’d left the cell like that – left him behind in the cage
to try and take on Taserface – with her body that banged up, that vulnerable. She’d convinced
him to let her out into battle on Ego when every instinct had told him to keep her safe in the
construction pod. She’d worn an aero-rig with her shoulder that fucked up. Every new
realization brings a seething wave of fresh outrage until his anger isn’t even hot anymore: it
just washes over his insides like liquid nitrogen, splashing and sloshing icily against his veins
whenever he moves.

Still, the repairs go quickly and smoothly. The hulls of both ships are complete, and he thinks
it’ll only take another rotation to get all the major systems back to where they need to be in
order to at least get them docked to the Third Quadrant. Then they can follow the Third
Quadrant to some place with more resources, so Rocket can really get started on their new
home.

That night, they sleep in their usual configuration in the bunk: Groot in his little honeycomb,
and Jo back on the shelf-bed where Rocket can curl lightly against her belly and mourn the
loss of the giant hammock that had him folded tight into her curves. She strokes his shoulders
gently, and he waits till her breathing evens out and her hands slow and grow still, resting
quietly in his fur.

But every time he closes his eyes, he sees that dark, mottled blue-black shoulder. He
remembers the faint clicking sound of her bone when Taserface had gripped her.

He thinks about how she’d looked when she’d tried to tease him into supporting her stupid
frickin’ plan – never mind that it had worked, that it had maybe actually saved them all.
I bet I can get him drunk enough to pass out before he even so much as cops a feel, she’d
said.

Once we’re out of this, you can yell at me for everything all at once - get it all out of your
system.

You can be mad at me later. But right now, I need you.

He’d warned her. He’d told her he wasn’t going to forget it – her recklessness, her
willingness to just throw herself into the thick of things.

Of course, nothing that happened is really her fault – not really. It’s his. Almost everything
could’ve been prevented if he just hadn’t stolen the damn batteries. She’d done her best.
She’d been smart. He and Groot may not have even survived without her.

But she should’ve never even thought about coming into the woods alone against a hoard of
Ravagers to save his sorry ass, much less serving herself up to Taserface – unarmed, wounded
– like easy prey, like a feast to be had. And when he thinks about how she could’ve been lost
to him on Ego like Yondu, he wants to kill her himself.

He reaches out in the darkness, curled into a crescent under the covers, and carefully palms
her thigh. Slides his hand around to the back of her knee, and forces his fingers to still.
Groot’s in the bunk, he reminds himself, and it’s a little bit of a failsafe because he’d be
infinitely more tempted if it were just him and Jo, alone and blanketed in darkness, and her at
such a disadvantage.

But he’s absolutely not gonna do anything with Groot here – not a chance. Not gonna pull
Jo’s thigh forward like he could if they were alone – and maybe he wouldn't, anyway. Maybe
he'd still retain some laughable little scraps of self-control. But he could. He could bend her
leg at the knee, open her up to his mouth. She’d wake up so slowly, already halfway to a
dreamy orgasm. He could tell her he hated thinking she might die and shouldn’t she help him
feel better by letting him lick her soft, candy-sweet cunt? Or finally get a look at the tits he’d
spent all of last night pressed against and between? Shouldn’t she let him tease their tips till
she’s squirming and begging? He bets they’re so sensitive. He bets he can feather a breath
over her nipples, and they’ll warm and bead up before he ever puts a hand on ‘em. He bets he
could make her so, so sorry for worrying him that she’ll wrap him up in those arms of hers
and let him touch her however he wants, as long as he wants, for hours and hours and hours
and hours.

Or he could pin her legs open and punish her with his tongue. Make her sorry for ever having
considered risking her life to be a valid option. Bring her to the edge and let her hover there
till she promises never to do anything so frickin’ stupid again. Taunt her with the fringes of
orgasms for hours, and then make her come so many times she has to beg him to stop.

He hisses a frustrated breath from his place under the covers.

Yeah. He wants to keep her. And he can’t do that if she gets herself killed.
It takes that sobering thought to pull himself out of his own frickin’ degeneracy. Well. You
can teach a lowlife how to play nice with his dysfunctional family, he supposes, but you can’t
keep him from having depraved fantasies about sweet, selfless girls with soft tits.

He sighs, and tries to convince himself to pace his breathing into something mimicking sleep.
Eventually, it works, and he tricks his body into slumber.

++++

Rocket first rouses with the side of his face snug against the seam of her thighs. It’s not the
first time this has happened, but it might be the first time he lets himself linger there,
breathing her in. Eyes still closed, he noses in just a little deeper, and only stops when his
nose bumps delicately against her gauzy panties and the soft, mouth-watering flesh
underneath.

That wakes him up.

His eyes snap open and he draws back reluctantly, stretching his back through his
shoulderblades and neck. His nose twitches, wanting to be back between her thighs. He looks
down, shaking his head at himself - and frowns as he registers more bruising on her thighs.

Shouldn’t the medpacks have taken care of some of that?

Before he can think it through, she’s shifting, and he crawls back up to the pillows, blinking
at her.

“Morning, love,” she mumbles drowsily. “How’d you sleep?”

She’s frickin’ unbearable.

The day goes by easily. Drax and Kraglin help him with repairs, Mantis chatters with Groot,
and Gamora and Pete start reviewing recent transmissions, looking for the next job. Jo’s
hitting each room and corridor and cargo hold in both ships, piece-by-piece: cleaning up
anything broken or spilled that isn’t strictly ship-repair. She makes meals, cleans, plays
clones of Quill’s old music and starts trying to figure out how to connect the zune to the
existing sound system on the Milano. If she doesn’t figure it out before they leave Berhert,
it’ll probably be one of Rocket’s first projects.

“We’ll be ready to head off-planet tomorrow morning,” Rocket reports out to the rest of them
that evening, nursing a single leftover can of Acanti Blubber Ale.

“Great!” Pete looks like a frickin’ puppy who’s ready to play, but then his brow creases. “I,
uh, guess we should talk more about what it means to have the Third Quadrant. I’ve sort of
been assuming, since we talked about changing the bays, that you’d all want to stay docked
with her and stick together, but…”

Jo doesn’t say anything – just looks up at Rocket and waits.

I’d follow you wherever you let me, she’d told him – more than once, just with different
words and actions.
It would be nice to have a family again. It would be nice – to stick around with them. If he’s
being honest, he needs it – just like Yondu. In order to feel anything like a person, he needs
this.

But even if he didn’t – it’s good for Jo. He can see the way she frickin’ longs for it, the way
she lingers in all those soft, quiet, family moments. The way she makes them. Jo can fight
fine – if he lets himself get over his obsession with her safety, then she can fight fine – but
where she belongs is in an art studio or their shared common room: laughing when Drax says
something stupid, or talking softly with Gamora, or showing Groot how to make things with
patient, careful hands.

He breathes in. One, two, three, four. Out.

“We can stay,” he says casually. “F’that’s what you want.”

He watches something in Jo go even softer than it already is. A family for both of us, he
thinks, and winces at the vulnerability of the thought. He covers it up with a sardonic warning
for Pete.

“Don’t think just ‘cause it’s your ship that you’re captain now, though.”

Jo huffs a laugh, and Pete groans.

“Jeezus,” the older Terran says. “As long as you understand it’s my freaking rig and you
don’t get full control of piloting. And I want final say on any modifications you make.”

Rocket rolls his eyes, but tries to let a little hit of a grin surface to soften it. Friendly ribbing,
instead of just being a jackass. “Yeah, yeah,” he waves Pete off. “You won’t understand most
of it anyway.”

Pete glares - but Rocket thinks it’s good-natured. Thinks he can start to parse that out now,
can start to trust that. The knowledge flickers inside him like a little pilot-light - then grows
steady. Warms him through, all the cold bones and pins and metal.

Yeah. Okay. He can do this.

He clears his throat. “We can head out after breakfast.” He turns to Kraglin. “Tell me Yondu’s
got a Honchi Everbloom somewhere on the flight deck. Shoulda asked before we jumped all
the way to Ego and back here, probably.”

Kraglin tilts his head like a puppy. “The cap’n didn’t really put much stock in those
superstitions–”

“S’not a superstition,” Rocket says with a raised eyebrow. “It’s basically peer-reviewed
research, really. We got one on the Gemma Lynn we can use till we can get extras–”

“–but he did have one,” Kraglin finishes. “Just gotta find it. Somewhere in the control panel,
prob’ly.”
Rocket breathes a little more comfortably. “Good. After breakfast, you take up the Third
Quadrant. If you need extra hands, you can take Drax and Mantis.”

“Sure.”

“Pete can take the Milano to the M-Ship docking bay, and the Gemma Lynn can use the
standard port till I got a chance to build a real station for her,” Rocket says, nodding at the
man. Pete’s staring at him, mouth a little ajar. “What?”

His jaw snaps shut, and he hesitates. “You called me Pete,” the Terran mumbles.

For a second, Rocket falters. “I – okay, yeah. That’s your frickin’ name, isn’t it?”

“Yeah, but you haven’t–”

Rocket cuts him off with a disgruntled wave of his clawed hand. “Don’t get weird. We can
settle in tomorrow and then be ready to head out the next day. Find a few new jobs, get a few
more units. Make sure we get whatever we need so I can work some magic on this freighter.”

Rocket leans back in his chair at the table cautiously, and there’s a moment of quiet.

“You got anything to add, co-captain?” Pete asks after a moment, looking over at Jo. She’s
got that soft, sappy smile on her face already.

“My friend speaks my mind,” she says only. The group dissolves into a low hum of
conversation, and Jo flashes Rocket one of her stupid winks.

He looks away, grateful again for the fur covering his face. Then he takes another swig of his
ale, and tries to let the contentment wash over him. Jo is laughing with Drax and Mantis,
Gamora is watching them all with a soft smile on her face, and Pete is entertaining Groot
with one of his ridiculous stories.

That old flare of panic starts in his belly, and he recognizes it – and he decides he doesn’t
care.

Things feel good. And this time, he’s gonna let ‘em.

He’s determined to.

Jo rises and stretches. “Time for bed for me,” she says, casting her smile around like a
frickin’ sunbeam. “You ready, Sprout?”

“I am Groot!” Groot protests. “I am Groot. I am Groot?”

“I can keep him for a little bit,” Pete offers, grinning. “Just till we finish this story. Then I’ll
bring him down.”

“I am Groot?”
“This story and one Kevin Bacon story,” Pete corrects himself. “I mean, assuming Rocket is
also going to bed?”

Rocket eyes the rest of his ale consideringly, then tosses it back. “I could use a shower,” he
says, and follows Jo to the hatch. “Thanks, Pete.”

“No problem,” the Terran man says easily, still grinning at Groot.

“I am Groot!”

Rocket showers quickly and changes in the room with the pods, and by the time he gets to the
bunk, Jo’s already in her button-down, combing out her ridiculous hair. Something about
seeing her there, like this, sends a surge through him: not lust – though there’s definitely that
too – but something softer. He sighs. All he wants right now – all he wants – is to press up
against her in bed and feel her hands on his shoulders, easing away his tension, easing away
his little flickers of dread and anxiety, smoothing out the ache in his bones and screws and
tendons. Helping him hang onto that bright little candleflame of contentment that had been
fanned to life in the common room.

And then he sees it: her collarbone, still splashed with purple.

His eyes narrow. “Pull down your shirt.”

Her head whips up, glossy hair streaming, and she stares at him like she thinks she couldn’t
possibly have heard him right. “What?”

He gestures impatiently. “Your collar. Pull it down. I wanna see your shoulder.”

“Oh.” An expression he can’t decipher skitters over her face, and then she hesitates. “It’s not
as bad as it looks.”

He cuts a glare at her, because now it seems like she’s hiding something, and he does not like
that. She bites her lip, then tugs down one side of her collar.

The bruise remains: a patch of nightsky, as bad as it had been yesterday - maybe worse. Parts
of it look satin-black, surrounded by indigos and dark wines.

He inhales sharply through his teeth, imagining how badly it must be hurting her every time
she uses that arm. “Why’s it still purple?” he asks, baffled. “Medpacks should’ve healed up
eighty-percent or more of the bruises.”

She shakes her head. “I didn’t want to waste one,” she says mildly, like it doesn’t matter. “It’s
already better than yesterday. Just achy.”

He stares at her for a moment, incredulous. That little pilot-light of fury that he’s been
struggling to keep smothered suddenly swells and twists into an inferno, battering his bones
from the inside. He’d managed to finally wrestle it into something he could keep banked and
knotted behind his ribs – for the very first time since the moment he’d seen her like some
glowing gorgeous avenging ghost in the Berhert forest – but now it’s back, full-force and
raging. Sparks and smoke swift into his line of sight and he’s distantly aware of his brows
and ears flattening and his lips curing back, teeth bared.

He doesn’t think. It only takes him two strides to the bed, and then he shoves the heel of his
palm roughly into her shoulder. Now she’s the one sucking air in through her teeth, going
pale. He almost feels bad.

Almost.

He glares. “Use a fuckin’ medpack tomorrow,” he orders. “Use two.” He can feel the fur and
skin on his nose wrinkle as he snarls. “And I’m guessin’ I gotta tell you to use a third for
your frickin’ ribs, too.”

“But - “

He’s hot and furious right down to the blazing tips of his ears, tailed puffed with a wrath he’s
too tired to hide. For fuck’s sake. For fuck’s sake. All he wants is for Pete to bring Groot
down so Rocket can tuck the kid in, and then he can climb into bed with Jo the way he had
last night, face pressed between her shoulder blades or breasts or thighs. Curled up around
her in whichever way she’ll let him.

Instead, he has to deal with this shit.

Resolved if you fuck her boneless before every battle and mission, he thinks to himself, and
struggles to stifle the images before they can become more of a problem.

“–it’s not a big deal. I’m healing already–”

But she’s still fuckin’ fighting him. About a frickin’ medpack, of all the stupid shit.

“You’ve got some nerve,” he says flatly, interrupting whatever stupid protest she’d been
about to continue.

Her mouth snaps shut and she blinks at him, perplexed.

“I apologized for my shit the other night, before we even got back to Berhert,” he reasons,
keeping his voice cool, “but it does frickin’ occur to me that you still haven’t.”

She chews her lip, and now her eyes are apprehensive. “You’re still mad at me?”

He lets the corner of his mouth drop into the faintest snarl, showing one pointed tooth. “Poor
girl,” he drawls, sarcasm sharp and grating in his voice. “Told you I wouldn’t forget. Not on
Asgard, not on the Eclector.”

The silence drags.

“I’m not sorry for trying to help you the night the Ravagers came, but I am sorry I was too
slow,” she says at last, slowly. Her voice is tentative and troubled.
Rocket’s blood is about to turn into scarlet steam and leftover iron shavings, and his clawed
fingers curl and tense. She has to know that’s not the apology he’s looking for. More to the
point, fuck an apology. What he wants is a promise: not to put herself in these damn situations
anymore.

“And I’m not sorry for helping get us out of the cell on the Eclector. I’m not…you know, as
good at this shit as the rest of you. I have to do what I can–”

“How about being sorry for actin’ like your life is a fair trade for everyone else’s?” he snaps,
his voice so sharp it cuts the insides of his mouth. “How about being sorry for repeatedly
scarin’ the shit outta me?”

As soon as he realizes what he’s said, his ears flick from fury to alarm and back again. On
one hand, he hadn’t meant to make it that personal, to disclose how rattled and haunted he
gets at the possibility of losing her these days. Hopefully, she’ll hit back with a light-hearted
oh-Rocket-you-do-care, and he can growl and seethe about it until she makes some half-assed
promise to take care of herself better, and they can do this whole song-and-dance again the
next time she decides to be stupid and reckless with her life.

But nope, her big eyes are going soft on him, and it only makes him more mad.

“I am sorry for that, then,” she agrees, her voice gentle. “I didn’t mean to make you worry.”

“And the other?” he demands immediately, trying to redirect her attention. “The whole thing
where you just immediately gamble your safety for everybody else?”

“Not everybody,” she protests, and he scoffs.

“Close enough.” Certain fuckin’ lowlifes included.

She hesitates and she looks so apologetic that he knows her next words will be anything but.

“Do you want to yell at me?” she offers, and her voice is strained and soft all at once. “You
can. But it’s not going to change anything. I’m not going to not come for you next time.”

For fuck’s sake.

“D’you wanna yell at me?” he mimics in a high, vapid falsetto. His ears flatten against his
head furiously and his hands curl into fists of restraint. His heart is suddenly thudding in his
ears, colliding with his metal breastbone. His lungs feel battered, and too small, and
everything from the ends of his ears to the tip of his tail is hot with rage. “What did I fuckin’
tell you on Asgard?”

His hands are curled fists – blood-crescents under sharp claws – shaking with the tension of
his restraint. Each word grinds through his teeth like he wants to drill them into her ribs.

“Rocket, whatever you—”

“I said I’d fuckin’ lock you up if I couldn’t trust you to not be stupid,” he hisses, and he can
feel his volume rise to make room for a snarl. “I said it would take nothin’ to convince me to
keep you trapped in my bunk.” He scoffs, the edges of the words going knife-sharp as his
voice climbs and climbs. “D’you wanna yell at me? M’not gonna not come for you,” he
mocks again. “Sweetheart, you don’t wanna know what I wanna do to you right now.”

She shrugs helplessly, at a loss, watching him. “So do it. If it makes you feel better.”

The fury blooms and curdles in his chest ceaselessly, every new wave tightening and charring
at the edges.

“You–“ he takes two steps back, leveling a shaking, clawed finger at her. “–don’t have any
idea what you’re asking for.”

“It’s not like you’re going to kill me. I know what you look like when you want to kill me.
I’ve seen it a million times.” She tries to smile, but it’s tense and a little sad. She talks tough,
but he knows – when he can think, he knows – she frickin’ hates having him mad at her. “And
I think I’ve proven by now that I can handle whatever you want to dish out.”

He's so furious that it scalds up his spine. He can taste the ash.

“What I wanna do,” he hisses, “is play with your little clit till you scream, and then keep
going till you cry. You wanna ‘come for me’, princess? I’ll make you come for me till it
hurts.”

She sucks in a breath so hard it hits the back of her throat with a little hiccup, and her eyes fly
wide open as she stares across the narrow chamber at him. There’s a long moment of silence,
and then an electric flush rises in her cheeks, brilliant and scorching.

In the silence, he can hear three things: his own ragged breathing – too hard, too fast, the skin
straining against his prosthetic collarbone as his shoulders heave – and the soft pat pat of
drops of liquid hitting the ground: blood, he realizes distantly, from where’s he’s sunken his
claws into his own palms. He can’t hear her breathing – because she isn’t, he realizes
abruptly. She’s holding all of that sharp little inhalation deep inside her lungs, until it turns to
poison. There’s just the little hummingbird-stumble of her heart in her chest: frightened, he
thinks.

The silence lengthens and stretches. His ears are still lowered, but he feels them shift from a
position of fury to one of panic. His tail, fur standing on end like it's been electrified by his
anger, suddenly lays smooth and scared, and tucks against his right ankle without his
permission.

Because this is it. This is where the dam breaks. This is where he finally hits the boundary of
what she can and cannot tolerate. He's already picturing her trying to keep the dismay and
disgust off her face, because she’s Jo and she’s too frickin’ soft.

She’s gonna be moved out of the bunk faster than he can blink. He’ll be lucky if she even lets
him stick around – or maybe she’ll just leave on her own. All that misery it took for him to
decide he wanted to keep her, and now he's immediately fucked it up because of course he
has, of course he has–
What the fuck did I do? What the fuck did I just do?

It wasn’t even the soft, polite, coaxing can I touch you? that he’d been practically rehearsing
in his brain for the last few dozen cycles. His breathing spirals into a pant, suddenly trapped
and terrified.

Wait, he thinks, scrabbling for an excuse, for a lie, for anything that’ll keep her in the room.
Wait–

And then she chews on that bottom lip of hers, and murmurs breathily, “Well, that’s not the
deterrent you think it is.”

He freezes. Blinks. His brain bounces in his skull: ricocheting through a thousand jump-
points, unhinged and erratic. “What?”

She lets out a stuttering, whispery little laugh of disbelief, infused with a sudden self-
consciousness that hadn’t been there even a moment ago. “With threats like that, I’m not even
going to try to listen to you anymore.”

Her face is glowing crimson and he abruptly realizes that her pupils are fully dilated.

“You’ll turn me into an actual brat.”

She twists her hands nervously in her lap, and he swallows. When did his throat go dry?
What the hell is happening?

What the hell is happening?

There’s a sudden, sharp knock on the door, and Rocket whips toward it, already glaring.
“Fuck,” he spits, and slaps the sensor to open it.

Pete is standing there with a sleepy-eyed Groot tucked into the crook of his arm, grinning.
“Your son says he’s ready for bed,” Pete reports, chuckling just as Groot yawns and stretches.
His eyes catch Rocket’s and something shifts to concern in his expression. He glances at Jo.
“Is something wrong?” he asks them both worriedly.

“No,” Rocket snaps, and then catches himself. He’s trying not to be a dick anymore, he
reminds himself. Especially to Quill. He clears his throat. “Sorry. No. We’re okay.”

Pete nods to him slowly, but he’s still got that troubled look in his eye. “Okay,” he replies
haltingly. “Just…let me know if anything comes up. If you need anything.”

“Thanks.” Rocket shifts uncomfortably, accepting the tiny form of his adopted Flora
Colossus and resting him against his own shoulder. “‘Night, Pete.”

“Good night, Rocket. Earthgirl.” The Terran man backs up a step, face still worried, and taps
the panel. The door slides closed between them.

When Rocket turns back, Jo is looking at her lap, fingers knotted.
He can see from here that she’s still blushing. With her head bowed, the bent line of her neck
looks… fuckin’ biteable.

“Don’t do that,” he says, his voice low. She looks up, eyes still big and dark and more
luminous than they have any frickin’ right to be at the moment.

“Do what?”

“Look like that.” He cups a hand over Groot’s back and points at her again. If anything, his
clawed finger is trembling even harder, and his voice is harsh and shaky with tension. He’s
surprised the thump of his heart doesn’t wake Groot up from where he’s cradled against
Rocket’s chest. “Groot’s here now but you have exactly one rotation to wise up and take that
back, or I’m gonna make you frickin’ pay up, princess.”

Her lashes flutter nervously as her eyes flick away, then back to him. “I hope you do,” she
says softly, almost timidly, and her voice is full up on all the sweetness he’d fantasized about,
and maybe some more.

He scowls, shoulders tense – even more tense than they had been when he’d just been mad,
so tense they’ve become brittle – and crouches to tuck Groot into his little bunk.

“I am Groot,” the kid mumbles, and Rocket softens enough to briefly lay his palm on Groot’s
little forehead.

“G’night, kid.”

He moves quickly to tap the plasma orbs, setting them to dim into blackness, then scrambles
up into the hammock. His breathing is still labored, his heart thudding hard. In the fading
light, he sees the way she draws up her shoulders, like she’s wounded.

“You won’t sleep with me tonight?”

Her voice might be the saddest little sound in the galaxy right now. He curses under his
breath and gives his past-self two middle fingers: one for refusing to sleep with her their first
night on Berhert, and the other for making her think this is some kind of rejection. As if he
were even frickin’ capable of that at this point.

“Doll, I’m not coming within ten feet of you tonight,” he finally manages to spit out.
“There’s a kid in here.”

There’s a dense pause, full of shadows and stillness. Then she lets out a surprised little
breath, like maybe she didn’t realize he was being held back by such a thin, fraying thread.
Like maybe she still hasn’t fully wrapped her pretty head around what he’d just poured out
on the bunk floor, what he’d spilled everywhere like a broken flask of golden Sovereign rum
shared and shattered between a mean, broken little monster and the girl who’d so patiently
bandaged up his wounds.

“Okay,” she agrees after a moment, and she sinks slowly into the thin mattress. “I hate it, but
okay.” Her voice is a little shivery, like this whole exchange has cost her some adrenaline – or
  maybe more – and he certainly knows how that feels.

  The plasma orbs dim into blackness and he knows he’s going to need to get up in a few hours
  and take a cold shower, but for now he just stares at her in the dark: heart hammering, bones
  numb, screws twitching like all his implants are coming loose. Just as terrified as he’d been
  when he’d first realized what had snarled its way out of his mouth — maybe somehow
  worse, now.

  Jo is just lying on her side, turned in his direction, eyes fluttering reluctantly closed. Soft and
  worried, her own heart fluttering in its little ribcage.

  “Jo.”

  The word creaks out of his mouth like a dry tree branch in a Fronnish winter, bowed under
  soft mountains of heavy snow. She opens her eyes and he pauses, forcing himself to inhale
  and exhale for a four-count into the quiet. She’s so fuckin’ pretty and soft, and he needs her
  to take care of herself.

  He needs it.

  His throat works.

  “We can always get more medpacks,” he says finally, trying to keep his voice low and steady
  and as close to gentle as he possibly can. “There’s no use havin’ ‘em if you’re not gonna use
  ‘em.” He swallows. “I’d guess that jackass bruised bone in there, at least. Maybe fractured
  something.” He pauses. “Just – use the frickin’ medpacks tomorrow.” The words feel like
  stones in his mouth: smooth and round and weighty. “Please.” He swallows. “Promise me.”

  She chews her lip, and he watches her nod reluctantly, her weak humie eyes fastened
  somewhere around his prosthetic collarbone. “Okay,” she whispers. “I promise.”

  He sighs into the shadows, and some small part of the tension in his ribs eases into an ache.
  Tight and uncomfortable, but infinitely more tolerable.

  “Good girl.”




Chapter End Notes



    heyo this was a little steamy. (｡ꏿ﹏ꏿ) at least i think so?? i grappled a lot with this
    chapter and trying to keep things in character and i think i'm happy with it?? anyway
    next chapter is almost entirely smut. like legit 2,200 words of real content and 11,500
    words of raccoon sex. so uh. everything is totally fine and normal here. god i really hope
    you enjoy it
btw if you are interested in seeing jolie art, the window masterlist includes a ton of art
from you lovely little darling-readers and some of my own characters concepts + an
illustration of one of my personal favorite scenes (Chapter IV. Got There First.)

or just join me on tumblr in general! ♡ i'm posting previews to each chapter 2-7 days
ahead of each upcoming chapter there and anticipated dates for each chapter release
(updated as we go).

anyway i love you and i hope this was okay and you're lovely shimmery little gold
sunflakes in the darkest midwinter ♡♡ and i'm so grateful for you all sticking with me
through this

Coming Soon: Chapter XXI. I Very Still. in which our heroes get fucked. In the good
way, this time. Finally.
                                            Chapter 21: I Very Still.
Chapter Summary



      in which our heroes get fucked. in the good way, this time. finally.



Chapter Notes



      tags updated and smut-related warnings for this particular chapter in the end-notes.


See the end of the chapter for more notes



   Jolie doesn’t really sleep that night. She keeps waking up, fluttery and nervous, thighs tense
   and clamped together. She thinks about taking a shower, but at some point in the night, she’s
   pretty sure Rocket has gotten up and she suspects he might already be using the shower pods.
   She briefly thinks about going anyway - using the pod next to his - and immediately decides
   that’s a bad idea right now.

   She’s not sure if or when he comes back. His hammock is so shadowy in this room.

   By the time she fully wakes, he’s definitely gone for the morning. She fights back a tremor of
   anxiety, wondering if he’s actually mad-mad, if he’s changed his mind, if he even really
   meant what it sounded like he meant last night.

   Christ, she hopes he did. She’s not fooling herself that this would be anything more than a
   friends-with-benefits type of situation for him, but at this point, she’ll take what she can get.

   Groot is still asleep, but Jolie goes out to the lower level’s med-locker and pulls out three
   medpacks, bringing them back to the room and carefully positioning the first on her shoulder
   and activating it. The pack heats rapidly against her skin, and she closes her eyes and
   breathes shallowly as whatever trauma had been inflicted on her bone knits itself together.
   She can feel the tissue of her muscle mending, and she reaches out raggedly with her other
   hand to grab the pillow from the bunk and shove it into her mouth so she doesn’t wake Groot.
   Her breath hisses from her lungs. But then the pain fades, and when she lifts the medpack,
   she finds that the color has faded too: lavenders and silvery-blues. Still sore, and she had
   promised. So she sighs and trades in the second pack. It hurts less this time, and when she
   removes it, her contusions have washed-out into a pale watercolor of sunflower-yellow and
   pale green.

   Her ribs are barely bothering her and she grimaces at the waste of a third medpack. But she
   had promised Rocket, so she leans back and splays the pack against her worst bruises, and
then those fade to.

Exhausted from the work of healing – even if it has been stimulated and aided by the
medpacks – she sets them aside to be recycled while she waits for her Sprout to wake. He’s
starting to get a little bigger - another dozen cycles or so, and she suspects he won’t fit in his
little honeycomb-bunk anymore. She’ll have to clear out her studio so he can have a real
room of his own soon.

Unless Gamora ends up switching over to a bunk closer to Pete in the Milano. Or if they
decide to share the captain’s quarters on the Third Quadrant at some point, though it might be
a bit soon for that. Jolie had stepped outside the ship that first day back on Berhert – just to
catch some fresh air – and had seen them dancing under the trees in the sunrise before she’d
ducked back inside to give them their privacy.

For now, she tries to distract herself from thoughts of Rocket, from thoughts of last night. She
starts rereading her Skrull novel for the third time, still painstakingly trying to parse through
the written words. She keeps getting distracted, though: by the scents of Rocket that linger in
the covers she’s still wrapped in. The maple leaf and mossy blue spruce fragrance of the
bunk, the copper-and-ozone twinge in the air, and the faint lingering of engine fuels and
deep-space metals.

By the time Groot is up, Jolie can smell breakfast cooking. When they get up the ladder,
Kraglin’s making sausage patties with biscuits and smoked moonfish. He’s a surprisingly
good cook – maybe even better than Rocket, which she hadn’t expected – and everyone is
passing around plates and pouring coffee. The breakfast murmur is low and comfortable and
if she wasn’t so preoccupied with the whole idea of last night, she knows she’d be soaking
this up like a daisy in the sun.

Instead, she finds that she’s full of a nervous energy: static electricity in her bones and blood.
Her eyes bounce to Rocket and away again. He’s sitting at the table, talking to Pete about
their plans to take off as soon as everyone eats. He looks so calm – completely unperturbed.
Easy. On the other hand, when Jolie’s eyes fall on him, she flounders. Everything stutters for
a moment, like a skip on an old record.

So she’s not exactly watching where she’s going when she bumps into Mantis.

The empath lets out a soft, surprise oh, even as Jolie instinctively reaches out to steady her,
apologizing profusely. Too late, she sees how flushed the empath is: antennae glowing,
cheeks almost as luminous. Her wide eyes blink, and flit almost anxiously from Jolie’s hand
on her shoulder to Rocket, and back again.

“Wait, no–” Jolie starts, panicked, but Mantis doesn’t say anything. She must have learned in
the past few rotations that people rarely want their emotions broadcast.

Instead, the dark-eyed woman beams a radiant smile at Jolie, pats her shoulder with a flat
palm as if the gesture is new and unpracticed, and says only, “This is very good!” before
continuing on her path to whatever she was doing.
When Jolie looks back up, Rocket is watching her with hooded eyes, and oh god. Yeah. She
needs to figure her shit out.

She’s not really hungry enough to eat, although she should be. She and Quill clean up the
kitchen while Kraglin heads out to take the Third Quadrant up, and finally, Jolie slides into
the pilot’s seat next to Rocket.

“You good, sweetheart?” her copilot asks nonchalantly, and she swallows, then smiles.

“I’m going to miss us – just us – in the Gemma Lynn’s cockpit,” she confesses. “Our own
little ship.”

His ears twitch and she thinks something flickers through his garnet and dark amber gaze. He
shrugs.

“We can always do a few jobs on our own when we get sick of the rest of ‘em,” he tells her
casually, and there’s no reason that should send a frisson of excitement through her, but it
does.

And at least he doesn’t seem so repulsed by their conversation last night that he’s not talking
to her. Not avoiding the suggestion that they could leave the whole crew behind at some
point, just the two of them. That has to be a good sign, right? She grips the yoke more tightly
that she has in ages – barring their flight from Sovereign, perhaps. Her knuckles turn into
hard, white little stones in her fingers.

They juggle through undocking and docking again until everyone is tucked safely into their
currently-assigned bay on the Quadrant. As they settle in to the new ship and Pete
refamiliarizes himself with the flight deck, Jolie tugs Gamora aside.

“Are you okay?” the Zen-Whoberian asks, concerned the minute she gets a clear look at
Jolie’s face. It only makes Jolie flush harder, and Gamora reaches out instinctively to press
the back of one cool green hand to Jolie’s cheek. The gesture is so motherly that it breaks
through the thoughts currently gnawing like stray orloni on Jolie’s brain. Her heart folds up
into soft pleats, and she’s overcome by the urge to wrap her arms around the Zen-Whoberian.
Not only is it the first time anyone has checked Jolie for a fever – maybe in her entire life –
but the motion seems so instinctive that she wonders if it’s something Gamora’s own mother
had done when she’d thought her child was ill.

Sure enough, the former assassin’s next question is:

“Are you unwell?”

“I’m fine,” Jolie says, her voice rasping in her throat and bringing her back to her current
situation. She reaches up and collects Gamora’s kind hand in her own, squeezing her friend’s
fingers. “I was wondering if you could do me a favor, though.”

Gamora’s eyes soften. “Of course. What do you need?”

God, why does this feel so silly?
“Can you take care of Groot tonight?”

Gamora blinks. “I – of course. Why–” Something flickers in her dark eyes. “Oh.”

“I’m not – I don’t know,” Jolie mumbles quickly. “It might be nothing, but–”

“It’s definitely not nothing,” Gamora says dryly. “I just didn’t realize this was going to be
your first time together.”

That brings Jolie’s eyes up. She blinks at Gamora. “What?”

The Zen-Whoberian shrugs. “I think we’ve all been assuming you’ve been–” she pauses
delicately “–together for a while. Based on your nervousness, I’m now guessing that this is
not the case.”

Jolie chews her lip. “You would be correct.” She tries for a grin but she knows it’s wilted. “It
is not.”

Gamora touches her upper arm lightly. “Don’t be nervous, Jolie.”

The Terran smiles again weakly. “I’ll get right on that.”

“Trust me,” the other woman says quietly. “He knows how lucky he is.”

Jolie snorts. “I’m pretty sure I’m the lucky one in this situation,” she says, and Gamora’s eyes
get even softer. The Zen-Whoberian smiles fondly.

“Oh. Then this will be good for you both,” she says mildly, inadvertently echoing Mantis’
earlier statement. “Yes, I’ll keep Groot this evening. Don’t worry about a thing.”

Jolie snorts, because honestly, all of this talk is just making her more anxious.

++++

The rotation drags past. Jolie picks at her dinner.

She’s been flushed and nervous since breakfast, and it’s only getting worse. Pete’s been
looking at her with creased, concerned brows, and Gamora pretends not to notice, focusing
all her attention on Groot and asking him if he wants to spend the night with her.

Rocket’s just quiet all day.

Watchful.

All Jolie can think about is that she hasn’t done this in ages - this meaning sex, of course. Not
since a few years before she’d left Terra, and never all that many times. As a teenager and a
young woman, she’d been too preoccupied with trying to find a way to get to her sister.
Honestly, the majority of her expertise comes second-hand from her last Terran roommate,
who had been not only extremely active but happy to regale anyone who would listen with
stories of their exploits. Jolie’s gotten rave reviews on the very few blowjobs she’s given,
which she knows she can credit in part to Angela’s impromptu re-enactments with a narrow
bottle of body mist.

And this would be different anyway: Jolie’s past encounters had been with clumsy, entitled,
thick-fingered boys who’d fumbled against her skin sweatily, and called her so beautiful like
it was a line out of an instruction manual: just a thing you say to a girl you’re banging. She’d
always left those encounters with the ghost of desire: never even fanned to full-flame, much
less quenched. On the rare occasions when she hasn’t faked an orgasm to get them off her,
she’s provided it for herself.

But Rocket, with his fleeting, meticulous hands…if he gives one-tenth of the attention to her
body that he does to building a bomb, she knows she’s going to come apart in seconds.

She wishes she’d been more… active during her time in space. She at least wishes she had
more pretty underthings. Terran bodies apparently follow a pattern similar to enough other
races out in the galaxy that she’s sure she could’ve found something sexy, if she’d thought to
look. The panties she does have aren’t terrible, but they are simple: thin and made of gauzy
D’Barrish fabric, with little panels of lace over the hips. Cute, but not particularly seductive.
A little faded.

But of course, Jolie excuses herself, she could never have anticipated Rocket. And even after
she’d realized she was fucking head-over-heels for him and just wanted to make him happy
however she could, she hadn’t expected him to return any feelings of desire.

So now here she is, half-panicking as she tries to figure out what he likes.

She showers, turning a hundred thoughts over and over in her head. Every question suddenly
seems heavy with expectation and uncertainty. Should she wear her hair up in a bun like he
seems to prefer, or down like she normally does before bed? She feels silly, but she ties it up
anyway. She briefly debates skipping the problem of her boring underwear altogether before
flinching away from the thought almost immediately, cheeks burning. Better to wear them,
she tells herself sternly. What if he changes his mind after all? She can only imagine his
horrified recoil if he’s not into it.

She might as well just walk herself to the fucking airlock immediately.

Fuck. She hasn’t been this nervous since longer than she can remember. She almost wishes
she’d intervened last night, begged Pete to keep Groot, and then slid the door shut in his face
so she and Rocket could’ve finished what he’d started in the moment. There’s freedom, she
supposes, in spontaneity. In not having to agonize for hours.

In not feeling trembly and overheated with anticipation for an entire rotation.

Jolie keeps returning to this, though: that she just hopes he’s still in. She hopes he hasn’t
changed his mind, thought better of it, or decided he’s not interested now that his temper’s
cooled.

That it wasn’t an empty threat, made only because he’d thought it would shut her up.
She’s perched on the edge of the shelf-bed, knotting her hands in her lap, when the door
slides open and Rocket enters the bunk.

“Oh,” she breathes. “Hello.”

His eyes are already dark on her, intent. As soon as the door slides closed, he crosses his arms
and leans back against the frame. He’s entirely still, all the way down to the tip of his tail,
sweeping just above the floor. The tension in her belly expands till she’s fluttering
everywhere inside.

He waits.

She chews her lower lip. “Did you still want…” she trails off uncertainly, and something hot
flickers in his eyes.

“Use your words, princess.”

Did you still want me? Too needy.

“Did you still want to fuck me?” she says instead, but her voice is whispery enough that it
sounds needy anyway, and she flinches.

His eyes narrow infinitesimally and there’s a long moment of silence as he studies her.
“Funny. I was gonna ask you the same question.”

That startles a husky little laugh out of her. “Oh, I very still.” The words spill over her lips
before she can rethink them. Translation chips don’t always decode things correctly when the
speaker has already fucked up the original message – and never mind outdated
colloquialisms. She flushes and tries again, in case there was any doubt. “I’d very much still
like you to fuck me, please.”

His eyes somehow get even darker, the hot-whiskey color nearly swallowed up in black, but
he doesn’t move. His eyes scan her and she knows that perceptive gaze is taking in her
knitted fingers and high, tense shoulders.

The tip of his tail flicks.

“You sure?”

“I’m extremely sure,” she says quickly, immediately. The silence drags and pulls on her skin,
and she falters. “Are you – do you not–?”

Rocket leans back against the edge of the door and the wall. His eyes slide to the side, away
from her, and her breath catches anxiously.

“About last night.” Rocket is trying to be cautious. It doesn’t come naturally to him,
especially not when he’s staring at frickin’ Jo, her legs naked and trembly, eyes big and
eager, streamers of hair escaping the knot on top of her head. There’s one shiny lock
cascading over her collarbone and right down into her cleavage. He can’t stop staring at it. “I
shouldn’t’ve–” The words rasp up his throat, chipped at the edges, scraping his tongue.
Nervous. He shakes his head and tries to swallow that down as quick as he can. “I don’t
want…”

He pauses, groping for the words. Yeah, he wants to do exactly what he said: make her so
needy and exhausted that he can keep her forever. But he hates that he’d said it to her when
he was pissed, that he’d been frickin’ yelling at her.

I don’t want you to think I can only be a jackass, he thinks. I could be nice to you. I could.

Too late, he looks up, and sees the stricken expression on her face.

“Oh,” she says softly, and that pretty blush has fled her cheeks. She’s ashen, eyes big and
dark and hunted. She wraps her arms around her body convulsively, like she wants to hide
from him. “Oh – I – yeah, of course,” she says.

For a moment, he’s horrified and baffled: watching her shrink in on herself, watching her go
small and almost frightened. He tries to replay the last few seconds, figure out what he did to
fuck this up already, because she’d looked so pretty and eager when he’d come in that it had
almost slapped the air right out of his lungs and he’d needed to hear it out of her mouth twice
to make sure he wasn’t imagining the little shiver in her thighs.

“Sorry, it was a stupid question,” she’s pouring out, her voice a rushed tumble of water over
trembling lips. “I don’t – I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have – of course you don’t–”

Fuck.

“–can we just forget it?” She’s pleading. He doesn’t think he’s ever heard her sound like that
– not even when he’s been trying to be a dick. Her eyes are all glossy with panicked tears and
his heart lurches forward against his metal sternum, like it wants to reach for her all on its
own. “I’m so sorry, Rocket, please don’t – I won’t be weird about it, I promise–”

Fuck.

“Sweetheart.” Sugardrop. “Stop. I shouldn’t’ve said it like that. Of course I frickin’ want
you.”

He never would have imagined those words falling out of his mouth so easily, but he’d
probably say just about anything to get that fuckin’ look off her face right now. He steps
toward her. Her fingers are knitted into her sleep shirt and she’s trying to hide as much of her
softness from him as possible. He remembers the first time he saw her in the stupid thing,
standing in the cockpit, holding her arms out to her sides and completely unselfconscious
about how the hem rode up her pretty thighs.

He’d thought she was an idiot. Thought she didn’t know how dangerous he could be. It was
probably the first time he’d been tempted to imagine how her pussy might feel, wrapped
around him. He hadn’t let himself think on it – not yet – but it had only been a matter of
rotations at that point. All it had taken was one frickin’ explosion on Knowhere, and he’d
wanted to climb right up under that damn shirt and live there.
She’d stretched her arms out and the hem had risen up and he’d had one foot on the road to
needing her already.

He just hadn’t known it.

He stays where he’s at, and pulls the words up from where they’re lodged behind his
prosthetic collarbones, like the little bits of metal he used to steal on CounterEarth.

“I been wanting to fuck you since you found me drunk on Conjunction,” he admits at last, his
voice low and hoarse. “Pressed up on your back like that. All I could think about was rutting
into you from behind. Reaching around to play with your tits. That stupid bra of yours.” Her
eyes are anxious but she’s listening, and he lets an experimental little smirk curl the corner of
his mouth. “It looked like such a frickin’ pain in the ass to get off a’ you.”

She lets out a startled little laugh and there we go, there’s his Jo.

“It is kind of a pain in the ass,” she admits with a soft, lopsided little smile, and he grins at
her devilishly.

“Tight frickin’ thing. Thought about what you’d look like poppin’ out if it.”

There’s a little nervous color back in her cheeks now, and her eyes are still dewy but soft, not
afraid anymore, not so – worried about losing him, he’d almost think. He wants to cross the
little room. Three steps and he could have his hands on her thighs, draw consoling little
circles on the bare skin he’s damn near memorized all those mornings he’s been curled up
under the sheets.

“Thought about you other times, too,” he tells her. His sensitive ears flick toward her and he
can hear her heartbeat pick up a little, thudding softly against her breastbone. He hesitates.
Careful, he tells himself. “All the ways I wanted to fuck you.”

She opens her mouth. Closes it. Has the frickin’ nerve to look skeptical, like she doesn’t
know if she believes him. Of the two of them, he figures he has more right to that expression
than she does.

It makes him forget to be wary. His tail lashes behind him impatiently, and his eyes narrow.
“Wanted you on your back with your knees pressed into your shoulders so I could stare at
your cunt for hours,” he rattles off. “Wanted you on my lap in that frickin’ chair–” he points
to the one at his workbench “–bouncing on my dick with my hands squeezing your ass.
Wanted to get a fistful of your stupid hair and wrap it around my forearm, push you down on
your hands and knees so I could rail you from behind. You need me to keep goin’? There’s a
list.”

She’s staring at him now, eyes wide and round, pupils so big and dark that he can only see the
thinnest ring of her pretty irises.

“Oh,” she whispers, and the tip of her tongue comes out to lick her lower lip, leaving it
glossy. “Well. All of that sounds good to me.”
He stares at her for a moment, and then lets out a sharp bark of laughter. She flushes, frickin’
embarrassed, and that about does him in right there. He wonders what else he can do to
embarrass her, to keep her all warm-cheeked and big-eyed. His grin fades as he just stares at
her, though: taking her in. Wrapping himself up in the idea of what he’s about to do to her. He
keeps his arms crossed in front of him and digs his claws into his fur so she can’t see his
fingers tremble.

“If you wanna stop at any point, you just say so,” he tells her at last. His throat is fuckin’ dry,
and his voice is so low it scrapes his throat on its way out. “I walk out and we pretend none
of this ever happened. There’s not a single frickin’ second where you can’t change your
mind.”

She’s already shaking her head. “I’m not going to change my mind. I’m just nervous,” she
says after a beat, trying to sound lighthearted. “I literally haven’t done this in, like, a decade.
Longer.” She chews her lip and offers up a lopsided smile. “I’m a little worried I’m not gonna
be any good at it.”

He doesn’t think. He snorts, and strides across the tiny bunk. It’s only two or three paces but
he’s still so quick she squeaks. She scrambles back and he clamps both hands on her bare
thighs, holding her steady with himself wedged between them. For a second she freezes, then
relaxes under his hands. He slowly reaches out one clawed finger, giving her time to pull
away.

Of course, she doesn’t. His fingertips find the satin streamer of hair he’d been staring at
earlier, and he lets himself trace it the way he’d wanted to then: drifting over her collarbone,
across the the top of her breast, into the valley between them. He’s been pressed against her
enough times to know she’s soft, but actually letting himself feel her like this, lingering over
her with his fingers…he lets the feel of her emboss itself into his sensory memory. He’ll be
able to call up the sleekness of her hair and the shape of her clavicle and the distance from the
hollow of her throat to her cleavage — whenever he wants. The needy little hitch in her
breath that makes her chest jump beneath his touch, and the feel of her heart drumming like
little bird wings behind her sternum — those tactile little memories are his now.

Jolie stifles something that’s half of a whimper and half of a moan. She’d already felt herself
grow damp as soon as Rocket had said that he still wanted to fuck her. Now the floodgates
are fully open. Surely it’s only to be expected after a day’s worth of pent-up sexual tension,
she tries to justify, feeling the heat climb in her cheeks and curl down past her collarbone.
Even those excuses are tattered and flimsy.

She just wants him.

But Rocket is grinning at her response: sharp-toothed and gratified. His expression sends a
tight pinch of desire into her aching abdomen.

“Yeah, there’s no way you’re not gonna be good at this, sweetheart.” His voice goes velvety.
“All you gotta do is sit back and let me play with you. I’ll take care of everything. You gonna
let me do that?”

Oh. Yup, she’s already drenched. She nods mutely.
“And no holding back those pretty sounds,” he orders. Her insides shiver, then melt. His eyes
are thoughtful – considering – but there’s the curl of a smirk flickering at the corner of his
mouth. “You let me and everyone else on this stupid ship know exactly what I’m doing
right.”

Fuck.

His claw catches the wide collar of her button-down, dragging one lapel open and down so he
can see her bruises. The med-packs have faded her contusions to ghosts of their former
selves, and even her shoulder – by far the worst of them – is only mottled with pale yellow
now.

His claws prickle over the skin there and she shivers, remembering the way he’d traced her
bra strap that night on Conjunction. It feels like a million years ago.

All I could think about was rutting into you from behind, he’d said.

“Does it still hurt?”

She shakes her head soundlessly.

“Not even if I press on it?” He doesn’t, though.

“I don’t think so,” she manages to squeeze out. “Barely, maybe.” His eyes are fastened to her
shoulder, or to his hand, or to his hand on her shoulder. There’s a quiet moment, and then he
returns his grip to her thigh. His palms are leathery but smooth, and warm. She feels her legs
quiver.

“Good,” he says, and his gaze finally flicks up to hers, half-lidded and lazy. “You wanna take
your shirt off for me?”

Her fingers fly up immediately and he watches quietly when she fumbles with the buttons.
She jolts when his narrow hands shift, gliding up her thighs toward her pussy. His claws
skitter ticklingly on the vulnerable flesh on the insides of her legs.

“F-fuck,” she whispers, fingers skittering on the slender buttons. When has it taken such
concentration to manage a simple piece of clothing?

“C’mon, sweetheart,” his voice is mild, but it also sounds almost contemplative - like he’s
paying close attention to everything she does, cataloging each little reaction. It feels unfair
for him to be so aware and in-control when she’s already clumsy with want. “You can win
against a few buttons.”

She whimpers against her will, at the words and at his slow, rasping, mocking tone. He
snickers, his thumbs stroking back and forth against the inside of her thighs, just shy of her
damp panties.

She struggles with the last button and then gets it undone, baring the rectangle of flesh
between her breasts, down past her belly-button, to the waistband of her panties.
“Good girl,” he says carelessly, the same way he always does. But another little shudder
ripples through her, and his gaze jumps up to hers: surprised. She can practically see him
filing that observation away, a little bemused grin curling the corner of his mouth as his eyes
flick back down to the narrow lane of bared skin between her breasts.

“I am still mad at you though,” he muses silkily, thumbs still stroking. “Always jumping in,
putting yourself at risk. Still deserve to be punished, don’t you?”

“Whatever you want,” she manages to gasp out, closing her eyes and just trying to focus on
the feel of his hands and claws, so tantalizingly and dangerously close to her pussy. Her clit is
already buzzing and aching. “Whatever you want, I’ll want too.”

There’s a pause, and then he chuckles quietly. “Knew it,” he says, shaking his head. His voice
is caught somewhere between incredulous and unbearably smug. “Knew you’d wanna do
anything I asked. Knew you’d be so fuckin’ eager to please me, sweetheart. Thought that
prob’ly the first time I woke up in bed with you.” His words drop into the quiet, and when
they return, he sounds almost pensive. “What I want most of all is for you to be honest with
me. If you don’t like something, you gotta tell me. Got it?”

She nods mutely, her eyes still closed.

“Open your eyes and say it, princess.”

She lifts her lashes and finds his gaze already locked on hers. She feels her lip tremble. “If I
don’t like something, I have to tell you.”

The grin grows, just a little. “So good for me,” he hums, and then huffs out another half-
startled, half-gratified little chuckle when her thighs twitch involuntarily and she flushes
under his hands.

Somehow she’s still not prepared when his thumb grazes over the panel of thin, wet fabric
between her legs, though. She nearly jumps out of her skin and her eyes shoot down to his
narrow hand, and then back to his face, her breathing gone shallow and reedy. He’s staring
her directly in the eyes now, and he looks rocked.

“Fuck, princess,” he mutters, his gaze dropping back down. He leans back to stare at the
narrow strip of fabric covering her, his face disbelieving. She flushes: half-embarrassed,
aching. “You already soaked through these useless little panties of yours. I barely touched
you and your cunt’s crying for it.” His gaze snaps to hers and his ears flatten – nervous,
maybe – and then darkens when he clocks the new little shudder rippling through her at his
words. He huffs another incredulous little laugh. “You like when I talk to you like that, huh?”

“I like when you say pretty much anything at all,” she confesses, leaning back a bit on her
hands, and he grins. It’s still bemused, and cautious – but also more than a little predatory,
and that makes her shiver too.

“You know what else I’d like, sweetheart?” The words are a purr. “I’d like to see your pretty
panties on the floor.”
He releases her slowly, hands floating off her thighs as he steps back, and Jolie immediately
shifts backward and sideways onto the shelf-bed, tugging the soft scrap of fabric down her
hips without thinking twice. It’s only when he makes a little disbelieving sound that she
pauses, reality and embarrassment crackling at the edges of her consciousness. She looks up,
suddenly uncertain, cheeks going hot.

“Don’t stop, sweetheart,” he says, and the words sound almost rushed. His eyes look a little
darker than she’s used to, the pupils swallowing up more of the whiskey-red irises than usual.
He begins to unbuckle his jumpsuit and roll it down to his waist, and his voice goes velvety
and dark. “You were worried about being good at this, but you’re already doing so well for
me.”

His words send a frisson throughout her, starting at the back of her neck and running straight
down to her clit, and that decides her. She whimpers against her will, sliding her underwear
down quickly. She rolls sideways to discard them on the floor right as he jumps onto the bed.
His sudden pounce startles another squeak from her when he lands between her thighs. His
eyes chart that, too, and his little grin widens – just a touch.

“Such a sweet, well-behaved girl,” he says, and it’s almost a croon. She quivers. “Doesn’t
even have to be told what to do.” He’s already reaching out, trailing his fingers down her
belly. Her hips arch instinctively, before she can stop herself.

“Please,” she gasps out, and his teeth suddenly look sharper, brighter, harder.

“This is gonna be a long night for you if you’re begging this quick,” he tells her solemnly —
mockingly. He knows he’s already teasing her maybe a little too much, but he can’t help it.
“You’re that frickin’ desperate for my dick already?”

She’s just so frickin’ easy to bully like this, and it feels so good — to see her already falling
apart before he’s barely even touched her. Fuck, he can’t believe he almost missed out on
this. All he wants right now is to get his mouth on every inch of her. He slides his fingers
over the lower edge of her ribs, her soft and vulnerable belly. Jo mews a little in her throat,
and the sound goes right to his cock.

“I’ve been…thinking about this,” she confesses desperately. “For a while.”

Something flares in his eyes, then fades. “Thinking about me?” he clarifies, and his claws
draw lazy spirals over her abdomen, then lower. His touch is calculated, but his voice is
hovering somewhere near incredulous.

She bites her lip, nodding, and his voice goes smoky and even lower than she’s heard it
before. He’s tilting his head, peering into her eyes like he’s taking her apart, and whatever he
sees there seems to satisfy him because he chuckles and shakes his head.

“Thinking about me while you touch yourself?” he demands, each word slow and deliberate.
“While you stuff your cute little fingers deep in your pussy?”

She stifles a moan, trying to push her thighs together to give herself some friction. But with
him crouched between her knees, there isn’t much she can do, and the urge to clamp her
thighs together instead results in an aching, involuntary little arch of her hips. He notices, and
grins up at her, shifting closer to force her legs further apart while he traces lazy, light-
fingered patterns up and down the insides of her thighs.

“I’d like to see that,” he purrs. “Your fingers fucking in and out, touching your clit and trying
to play with yourself like you wish I would. Begging for my dick while I just watch and
make you try to come all on your own. Let me watch someday, sweetheart?” The flat,
smooth-leather pad of his thumb skims her clit.

Her hips rock upward immediately, instinctively. “Yes,” she gasps out, breath hitching as he
draws his hand away. “Please.”

“So frickin’ polite,” he mutters, and his eyes dip down to her cunt and linger. “So pretty,
spread all wide open for me. Think I’m gonna make you stay sprawled just like this for a
little bit, keep your cute little snatch on display so I can stare at it for as long as I want.”

Her heart starts thundering and she swears she can feel it in her clit. “That doesn’t – seem
fair.”

“No?” He’s grinning. “I think you’d have fun if I tied you up to the bunk so I could keep you
open and ready for me to look at and play with whenever I wanted.” A tremor runs the rail of
all her bones and he chuckles, still sounding half-incredulous. “Yeah. I think you’d like that a
lot, princess.”

She doesn’t understand this perpetual tone of giddy disbelief he’s got, but she doesn’t really
care as long as he keeps carefully tracing those little patterns on her inner thighs. Her
whimper melts into a wordless whine as he presses her legs wider, gazing down at her with
dark, languid eyes. She can feel herself grow even wetter under his gaze - she can feel herself
dripping now, thighs trembling, channel fluttering and clenching on nothing.

She shakes her head, more to try to clear the gathering haze than to protest. “I was promised
– screaming,” she manages.

He chuckles. “Oh, I’ll get you screaming, princess. I’ll get you sobbing. But for now I wanna
see how wet and sloppy I can make you, just from staring at your gorgeous cunt.” His grin is
all teeth and danger. “I wanna see how desperate you can get just from me lookin’ at you.”

She closes her eyes and muffles a moan with the back of one hand, and then – something that
feels like a compressed gravity-blast shatters against her core and up through her body. She
strangles out a cry, spine arching and muscles clamping; her clit stings and aches and wants,
buzzing like it’s been electrocuted.

“Told you – no holding back those noises of yours,” he says, one brow raised, palm hovering
in the air like a benediction. It takes her stuttering, short-circuited brain a moment to realized
he’s slapped her cunt, all that dangerous precision channeled into making sure his fingers
struck her at the exact angle and speed he’d wanted to spin her up, to make her needy and
sensitive and stinging. She stares at him, eyes huge and alarmed, and he stills instantly.

“You okay, sweetheart?”
His voice is suddenly all concern, his eyes on her face, both hands back on her thighs and his
thumbs rubbing soothing circles against her skin the way he’d wanted to earlier, when she’d
looked so heartbroken it had hurt in his ribs. Careful, he reminds himself.

As for Jolie – she’s sure she’d melt if she wasn’t already made of warm softened caramel.
“Yeah,” she manages to stutter. “Yeah, I just - “

“You want me to stop?”

“No,” she gasps. She tilts her head back, baring her throat and staring at the ceiling. “Please.
No. I just–” She sucks in a breath and her face is so hot she can’t think straight. “Just –
nobody’s ever – I don’t–” When did words become this difficult? You make me feel like
bottled lightning, she almost says, but that doesn’t make any sense. She bites her lip, closes
her eyes, tries to hold onto anything. “Please, Rocket? Keep going?”

There’s a moment of silence, and she imagines him considering, assessing. His thumbs never
stop their light, gentle circles, and the tenderness of the gesture almost makes her want to cry.

She can feel him shake himself a little, and then the soft brush of fur – his tail, she thinks –
sliding against the inside of her knee. She shivers.

“How could I say no when you ask so pretty?” he rasps out at last, and tsks. “Especially when
I can already see you dripping all over the fuckin’ sheets. You’re a goddamn mess, princess.”

Jolie whimpers, collapsing with something like bone-deep relief against the pillows at the
head of the bed. He’s gloating, certainly; mocking, absolutely. Borderline feral. But there’s
something else in his voice, too — something serious and low.

“You know,” he adds thoughtfully, “I think this precious little clit of yours likes when I bully
her a little.” His voice crackles at the end with smugness and his fingers suddenly pinch on
the bundle of nerves between her thighs. Jo’s hips buck right off the mattress and her breath
cracks against the back of her throat.

“Wh—Rocket—“

He just grins — lazily — and rolls her clit idly between his finger and thumb, like it’s just a
little toy for him to fidget with when he wants to distract his restless hands. Jolie whimpers.
She thinks her cunt might be vibrating with need right now, the muscles in her hips and upper
thighs slowly locking into place, quivering and pinned open by staticky, buzzing heat. And
her beloved copilot is framed up between them: shiny metal bolts and silvery collarbones
glinting through fur, the painful-looking scars, the half-ravenous grin on his face, the
glittering and intent carnelian eyes.

He’s fucking gorgeous and she adores him, and she tries to pour all that adoration out of her
gaze into his.

Rocket feels his heart squeeze inside the cage of all his bones and metal. There’s no doubt
he’s keeping her, no way he’s leaving her again, no possibility of ever willingly giving her up
– not when she looks at him like that. It’s the sweetest fuckin’ thing he’s ever had and it’s his
and he’s keeping it. He’s going to make sure she looks at him like that at least once a rotation.
Preferably three times at a minimum, if he has his way.

She looks at him like that and he could almost think she loves him.

He knows – he knows it’s probably just how much she wants him right now. He knows he’s
just gonna be the first person to give her a goddamn orgasm since at least the first day he’d
met her on the Eclector – and probably a good deal before that. She’s just yearning for it:
desperate, begging, aching. And sure – she likes him. Sure, she’s already given him more real
estate than he deserves in her too-generous heart. But he knows it isn’t really any kind of
romantical love and that he’s deluding himself if he pretends it is for even a minute.

She’s just needy.

It’s still cute as hell though. And he still likes it.

“Don’t gotta look at me like that,” he rumbles with that grin, even though he knows his eyes
are fastened on hers. “Just ask nice and I’ll give you a little bit more.”

She doesn’t skip a beat. “Please touch me more, Rocket? Please?”

“Such a sweetheart,” he jeers softly. “But you gotta be more specific, doll.”

She shudders. “Please, Rocket. Touch my clit. Touch my pussy–”

“Your fuckin’ soaked pussy,” he corrects, and she nods. He suspects she’d agree to just about
anything right now.

Her breath is a little hiccup in her lungs and she can’t think beyond the next breath. “Please
touch my fucking soaked pussy?” Her lungs feel shallow and shivery. “Please – I’m so…
fucking wet for you, Rocket, just for you. Please?”

He feels his ears flicker and his tail sweep once, side to side. Fuck. She’s such a frickin’ soft-
touch, such a little frickin’ piece of candy.

“Always going above and beyond,” he mutters under his breath, and his fingers skate against
her cunt. She’s so slick and shiny that his touch just glides smoothly over and between her
folds, dipping into her carefully to avoid knicking her with his claws. She’s going to feel so
good wrapped around his dick – he just knows it. He teases careful circles around her clit,
skimming over it with the flat pads of his fingers in a mockery of the pressure he knows she
needs.

“Fuck,” she gasps out, and he can see her eyes glazing over, knows her vision is blurring.
“Fuck.”

“So good for me.”

Jolie knows Rocket is smug as hell right now - and she likes it. She likes it so much. It sends
a fresh wave of buzzing straight to her pussy. She feels her walls twitch and flutter and
everything feels surreal, hazy, molten. She closes her eyes and tries to focus on the feel of his
hands, the sound of him.

“Next time we’re out flying,” he promises, “I’m gonna look at you sitting all neat and polite
in the pilot’s seat and I’m gonna know you’re trying not to squirm, know you’re thinking
about what I could be doing to make your pussy all sopping wet – trying not to beg me right
there to rail you like the filthy fuckin’ girl you are–”

The words fall out of his mouth, smoky and hoarse, before he can think better of himself. As
soon as he hears them – filthy fuckin’ girl – he flinches and his eyes shoot up to hers, worried
he’s gone too far, said something else to make her nervous.

But each word vibrates up Jolie’s spine and down into her belly and she couldn’t explain it if
anyone asked – but it feels like a luxury. To be talked to this way. To be told how good she is
just for being herself and for letting go and for wanting him as painfully as she does. She
doesn’t generally think very highly of herself, and so every time Rocket lets her know how
much he’s enjoying her, it just makes her feel – warm. And buttery. And quivery and needy.
Everything in her just wants to make him happier, and she’s such a shuddery mess that all she
can say back now is “Y-yes–”

It’s the hottest little whispery one-word response that Rocket could’ve imagined. It’s exactly
like his fantasies – but infinitely better. Jo’s so damn soft and of course he’d already imagined
he could ask her for just about anything and she’d give it to him, and be happy to do so, be
grateful to – whatever he wanted. Suck him off, ride him. But the degenerate daydreams
hadn’t been able to compare to this. Of course they hadn’t. He hadn’t really believed them.

But here she is: fuckin’ overflowing for him, eager to get fucked by him. He’s going to make
sure she loses control of that pretty little cunt.

He wants her as greedy as he is.

Jolie’s vaguely aware of him grinning – wide, this time, shaking his head like he can’t believe
his goddamn luck – and he keeps murmuring the dirtiest, vilest shit she’s ever heard.
Everything inside her is wound tight, reverberating, pulsing. Her thigh muscles hurt, they’re
so tense. The pressure on her clit increases, the rhythm bringing a heat into all her limbs,
right down to her fingers and toes. She clenches the sheets in her hands – right as Rocket
changes the tempo, the direction. Her heart nearly stutters right out of her chest.

“P-please,” she stammers out again, and that’s when he stops completely. She gasps on a
betrayed half-sob, hips hitching pleadingly. He just grins sharply, climbing up to straddle her
waist. He lets his tail sweep over the tops of her thighs and her pubic bone: lazily, languidly,
back and forth. Dipping between. Teasing. He can feel her flinching under him, quivering.

“Not gonna let you come that easy, princess. Still mad at you.”

A whine rises in her throat before she can catch it. “Please, don’t be mad – I’m sorry–” She’s
not even completely sure what she’s apologizing for now. Scaring him, right? When she’d
run to try to help him on Berhert? Or maybe it was for not using a med pack right away?
Or maybe it was just for being someone he cares about?

Her heart stutters in her chest at that because she knows how hard it is for him to let himself
care, and how heartbreakingly frightening it all must’ve been as a result, and that makes her
penitent in earnest. She mews. “I’m sorry, Rocket–”

He only smirks, hands moving to the edges of her shirt. She sucks in a breath as he peels the
unbuttoned panels back and the cool air of the bunk curls over her chest. Her nipples pebble
almost immediately.

He curses under his breath, then drags the back of one hand across her left breast. His
knuckles roll over her nipple experimentally, and she bites her lip, clamping down on another
whine. Both of his hands come up, and his fingers gently close on the flushed tips of each
breast. She sucks in a breath, and slowly – inexorably – he increases the pressure in little
pulses.

“F-fuck,” she moans, tilting her head and arching her back, giving herself up to his hands.
She can feel her pussy clench down on nothing and she slams her legs together. He pinches –
sharply – and she utters a small cry. Then he’s tugging, just lightly, and it’s like there’s a
direct line from her nipples to her clit. She nearly jumps out of her skin, hips bucking
desperately beneath him. She’d be thrashing if he wasn’t straddling her waist, pinning her to
the bed with what must be an artificial, enhanced pelvis. He keeps tugging gently until she
lets out a long, broken little whine that promptly dissolves into whimpers.

His hands skate away, cupping the sides of her breasts, pressing them together.

“So goddamn soft. Knew you’d be soft before I ever even crawled into bed with you,” he
mutters. “Spent way too much time thinking about feeling every fuckin’ inch of you. Wanted
to wake up with my face buried in your tits, your cunt. Wanted to put my hands all over you.
Thought about watching these–” he flexes his fingers against her breasts “–while I fuck you.
Bet they’ll look so pretty when you’re bouncing on my dick–”

His claws prickle against the soft underside of her breast and her breath hitches at the
dangerous, tickling sensation.

“Will you touch me with them?” she gasps out on impulse.

He pauses in his ministrations, dragging his gaze from her chest to her eyes. “With what?”

She licks her lips, then bites the bottom one. “The points of your claws. On my nipples.” He’s
been using the pads of his fingers so far, carefully avoiding anything that could draw blood.

Something flares in his eyes. “They’re sharp, princess. I’ll see about filing ‘em down
tomorrow - “

She’s already shaking her head. “You’re careful,” she argues. “You can…make a fucking
bomb faster than I can blink. You’ve made probably thousands since I’ve known you, and
you’ve never blown us up even once.” She tries for a smile, but it’s shaky and tremulous. “I
trust you.”
He tilts his head at her consideringly. Then he’s leaning forward, arm sliding up so he can
press her unbruised shoulder to the bed. He braces his other elbow against her sternum,
anchoring her to the thin mattress.

“Don’t move,” he cautions her, and then he’s got his palm pressed flat against her nipple,
fingers splayed. Slowly, carefully, he flexes his fingers till just the needle-sharp tips of his
claws rest against her skin, then drags them up over the dome of her breast to converge – with
the faintest prickle - over her areola.

It’s a good thing he’s got her pinned to the bed with whatever enhanced strength he has,
because she jolts – spasms – immediately, her body straining to buck into the faint, dagger-
like tickle. He snatches his claws back, hovering his hand over her and cursing.

“Sorry,” she pants. “Sorry, sorry–”

“Fuck, princess. What the fuck was that?”

Her thighs clamp together behind him, hips rolling against her will beneath him, and her clit
and pussy are aching. She hurts with the emptiness of it, the absence of friction.

“I don’t – I don’t know,” she stammers hopelessly. “It just felt good. You feel good. Please —
again? I won’t move, I promise.”

He eyes her skeptically, one brow raised. “I have a hard time believing that,” he mutters, but
then he’s pressing her back into the mattress. “Hold fuckin’ still this time,” he warns again.

She manages to lock herself in place – thanks in part to the way he’s anchoring her, like he’s
ready to force her soul back into her body if it tries to jump out again –and when his claws
prickle their way over her soft areola and ghost delicately over her nipple, she tries to bundle
up any movement inside. It doesn’t quite work: her body strains under the anvil of his
forearm and the vicelike grip of his legs on her waist, struggling to curve into an involuntary
arch because it wants so badly to have more of his touch on her breast. This time, though –
now that he expects it – he stifles it easily, restraining her long enough for him to linger over
the curve of her areola, stroke carefully over her nipple.

In spite of her inability to move – or maybe because of it – a keening wail curls its way out of
her throat. Her thighs clamp together beneath him – so hard her knees hurt – and slide against
each other desperately. She turns her head, pressing her cheek hard into the pillow as he eases
up. She’s gasping some litany of curse words and gratitudes and his name, and she doesn’t
even know when she started.

“Fuck,” he repeats. His voice almost trembles. “You… precious little slut.”

His eyes jump to hers again and he winces, ears crushing downward like he’s waiting for the
roof to collapse in on him, like he’s afraid of what just came out of his mouth. Maybe she
should feel some sort of way about him calling her that, but he doesn’t sound disgusted or
contemptuous. He sounds awestruck, almost reverent. A hot blush sweeps over her already-
molten body, and a fresh wave of wetness gathers between her thighs. Jolie isn’t sure she has
a coherent thought left in her head, but she manages to nod emphatically. “Yours—”
There’s a moment of silence while he just looks at her, eyes going so dark and intent she can’t
even see the red-whiskey ring of his iris. She’s never been scared of Rocket, not really, not
even once – but if she was going to start, it would probably be now.

If only she was coherent enough to notice.

“You like it when I call you that, sweetheart? My very own little slut?”

His words are a rumbled purr: velvet, pervasive, rubbing little tickling fibers over every
surface of her skin, right down to her cunt.

She whimpers. “Yes, please.”

She can hear him suck in a little breath she might think was surprise, but his voice only gets
smokier. More dangerous. “Please call you my little slut?”

She nods emphatically. “Y-yes. Rocket. Please. Fuck me. Please?”

The silence and his stare both go on so long that she whimpers and clenches her fists in the
sheets next to her, trying not to wriggle. The look on his face is so indecipherable that it could
almost frighten her.

But then whatever near-lapse he might’ve had melts away. He snickers.

“I’m not rushing this, doll. Not a chance. Guess I’m a frickin’ idiot ‘cause I didn’t realize
there’d be so many exciting things to learn about you.”

She’s already shaking her head, ready to beg him again. “There’s nothing excit–”

He chuckles. “No? I already figured out that you like when I tell you what a filthy fuckin’ girl
you are.”

She hums a moan and squeezes her thighs together, pedaling her legs slightly in desperation.
Which of course he notices, because he notices everything, no matter how much she tries to
hide.

“And that you like when I tell you what a good little slut you are for me.”

Her hips rock underneath his, bucking desperately. “Please.”

“And that I can get your pretty cunt all fuckin’ sloppy and begging for my dick without even
touchin’ it.”

She whines.

“And that I can probably make you come just with my claws on your tits, if I can keep you
still long enough for you to really enjoy it.”

He’s grazing those aforementioned claws carefully down her sides, and she shivers.
“That all seems pretty exciting to me,” he says. “I wanna see what else I can do to keep you
squirming like this once I get my dick in you.” He tilts his head and meets her gaze, eyes
hooded and unreadable, lip curled at the corner as he skates the tips of his claws down the
soft underside of her jaw. “I bet you’ll look so pretty on my cock, all wet and begging me to
be just a little bit mean to you.”

She bites her lip, everything tremulous and soft beneath him, and so eager he can’t believe it.
All the tangled misfortune of his life, but here’s this golden, glowing, melting girl in his bed,
sugardrop-sweet and pleading for him.

“C-can I at least touch you?”

Rocket freezes at the question, fingers stilling where they’d skated down the side of Jo’s
pretty neck – the neck he’d had his teeth tucked next to on Conjunction. He knows he’s
repulsive – frankly he’s been pretty impressed with himself for not flinching away from her
so far, even though he knows she’s seen him shirtless before. He’d never asked for any of the
sex workers on Contraxia to touch him beyond necessity – out of respect for ‘em – even
though he’d spent a disproportionate amount of time being as sure as he could be that they
were getting off. And it’s not something he’d ever even thought to request of the pleasure
bots, to be honest. Even the fancy advanced AI he’d accidentally emancipated from the
Golden Peony hadn’t been inclined to try and put her hands on him.

But here’s Jo – Jo, who’s already run her fingers tenderly over the scars on his back, who
painted him like she thought he was perfect – asking once again.

Can I touch you?

He slides one hand underneath her neck and cradles the back of her head, tipping it toward
him so he can meet her eyes. She might be half-delirious but her gaze grounds him
nonetheless, and he tries to return the favor. He wants to pin her to this moment, to make sure
she hears him.

“Don’t know if you noticed,” he tells her carefully, cautiously, “but I’m not as pretty as you
are.”

“Prettier,” she breathes immediately. “I think you’re prettier.”

For a second he can’t breathe. He’s the one pinned. There’s no way he heard that right. His
fingers tighten in her hair and she winces a little. He searches her eyes, her face, trying to
figure out the joke, the reason for the sudden bitchiness. The thought is discarded almost as
soon as it rises. No. She’s teasing, maybe, but Jo doesn’t have a mean bone in her body.

And then he remembers who he’s looking at and he realizes again – it’s Jo.

And she fuckin’ means it.

Of course she does.

He huffs a breath: too soft to be a snort, too incredulous to be anything else.
“You would,” he replies at last, his voice wry. He releases her and leans back, but his skin
trembles under his fur: cautious. Nervous. He tries to keep his face a study in nonchalance
but he knows his ears are betraying him, trying to flatten against his head anxiously. He
might have her half-mindless with want but she’s Jo and she’s gonna be able to see his
skittishness. Feel it.

“Go ahead, sweetheart,” he tells her, trying to sound like he doesn’t really give a shit, like he
couldn’t care less. His voice is low and coarse, though. It hurts in his throat: too brittle, too
broken at the edges. He tries to clear it with a little rumbling cough. “Careful of the
hardware.”

She moves her hands toward him like he’s something sacred, and he watches her fingers lace
through the fur on his abdomen.

It feels like feathers against his skin: the slightest shift on his nerve endings. His groin
tightens and his dick twitches immediately behind the protective cloth of his rolled-down
jumpsuit. It almost startles a little noise out of him, but he keeps it strangled in his throat -
and suddenly finds he can’t swallow around it. Her fingers sift through the fur there, so gentle
that he has to remind himself that this isn’t love – and then they drift up to his chest.

He shifts his eyes to her face, trying to clock any little glint of misgiving or furrow of disgust.
He hasn’t seen any so far – even though he’s been watching her diligently since they’d started
this – but when she ghosts her lightest touch over his scars, his whole body quivers before he
can stop it. It breaks something open in him: that spot behind his sternum. But it doesn’t feel
empty this time – instead, it’s maybe full of light, or warm air, or a pretty hum. Without
thinking, he lets his eyes fall closed for a moment, lets himself lean into the sweetness of her
touch.

She’s… achingly gentle. Adoring, he thinks, and pushes the thought aside before it can let
down little flower-root tendrils. Her fingers flutter tenderly over the puckered, burned flesh
bared near his metal collarbones. With his eyes closed, he could almost imagine they’re the
softest little closed-mouth kisses, brushes of her lips right on his scars. When her fingers
dance over the silvery bolts that protrude from this chest, he feels it - just the faintest shift in
pressure on the nerves around them. It sends a frisson out over his skin again, carried under
his fur, dancing on every nerve like the softest little static shock. He almost moans – a thing
he’s pretty sure has never happened before. He’d said be careful with the hardware, but he’d
been being an idiot, of course. Jo’s always been careful with every inch of him, and it’s
always like nothing he’s ever fuckin’ felt before.

Maybe once, between the bars of a cage, there had been the hope of it – but that hope had
died on a dirty floor with a hole in its chest.

Now, here’s Jo, sliding her wrists lightly over his shoulders. She lets her fingers sink deeper
into the thick fur there, massaging the muscles underneath, shifting behind his neck to stroke
the base of his skull. Her fingers curl gently in his undercoat and squeeze, and the tender little
tug on his fur sends a shiver right down through him — forcing him to straighten, pulling a
little arc into the base of his spine — and that has also never happened before. He shudders
against his will and his eyes flare open and he fuckin’ needs to fuck her now.
Her eyes are big on him, luminous and glossy, and she’s biting her lip like she wants to say
something but doesn’t think he’ll want to hear it.

He’d ask, but he’s afraid.

And also, he needs to fuck her right now.

He slides backward suddenly — before she can say anything at all — crawling off her hips
and lodging himself between her legs again in one smooth motion. One hand cups her shin,
pushing up and forward until her leg is bent double, because he wants her pinned open for
him so he can get deep as soon as he slides into that pretty, wet snatch. But then his eyes
catch on her leg and stick there: locked on the pale pink ribbon bisecting her shin, the scar-
souvenir from Asgard – from that time he’d almost lost her, almost left her. It’s winding
around her calf, just above his fingertips, and he doesn’t fuckin’ deserve her.

But he’ll take her. He’ll take whatever she’s offering right now and he’ll keep her as long as
she lets him.

He swallows, then leans down to flick his tongue delicately against her scar, quick and gentle.
When he lifts his head, she’s looking at him with a soft, bewildered stare. Don’t fuckin’ rush
this, he reminds himself, and tries to reel all his impatience and greediness back in. He feels
his eyes go intent and narrow and he keeps her gaze trapped with his – then pushes her knee
slowly, gently, inexorably into her shoulder.

Before Jolie can even register what’s happening, her pussy is fully exposed to him. If she
wasn’t already so overheated and flushed, she’d be blushing. Instead, she feels the
embarrassment curl up in her lower belly, just making her wetter.

“Rocket–”

“You were so frickin’ soft for me, right from the start.” He says it under his breath, like she’s
unspooled a confession from him. His voice is lower and quieter than she’s ever heard it, and
it rumbles along every single inch of her skin — including her wet folds, and the shivering
pearl of her clit. She could almost imagine that voice fills her up inside. Jo can’t fully grasp
what he’s saying, because wave after wave of heat blossoms in her belly at the same time the
walls of her pussy try to clamp down on nothing. His claws scratch lightly down her belly,
pressing down to hold her abdomen still while her hips twist and twitch. Each touch makes
her warmer, more frantic.

“You were so fuckin’ soft for me, and I–” He breaks off and swallows, and for a moment
there’s something vulnerable in his face, almost regretful. But then he’s gently circling her
clit, pressing the flat of his thumb to it almost tenderly, and the pressure is all she can think
about. She realizes from a great distance that he must be being so mindful of his claws for
her, but she’s already so close she can’t focus.

“Rocket, please–”

“I shoulda been nicer to you sooner,” he mutters at last, and now his palm is sliding against
her: first teasing and tender, then with increasing intensity. The warmth of him is crushing up
against her at an almost brutal pace and pressure. Her toes flex and curl, and her breasts are
jiggling with the forceful rhythm of his hand pressing spirals into her clit. His tail flicks
against the inside of her thigh and behind her knee: teasing and feathery. Her eyes squeeze
shut tight, and she tries to sink into the feel of him, tries to let that pressure wash over her,
flood into every muscle. “I was so fuckin’ mean, and you were so damn sweet.”

She can’t respond. Her breaths are ragged now, heat spiraling — and then, right as that bright
band of molten gold in her belly is about to snap in a shower-spray of sparks, he abruptly
stops. Again. The heat inside her deflates and she gasps, stunned by disappointment — and
when he roughly tweaks her clit, she lets out a broken sob.

“You were always trying so hard for me, weren’t you?” his voice is a low croon, but she’s
suddenly not sure he’s mocking her after all. The ability to think shatters on the next glide of
his fingers, though. “Trying so hard to make me feel good. From that very first day.”

“Just wanted you to be h-happy,” she stutters out, hand reaching for his wrist pleadingly,
desperate to ride his fingers. “Wanted you to h-have whatever you needed.”

“That’s right, princess. I know.” There’s something in his voice: still halfway-feral but also
achingly soothing. His callused fingers pluck and rub at her, fanning that little gold ember
back into fire. “Little goddamn sugardrop. Should’ve been fucking you three times a night
ever since you let me outta that cage. Should’ve been making you come till you were crying
and you couldn’t see straight. Should’ve been practicing making your pussy gush anytime
you heard my voice. Should’ve been convincing you to love–”

His voice catches and for a moment she thinks there might be actual remorse in it, which she
wants to tell him is completely unnecessary – but then he curves his hand so his palm is
grazing the lips of her pussy while he strokes her clit and she loses the thread of his words.

“–to fuckin’ love getting railed by me. My very own eager little slut. So generous – such a
good, sweet little whore just for me, just wanting to ride my dick, to come for me, to take
care of me.”

Her toes point and her ankles arch and she can feel herself just inches away from dissolving
into the burnt-up heart of a pale star — and Rocket slides his hand away from her cunt,
leaving her bereft again. She hiccups out a sob and tries to reach for him, but he leans away,
watching her as he skates a careful, teasing finger between her folds.

“That’s what you wanted the whole time, wasn’t it, sweetheart? To take care of me?”

She thinks she might be crying. She nods frantically, tears spilling over her cheeks. “Y-yes –
Rocket – wanted to–”

“I know,” he murmurs. “I know.” His voice shifts. “Your pretty pussy lips are practically
crying for my dick between them. D’you want my dick, sugardrop?”

She mews again, mindless, as his fingers continue to work her over: circling, massaging,
pinching, dipping into her – just barely. She can’t think, and she can barely move thanks to
the position he has her in, her knee pressed into her own shoulder.
And then he gives her clit another sharp, precise swat. The stinging shock of it blooms from
her cunt into her thighs, trembles down to her toes and up into her ribs and the tips of her
breasts. This time, she can’t arch against the feeling – not with the way he has half of her
body bent double and helplessly locked down. Instead, she squeals – something, maybe his
name, she doesn’t know.

“Told you to use your words, princess,” he teases, and she thinks he’s back to grinning. “Told
ya you’d scream. Gonna keep this up till you’re crying. Now, can you answer me? D’you
want my dick?”

She already is crying – she can feel the tears streaking her cheeks, glazing her vision,
weighing down her eyelashes. “Yes,” she gasps desperately, her breath catching in her throat.
“Want y-your dick, Rocket.”

“What happened to the good little slut who was so polite? Who wanted to be nice to me? You
can be nicer than that. You don’t want to be nice to me, princess?”

“I do,” she manages to sob. She’s actually getting fucking dizzy. Is the ceiling of the bunk
moving? He slaps her clit again and she really screams this time, a broken-sounding wail.

“Please, please. Please – I want to be nice to you, Rocket. Let me be nice to you. I want your
dick. In my–”

He smacks her again and the words turn into a squeal.

“–in my cunt, Rocket! Please, fuck my cunt, Rocket! Please, Rocket? Please? Please?”

“Open your eyes an’ look at me, princess.”

She doesn’t remember closing them, but she reacts immediately: her gaze seeks his
unerringly, blurred with tears.

“Good girl. So frickin’ sweet, begging for my cock like that. I should’ve been telling you
from the moment you got me off the Eclector – what a sugar-sweet good girl you are.
Should’ve been showing you how hard I could make your tight little pussy come for me.”

He slaps her cunt again, patient and remorseless, and she’s sure she’s weeping now, ragged
and imploring.

“Focus, sweetheart. Look at me.”

His eyes look so intent through her tears and she can’t figure out why – everything is too
hazy with tension, his thumb stroking her stinging clit endlessly, a shade too slow and light to
give her what she wants. His voice drops an octave again – something she always forgets is
even possible – and it’s low and purposeful.

“Can I keep you?” he rasps. “Please let me keep you, princess.”

There’s a weight to the words — she can feel it, but she’s too frantic to identify it. And she’s
already agreeing, anyway — as far as Jolie is concerned, she’s belonged to him since the
moment she spotted him in that damn cargo hold, and he can have her for as long as he’s
willing to put up with her. “Yes, okay, yes, Rocket – I’m yours, please – I’m yours–”

Rocket leans back abruptly, hands suddenly releasing her leg and her clit as he shifts away.
Jolie’s chest splits and hollows right down the middle at the sight of him turning his back on
her. Her ribs splinter like glass. She’s so heartbroken that she sobs in earnest now, tears
spilling out of the corners of her abandoned eyes and into the hair at her temples, suddenly
stricken by the thought that he’s leaving her, aching and begging and lonely – and he must
really be mad, he must really hate her–

“Wait – w-wait – I’m so sorry–”

She knows she sounds shattered, sounds mortally wounded – and he curses, coming back to
stroke her thigh, one-handed. “Not going anywhere, sweetheart. Just gimme a second. Swear
I’m gonna take care of you; gonna make it up to you. Promise.” Then he’s tugging down the
waist of his jumpsuit and his cock springs free – narrow, maybe four inches long, and fucking
hard.

For just a moment, he hesitates. “I know humies are built different–” he starts to say, and she
could absolutely not care less. She just tries to wriggle closer.

“Please just fuck me, Rocket, it’s perfect, you’re perfect, please please please please–”

He grits his teeth and lunges forward, hands coming around to grip her hips and ass as he
hauls her pussy up to meet him. He sinks into her and she damn near screams again at the
sudden intrusion: a strangled, grateful cry that tears its way out of her throat. Rocket might be
small compared to the few boys she’d hooked up with on Terra, but it’s been years and she
isn’t used to gripping anything at all these days. The stretch of her inner walls feels bone-
rattlingly good, and now her eyes are blurring with a new round of frantic, feverish tears. Her
legs lock around him, thighs anchored into his flanks and ankles crossed at the small of his
back, just over the base of his tail, like she’d hold him there forever if she could.

“Thank you,” she chants, not even realizing it, practically babbling. “Thank you, Rocket–”

“You fuckin’ sweet, perfect little thing,” he’s muttering, breathlessly. “You goddamn–” His
voice cracks off, and maybe if she’d been able to process anything, she would have been able
to identify the emotion there. But he switches gears mid-sentence, returning to something
safer. He digs his knees into the mattress and eases himself out of her — as much as she’ll let
him — before slamming back into her.

“Never been inside a cunt so warm and wet and – fuckin’ tight. Never thought I’d get to
touch yours, play with it like I wanted, fuck it like I wanted. Thought about it every frickin’
night and morning.” He makes a grunting little groan. “Needy little pussy. Feels like wet
silk.” He’s pounding into her so hard she can feel her breasts bouncing back and forth, but
each thought is obliterated with the next stroke. Something about where his cock is hitting
inside her has her toes curled up against the sheets. She can hear the wetness of it, her slick
pussy sucking at him, and she can feel his damp fur rub against her with every movement.
“Yeah. I’m a frickin’ moron. Should’ve been making you beg to ride me every day, waking
you up by making that pussy all sloppy and wet first thing in the morning. Eager little thing –
so soft for me. Can’t believe I was gonna leave you behind.”

“Rocket,” she’s whimpering and gasping, and every time he thrusts into her, his name breaks.
“Rocket — thank you — Rocket–”

His hand finds her clit again, toying with it, teasing it while he fucks her relentlessly, and
she’s gasping and trying to catch her breath between tears, so lightheaded she thinks she
might pass out.

“Words,” he reminds her, but he sounds almost as breathless as she is.

“Please let me come,” she pleads. “Please don’t t-take it away again — please let me come on
your dick–”

He hisses something she can’t quite hear, and then his fingers find a fast, steady, punishing
rhythm on her clit, moving in time to his increasingly-frantic thrusts. “Go on, sugardrop.
Come all over me. Gonna make you come every chance I get. Gonna make you beg for me
again and again and again and again and again.” Every other word is punctuated by another
sharp thrust, another punishing glide of his fingers. “Softhearted little slut. Gonna make you
love me.”

She’s careening over the edge of stars and singularities, limned crisp at the edges by fire and
broken light, muscles clenched, ankles arched and toes pointed, pleading nonsensically while
gold sparks explode behind her eyelids, hot and bright.

“Good girl, good fuckin’ girl; such a sweetheart,” she thinks she hears him mutter
feverishly, and then feels his tempo shift to something faster, more chaotic. Her pussy flutters
and clamps, exhausted but still pulsing in the aftermath. It’s less than a moment before he
snarls something incomprehensible before jerking out of her and rutting against her hipbone,
coming almost immediately in a pool of sticky semen on her abdomen.

Everything falls quiet, except for her stuttering gasps and his rasping, heaving breaths. It’s
minutes, maybe. Or hours. But eventually, she’s able to blink away the dazzles and sparks.
With her body all blissy and buttery, she tries to focus her eyes on Rocket — tries to find
herself in the sparkling sprawl of the galaxy.

Her copilot is holding himself up on his hands and knees over her belly, and she stares down
hazily at the top of his head, hovering just above her breasts. She can see his shoulders and
back shuddering as he tries to rake air into his lungs.

Fuck me, she thinks lethargically, and then – dizzy and breathless and shot through with
endorphins – she feels a giggle rise up like a bubble in her throat at the words. Jolie is not
usually a person who giggles but–

“Holy fuck,” she manages to squeeze out between the giddy little gasps of light laughter, and
his face whips up so he can meet her gaze. For a moment he looks hunted and scared, and she
realizes too late that he probably thinks she’s laughing at him, so she tries to explain the first
thing that comes to mind:
“I think you broke me. All I can see are stars.”

There’s a long moment of stillness, and then the sudden tension in his shoulders melts away,
and he chuckles too. She revels in the sound.

“Feeling’s mutual,” he rasps out, and pushes himself into a sitting position. She wishes he
would stay there, even lie down on her belly, but she’s covered in sweat and slickness and
semen, and self-consciousness suddenly kicks in.

“Sorry,” she says, scooting back on shaky, trembly legs. Her voice trembles too, the air in her
lungs still shivering and uncertain. “I got your fur wet–”

He snorts rudely, already climbing off the bed. “D’you hear me complaining?” He pauses,
looking back at her over his shoulder while he reaches for two hand towels off the little shelf
by the door. His eyes on her are languid, half-lidded as he cleans himself as well as he can
with the dry fabric. “I’m planning on gettin’ you all over me whenever I have the chance.”

She feels the heat start in her throat and extend both ways: up to the tips of her ears and
cheekbones, down to the tips of her breasts. He must see it too because his eyes drop down to
her chest and he grins.

“So,” she says slowly, “you do want to do this again?” Just to make sure, she thinks.

His head tilts and eyes her consideringly, tossing the dirty towel by the door without looking.
“You don’t?”

“Oh,” she utters, and feels her eyes go wide. She hadn’t realized it wasn’t obvious. “I do. I
very much do.”

He advances slowly, almost cautiously, second towel still in hand. He hesitates for a second,
and then reaches for her, carefully mopping up the mess on her belly. She goes still, almost
afraid to breathe for fear of wrecking the moment.

“Didn’t want to come inside,” he mutters, keeping his eyes on her abdomen. “Not without
asking.”

She’s melting all over again.

He taps the inside of her knee lightly and she lets her legs fall open, a little uncertainly, and
then he’s wiping down her inner thighs, each stroke more gentle than the last. She shivers and
his eyes dart up to her, almost playful.

“You already wanna go again?”

She blinks at him. “I’ll die.”

He laughs at that – a real laugh, the one she loves best, the one she’s only heard very rarely –
and tosses the second towel on the floor, letting it join the first one.
“Bed’s gonna be damp,” he says, surveying the mattress, and she feels herself blush hotly.
“Shoulda put a towel down.” He grins at her. “Didn’t think you’d make such a mess,
sweetheart.”

She hums a little, self-conscious but still tingling with leftover bliss. “I think I’ve been wet
since last night,” she confesses. “I was thinking about you all day.”

It’s his turn to blink, and then he’s groaning, pressing his fingers into his eyes briefly before
turning away.

“Still so frickin’ sweet,” he mutters, reaching for the collection of waterbags he’s taken to
keeping on his workbench. “I’m gonna make you pay for it every time we can get someone to
watch the kid.”

He stabs a straw into one bag and hands it to her.

“Thank you,” she murmurs, and takes a long draw on the straw while he watches. Once he’s
satisfied, he grabs a second bag for himself and hops up on the bed next to her.

They sit for a moment in silence, and somehow it feels even better than all their
companionable silences before. She can feel him relax next to her after a few moments, and
then his shoulder leans into her upper arm, just a little. She stills at the faint pressure, and her
skin is humming with contentment.

“Might be a chore to get someone else to watch him, though,” Rocket says after a long, quiet
moment. She can hear the outright mischief in his voice. “You were loud as hell. Probably
nobody but us is gonna want a repeat performance.”

Heat floods her face for what must be the thousandth time that might. “Was I that bad?”

He snickers. “Not bad. They’re just all gonna be jealous.”

She hesitates, her face still burning up. “How much do you think they heard?”

He turns to look up at her, and he must read something in her face because his voice softens
into something a little less mocking. “Probably couldn’t make out the particular words unless
they were right outside the bunk,” he concedes – then smirks. “And I’m sure they all got as
far away as they could.” He grins up at her. “Honestly, they should consider themselves
frickin’ lucky to get to hear you like that. Better than music.”

She presses her knees together at his comment, belly fluttering despite her exhaustion and
sudden self-consciousness, and tries to focus on her water and preparing herself for
tomorrow. Pete’s either going to be unable to look at her, or he’ll do something abjectly
humiliating, like try to give her a high-five. Drax will make some sort of ultimately harmless
but deeply embarrassing observation – Mantis too, most likely. Gamora will probably pretend
it never happened, thank god.

“Hey,” Rocket interrupts her thoughts, and one clawed hand skitters to her bare knee and
away. She looks to him immediately and he’s watching her with trepidation. “You okay?
You’re not….”

He trails off and she suddenly realizes he’s worried – that she’s second-guessing everything,
or maybe that she doesn’t want the others to know she’s fucking him – like he’s some sort of
dirty little secret she’d be embarrassed by. She feels herself ache and she gives him the
warmest, gentlest smile she can. “Just thinking through the fallout,” she says lightly. “But it’s
totally worth how intolerable everybody is gonna be.”

He snorts. “They are intolerable,” he agrees, but she can hear the affection in his voice now,
and it warms her.

Then she shivers, and he’s looking at her again, plucking the empty water-bag from her hands
and tossing it – along with his – onto the workbench.

“You need anything else?” he asks, and she tries not to grin. He sounds almost – fussy.
“Food? A shower? Anything?”

A shower? Together? Her half-dozing brain flickers awake at that, and she forces herself to
file the idea away for later. She shrugs and lets herself smile. “Just wanna lay down with
you,” she says softly, and something shifts in his face. He launches from the bed lightly,
tapping the plasma orbs so that they start fading to full-dark.

“Get under the blankets, then,” he orders. “I can tell you’re cold.”

She wriggles back and lays down, and he’s already pulling the sheets and covers up around
them, climbing over her with a tickle of fur on her naked hip and flank so he can nestle in
behind her. His tail sweeps the outside of her hip and she jolts – and she can feel him pause,
clocking her reaction. His quick, clever hands pluck at the fastener in her hair, and she feels
the release of pressure on her scalp when he lets go. His clawed fingers catch in her hair and
she shivers again. He goes still, then chuckles.

“You know I’m keeping track of each frickin’ thing you react to, right?” he taunts. When his
claws graze lightly at the nape of her neck, her shoulders shudder and her abdomen clenches
with the ghost of her earlier orgasm. “Fuck, princess. Is there an inch on your body that
doesn’t get you turned on?”

“I mean, a couple hours ago, I would’ve said most of the inches don’t get me turned on,” she
offers up. “But, uhm, here we are.” She hums a self-conscious little note. “I think it might
just be you.”

His hand smooths down her side, soothing her, but when his claws thoughtlessly prickle up
the small of her back, her whole body spasms sharply on a leftover aftershock and she stifles
a half-sob, breath hiccuping. He freezes, and then feels himself frickin’ melt for her.

“Okay,” he mutters consolingly into her hair, his voice rasping as he goes back to stroking her
side, his palm solid and reassuring. It’s the firmness of his touch that anchors her, easing her
back into her body. “Okay, princess.” His thumb presses into the fat and muscle over the back
of her lower ribcage, massaging deliberately. The still-damp fur on his abdomen brushes the
middle of her spine as he wriggles upward to tuck his narrow jaw over the top of her head,
  and his tail loops over her side, tip twitching against her belly. “So frickin’ sweet.
  Unbelievable.”

  The sheets are damp, but she barely notices. The steady stroke of his hand, gliding down her
  shoulder blade to her waist, lulls her. She’s warm and safe and everything in her feels soft
  and buttery and happy. Sleep drifts in quickly, lapping at her like an incoming tide. The
  darkness envelopes them, cocoons them, and she feels the velvety shadows against her heavy
  eyelashes, pressing them closed.

  “You said you were gonna make me love you,” she murmurs into the darkness with a soft
  huff of sleepy laughter, half-drunk with drowsiness and contentment. His hand stills against
  her and Rocket feels his stomach drop and his whole body tighten: all his spiked defenses
  half-raising again at the sound of her laughter, his ears flattening and his lip curling back so
  he can bare his teeth and snap at her – but Jolie’s too dozy and slumberous to notice.

  “Too late,” she tells him hazily, before he can say a goddamn thing. The words are sweet and
  heavy in her mouth, like bonfire smoke and the juice of sunwarmed pears. “Loved you since
  before you even went into the Kyln.”




Chapter End Notes



    warnings: sex with an anthropomorphic space raccoon. dirty talk. praise. pussy-slapping.
    edging/orgasm delay. begging. little bit of nipple play (with claws). use of "slut" and
    "whore" (affectionate). light dom/sub vibes. aftercare. litttttle bit of angst. i think that's
    it?

    uhhhhhh i hope this was okay. i'm totally not nervous at all. jk i haven't been this
    nervous since posting part three of blackmail material.

    as i've mentioned before there's lots of jolie art (my own and some of yours!) on the
    window across the galaxy masterlist, and you can join me on tumblr for random shit,
    chapter/fic-previews, expected posting schedules, headcanons and minifics that don't
    generally get posted here.

    also i wrote a lil "holiday special" for jo and rocket on there in case you're interested.

    anyway i love you and i hope this did not disappoint. i edit a sex scene too many times
    and i'm like "i don't even know what half these words mean anymore." i'm a sucker for a
    love confession though if y'all haven't figured that out yet.

    you are sunlight on crystalline branches after an ice-storm and you are precious and i
    hope you have a lovely night.
Coming Soon: Chapter XXII. Got There Worse. in which rocket does not say “i love
you.”
                                   Chapter 22: Got There Worse.
Chapter Summary




      in which rocket does not say “i love you.”



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Jo’s words rattle in Rocket’s head long after her breathing eases into something steady and
   even. With the hand that isn’t still lingering over her with even, deliberate strokes – even
   though he’s pretty sure she’s long since fallen asleep – Rocket pushes his thumb and fingers
   into his eyes, then buries his nose into the loose hair at the back of her head and throat and
   forces his groan to dwindle into a sigh, breathing her in instead.

   The look on her face — when he’d been leaning against her at the beginning, saying filthy
   shit he’d immediately and kinda fearfully regretted — it should’ve been enough to clue him
   in. When she’d asked so sweetly to touch him, doe-eyes all big and adoring, like he was
   doing her some kind of favor, like she was the lucky one—

   Just wanted you to be happy, she’d sobbed later, honey-sweet and practically incoherent with
   need, almost apologizing for doing him the impossible inconvenience of trying to give him
   literally everything he could ever have asked of her, and more.

   Rocket generally considers himself a genius. He wouldn’t say he’s proud of it, necessarily —
   he’s not sure how much of it he comes by naturally, and can a person really be proud of how
   some selfish, power-hungry god-wannabe made ‘em? — but it does make him smug when he
   can use his fucking brain to outthink some jackass or another.

   But somehow he didn’t think of this. Somehow, he managed to very stupidly overlook the
   fact that she hadn’t just been soft for him. She’d been… fuck, she’d been the sweetest frickin’
   thing he’d come across since he’d left CounterEarth.

   Loved you since before you went into the Kyln.

   Is it more surprising that somehow, in spite of all of his worst fuckin’ efforts, it’s true? Or is
   it more surprising that he believes it?

   Fuck. Why’d he have to be such an asshole? When he thinks back and remembers how he’d
   planned to electrocute her and throw her off the Gemma Lynn on Conjunction, his mouth
   goes sour. Imagine thinking that stunning her was the right move when he could have had her
   laid out for him like this: still writhing, yeah; limbs still shaking and heart stuttering
   helplessly, sure; unable to speak, and still on the verge of passing out — but eyes all needy
and cunt dripping, trying to tell him so sweetly that she’ll want to do anything he wants her
to, and to pretty-please let her come on his dick.

He bets — if he’d put any actual effort into being nice to her that first day — he could’ve
been licking her pussy before they even left Conjunction. Maybe sooner. He could’ve had her
writhing on his cock, begging him to call her his very own good little slut, coming all over
him, telling him she needed him since the fourth or fifth rotation.

Maybe already telling him she loved him.

Not that his dumb ass would’ve been ready to hear it.

So much wasted time. So many needless opportunities to lose her before he’d even known
he’d wanted her.

He’s such a frickin’ moron sometimes.

He supposes they should’ve had an actual conversation before he’d frickin’… rutted them
both into oblivion. He hadn’t expected to be in a situation where it would’ve been helpful to
have known her boundaries and limits, despite what she’d said the previous night. To be
honest, he hadn’t expected any of it. He’d seen her shifty and quiet all day. He’d expected to
come down to the bunk to find her bloodying her fingertips with worry, miserable and full of
regret: I’m so sorry, Rocket-my-love, I don’t know what I was thinking last night; can we still
be friends?

He wouldn’t have blamed her. He even thinks he would’ve managed to be
uncharacteristically nice. Because he’d been practicing in his head all day: a nonchalant
expression. Unperturbed. Casual. Yeah, sweetheart, of course we’re still friends. Yeah, let’s
just sleep. Would’ve been a bad idea anyway. It’s been a rough few rotations and you must be
tired and I’m sorry for bein’ a dickhead last night and the day before and always, princess,
and let’s just rest. Let’s forget it ever happened.

No. He hadn’t expected those big, glossy eyes, nervous and half-hazed already when he got
there, bare legs already trembling a little. He’d had to make sure he was reading every sign
right. Are you sure? She’d been nothing but eager until he’d almost fucked it all up by
making her think he didn’t want her, that he was the one backing out.

And when he’d discovered how wet she was already — nope. He hadn’t expected any of that,
not even after her breathy confession the night before.

You’ll turn me into an actual brat.

He snorts softly into her hair. Unlikely. The look on her face when he’d called her a good girl
that first time — the little shiver that had run through her—

At this point, he figures he knows that Jo’s never felt she was good for anything or anyone,
not for probably even a day in her life — not since Gemma got taken, anyway — and if
telling her how well she gets fucked or how pretty she looks coming on his dick is enough to
make her feel good about herself for even five frickin’ minutes, it’s certainly no hardship for
him. He’ll tell her as many times as she wants. He’ll give her whatever she fuckin’ needs.

But it’s also why they’re gonna need to have a conversation. And he’s gonna need to be
careful — to make sure he doesn’t accidentally push her into anything she doesn’t want or
isn’t ready for or doesn’t enjoy. He’ll make sure they talk about it in the morning, if she’s still
— if she still wants to let him —

He cuts off the stammering, suddenly-anxious thoughts. For now, she’s lying naked next to
him, dozy and sweet and soft and all his. He isn’t so much of an idiot that he doesn’t realize
she’d been under duress when she’d said he could keep her, but he lets himself ease into the
fantasy of it.

And the truth is — if he lets himself think about it honestly, which he usually avoids
whenever he can — the truth is that the mind-blowing sex that had him almost losing his
grasp on gravity and seeing black sparks in the aftermath is not even a necessary part of this
equation. It’s not something he’d ever really planned on, or even let himself hope for.

Fucking her had just been a filthy frickin’ daydream — a sublimation, of sorts.

When a girl spills out her whole life for a little monster — tapping her soothing little four-
count breaths and offering up discreet little massages in bed, helping him build a
dysfunctional frickin’ family and refusing to let him throw it away — when she tells him
again and again in a hundred different ways that she sees him like he’s something good and
whole — what’s a frickin’ lowlife to do but imagine paying her back in a million
overwhelming orgasms?

It won’t come close to how stupidly breathless and vulnerable any one small piece of it has
made him, it won’t come close to how loved she’s made him feel.

But he guesses it’s a start.

++++

He wakes several times in the night — sometimes startled, other times hazy and slow — and
each time he has to check that it’s real. Jo’s always there — right in his grasp, naked and
warm, hands brushing against him, curled up around him. When morning comes, he pulls
himself into consciousness far more slowly and luxuriously than he can remember ever doing
before. He can feel Jo shifting around him: warmth and softness and that honey-lotion.

“Can I hold you?” she murmurs sleepily against his ear, and he feels it twitch involuntarily at
the soft puff of breath, brushing her lips. He grumbles out a sound he hopes is encouraging. It
must be, because her arm loops around him, tugging him against her, cradling him. She slips
her other arm under him, pillowing his head against the inside of her upper arm. How had he
forgotten she was naked? Her breasts press into his back and for a minute, he’s afraid all his
metal bolts and bars will bruise or pinch her.

But she doesn’t seem to mind anything about his body — she’s burying her face in the back
of his neck, wrapped all around him like he’s something to be treasured. For a moment, he
feels his eyes get glassy and wet. His hand reaches up — without his permission — to stroke
the forearm she’s got draped across his chest.

He dozes. Maybe she does, too. When he wakes again, she’s still enveloping him. Honey and
curlflower tea; a waterfall of shiny satin hair.

“We should get up,” she whispers reluctantly. “Otherwise Pete’s gonna pick the next job
without our input.”

“Let ‘im,” Rocket rumbles back. He realizes as soon as he says it that it’s out-of-character for
him, but he could not possibly give less of a shit.

Jo notices it too, and chuckles against him. “I guess there’s a first time for everything,” she
teases, and he reaches down without thinking and pinches her thigh. She yelps, and then
bursts into laughter, her breath stirring his fur.

He has no intention of moving, though. Maybe not ever. Over the last few dozen cycles, he’d
gotten used to her nighttime touches, her casual half-unconscious cuddles and the embraces
he pretended not to notice. He’d gotten used to just staying in her arms when he’d wake up
first and she’d had him all bundled up against her. But this is the first time he’s let himself be
held with any intention since—

Since napping with Floor in his cage, he supposes. For the first time in memory, the thought
doesn’t sit in his gut like a slow-acting poison. Sure, it makes him melancholy — and sure, it
hurts. But it doesn’t feel like a blaster to his kidney or a gravity-bomb in the chest.

“Are you still okay?” Jo asks after a moment, and she sounds hesitant. “With everything from
last night?”

Fuck. She’s too much.

“Are you?” he asks evenly.

He can feel her nod emphatically against him and he swallows a shaky, incredulous laugh,
because how the fuck is this his life right now? Wrapped all up in the arms of a pretty, selfless
girl who’s pressing her mouth reverently to the back of his neck, like he’s the fucking
blessing in this situation.

Whatever you want, I’ll want too.

He wonders if she’s already wet.

“We should talk,” he says, because he’s promised himself. To make sure she’s okay with
everything, to make sure she’s safe, to make sure he doesn’t fuck anything up. “To make sure
we don’t… do anything the other person doesn’t want.”

“Okay,” she agrees readily, like that’s easy. Any self-consciousness or anxiety he’d felt melts
away. “Let’s stay like this though,” she adds, “because if I have to look you in the face I’m
going to start stammering and blushing.”
He can hear it in her voice already and it makes him grin. More than anything, he wants to
tease her right now — because he can, and she’ll let him — but he makes himself wait.

So they talk, sorting out boundaries and safeties.

“You don’t mind when I call you things?” he presses when she tells him how much she likes
the way he talks to her. “I don’t—“ He trips over the words. He knows what it’s like to be
told things that crawl under your skin and lodge there. Things that hurt. “I don’t want you to
think—“

“I don’t mind being called a slut if I’m yours,” she says immediately, like she’s read his
mind. God, he can hear the blush rising in her throat and he wonders if she’s doing that pretty
thing where she turns rosy all the way down to her nipples. And again, how is this his fucking
life right now? “And the way you say it feels… “ she hesitates. He waits, vaguely wondering
when he became so content to be patient.

Although maybe having a set of flawless breasts pressed against a person while they wait
makes it easier.

“It feels good,” she settles on at last. “It feels like you like it — the things my body does and
how much I want you—“ she stumbles a bit over her words “—and that makes me want you
even more.”

He traces the little bones and tendons in her wrist and the back of her hand, still tucked
against his chest, and she grows quiet. He thinks he can understand it, in a roundabout way.
How often has he leaned into being a freakish little monster when it suited him, when he felt
like he was snatching something back? Of course, whatever she’s doing here with him seems
at least a little healthier and safer and saner than trying to scare away all your friends or
antagonize half the galaxy into killing you.

And it’s also why he has to be careful with her.

“I really do think,” she’s saying, her voice still thin with self-consciousness, “that anything
you wanted to do, I’d like. Because I want to make you happy, sure, but also because I know
you don’t want to do anything that I won’t like. I know you’ll take care of me.”

Trust has pretty much terrified Rocket since CounterEarth: giving it, having it. But however
Jo’s worked her fuckin’ candy-sweet spell over cycles and cycles, all he wants to do is take
this little gift of hers like it’s a bomb made of glass. Tuck it into one of the pockets in his
jumpsuit and protect it with his stupid frickin’ life.

Every word she says goes right into his heart. And to his dick. He tries to reign himself in.
He’s going to need to check in with her so much, he knows — if only for his own peace of
mind. This girl can’t be trusted to use a frickin’ medpack when she needs one; of course he’s
gonna have to look out for her.

“Okay,” he says, trying to make his voice calm and reasonable. He strokes the arm she still
has wrapped around his torso. Calming. “But if I ever say something or do something that
doesn’t feel good, or that makes you have any doubts or anything, you gotta tell me. Right
away. Okay?”

Her voice is breathy. “Okay, Rocket.”

“Promise.”

“I promise.”

He closes his eyes, and he swallows. “Good girl.” He can feel her breath flutter over the fur
on his shoulder and her arms tighten around him, and he’s pretty sure he’s the luckiest little
goddamn monster in the galaxy.

“Can I ask you for something?” she says softly.

He swallows again. “Yeah, sweetheart.” He can feel her hesitating, shifting almost nervously.

Her lips brush against his ear again, and he flicks it again instinctively.

“Don’t try to run us off again?”

His stomach tightens in his gut. She sounds so frickin’ sad. He clears his throat. “I don’t—”
The words dig claws into his throat and hang on, not wanting to come out. I don’t mean to
isn’t necessarily true, anyway. How to explain that it’s an instinct that riddles his body like a
violent cancer whenever anyone gets too close? The urge to keep people at bay surges under
his skin, raising each little hair in its follicle. The urge to be mean. To protect himself from
them, and them from himself. He feels the defensive, angry panic even now, rising in him in
response to her quiet, tender little request. He crushes it down.

But Jo just waits — patient — for him to sort through his shit. Like always.

“What about you?” he asks at last, hoarsely. He can’t keep all the accusation out of his tone,
but he tries. He does try.

She’s quiet — waiting still.

“Maybe I’ll promise not to try an’ run you off if you promise to stop risking your life for
stupid shit.”

He can feel her shift — uneasy. “I try not to be stupid,” she says slowly. “I look for other
options. I don’t want to — to die. But when there’s nothing else—”

“There’s always another frickin’ option, Jo,” he says through his teeth.

She’s silent for a moment.

“Rocket,” she says quietly. “When your life is on the line — or Groot’s, or Gamora’s, or
Pete’s, or Drax’s—”

“And Yondu’s?” he intervenes. “And that chick with the antennae?”
“Mantis—”

“Mantis. Whatever. And who next? Kraglin? Gamora’s sister? That random fuckin’ dog we
saw on Knowhere? How many lives are you gonna put over your own, Jo?”

He can hear his words getting sharp, feel his lungs tightening up in his chest and his ribs start
to buckle and heave under her careful forearm. He tries to throttle them back. He doesn’t
want to lose her. He doesn’t wanna fuck this up. Not right now. Not while her skin is still
warm on his back and her hair is still tangled all around him like a net he’s willingly walked
into, and her thighs are still tucked safely under his.

“I have to try to keep my family safe,” she says softly. “I can’t—”

“I could say the same thing,” he snaps, even though he’s just told himself not to be an
asshole. “The safest thing for all of us is prob’ly for me to get as far away from you as I can
get.” He grits his teeth and tries to bite back the words, but they snarl out over his lips
anyway: fear overlaid with fury and meanness, and then undercut by despair, because he can
never frickin’ stop when he’s ahead.

“Prob’ly should never have let your annoying ass keep hangin’ around in the first place.”

He feels her flinch, and he knows his own eyes go glossy and wet in response — and yeah,
he’s glad he’s not looking at her, glad she can’t see how he’s breaking his own shriveled,
shitty little heart while he ruins this gorgeous, glowing thing she’s just handed him.

At least he’s not surprised. He’s known since he’d woken up on Conjunction to two glasses
of water, a bottle of pain meds, and a floor picked clean of any trace of gravel and glass —
he’s known he was destined to fuck this up.

But then there’s a soft pressure on his shoulder, and he feels the lightest puff of breath against
his whiskers on that side. She’s tucked her chin against him.

“That was mean,” she observes quietly.

Gently.

His throat is so dry it hurts, almost as bad as the hollow space behind his sternum. He opens
his mouth before he can think better of it — you ain’t used to it yet, sweetheart? — but what
comes out instead is a cracked, parched, desperate little word.

“M’sorry.”

Even he can hear how aching it sounds.

But her arm just tightens around him again — the tenderest little squeeze — and her thumb
brushes through the fur on his chest so delicately that he shudders and his eyes fall closed
over the tears still gathered on his lower lids. He can feel her dip her head and tuck her mouth
against his fur.
“I’m not—” He doesn’t know what he’s gonna say and that scares him because he might just
blurt out something fuckin’ vicious again, but he can’t stop the words tumbling up out of him
now, all their claws losing grip on his throat and ripping up out of his mouth like they’re
caught in a windstorm. “I’m not gonna be able to keep my head clear if I have to think about
you doin’ shit like this, Jo. I’m not—” He swallows. “I’m not gonna be okay if anything
happens to you, and thinking about it — worrying about it — it’s gonna fuck me up.”

She brushes her mouth back and forth on his shoulder, and her thumb stokes just underneath
his collarbone.

“I — okay,” she says against the fur behind his jaw. “I can understand — that. I feel that. But
you all — you’re out risking your lives to save the galaxy. And I — what? I might as well
just stay in the bunk and paint?”

The word is said with such bitterness that his heart stings and twists apart in his chest, wet
and shredded. He bets she wouldn’t’ve said it like that before Xandar, before the Guardians
nonsense. Before they’d all decided that doing what is essentially mercenary work for a good
cause was the way to go because they were all so damn skilled at wrecking things — might
as well make some money and help some people while they do it.

Except Jo. Jo’s no good at wrecking things at all. Sure, she could’ve killed Taserface in the
Berhert forests, or blown apart that shitbag on the Faraday. But she wasn’t meant for killing.
She’s always been a person who made things.

The thought that maybe they’d all accidentally poisoned that for her — that he might’ve
made her feel small or useless — makes him bite his tongue hard enough to bleed. Because
he can see her again, poised on the Gemma Lynn common room floor, her back against the
edge of the sofa-seat and columns of blue light all around her.

Something fuckin’ holy.

People deserve their memories.

“Jo.”

How the fuck do you say that? He’s not one for pretty words or — or for making anything
pretty at all, really. Never would have imagined he’d even get his hands on something like
her.

“We gotta—“ He stumbles. “When the saving’s done, people gotta have something to come
back to. Once we’re done fucking everything up, somebody’s gotta help ‘em pick up the
pieces.”

He can feel her: recoiling in a way she’s never done before, not even when he’s been his
cruelest. Shaking her head in denial. I just draw pictures, she’d told him once, like it was
nothing. Like she hadn’t shown him a painted version of himself and made him think, maybe
for the first time ever since his family had been shot down in their cages, that someone might
think there was more to him than ugliness and meanness.
The words spill out of him suddenly — urgently.

“You could never fight on another fuckin’ mission and I’d be happy, sweetheart. You could
just make good things for the universe an’ all the stupid, boring frickin’ morons in it an’ stay
safe, and I’d be so fuckin’ happy with you.”

“I can’t,” she says. She dips her head further — nose against his shoulder, mouth against his
scapula, lips against his scars. This fuckin’ girl. “I can’t — if you’re going to risk your life to
save the galaxy, I have to at least be able to risk my life to save yours, Rocket.” Her breath
trembles against him. “I can’t — I can’t just leave you to — I can’t just leave you. I can’t
walk away and leave you to get killed. Not if I can stop it, not if there’s a chance—”

He swallows. “I’m not Gemma, Jo.”

She goes still, and maybe he’s really fucked it up this time, purely by accident. He grits his
teeth. He says it anyway, and he tries to make his voice real quiet and slow like she does. And
he doesn’t let go of her wrist: sweeping his thumb over it as lightly as he can, trying to give
her some scrap of gentleness when he knows he’s not good at it.

“We’re not Gemma. You don’t gotta be looking out for us all, all the time.”

He waits for her to push him away. He waits for her to roll off the bunk, to snatch her pretty
body out of his grasp. He lays there with a concrete slab in his chest growing heavier and
heavier with every half-a-breath, and he waits.

And then he feels something alien and strange against his shoulder — a narrow, delicate
pressure. It’s so tender and dainty and thin that it takes him three aching heartbeats to place it.

“Are you fuckin’ biting me?” he asks incredulously.

She pulls away. “No.”

He twists in her arms to stare over his shoulder at her. “You were fuckin’ biting me.”

He can only really see part of her face, but it looks like her eyes are all big and sad and wet,
at odds with the tremulous, teasing smile in the corner of her mouth. “Was not.”

“Why the hell—”

She shrugs. “I didn’t feel like a kiss was enough, just then.” Her arm is still looped over him,
and she presses herself against his back. And suddenly he’s reminded of how naked she is,
her breasts pressed against his scars and bolts, her face buried against the side of his neck, her
warm legs behind and beneath his — still.

“I’ll try,” she tells him quietly. “I’ll try not to be stupid. I’ll try to be safe.”

“Try harder,” he growls. “Try harder than you have been.”

She nods against his fur. “I’ll try harder than I have been,” she echoes, her voice a promise.
He hesitates, then turns his face forward again. He feels her lips move against him: a soft,
half-frightened little plea, like she expects him to tell her no. “Will you try not to run me off
again?”

He stares at the wall and licks his lips. His stupid eyes are so wet, and his mouth is still so
dry.

“No trying about it,” he says at last. He wrings his voice out to make it sound as wry and
nonchalant as possible, but instead it just falls onto the mattress in front of him, hoarse and
desperate. “M’not gonna let you get rid of me at this point.”

It’s always surprising that she can get even softer. But he can feel it in her body: everything
going even more pliant and gentle against him. She shifts again and presses her mouth to the
side of his neck, the ridge of his shoulder.

He clears his throat again. “I got one more thing to say,” he managed to rasp out. “F’that’s
okay.”

“Love,” she says, almost reproachfully. “Always.”

An impulse he can’t identify rides high in his mouth and he swallows it down.

“Last night. When I was trying to get my frickin’ clothes off. You looked… “ He trails off.
The expression on her face when he’d backed off to get his jumpsuit out of the way — like
she’d thought he’d really leave her like that, leave her at all — and not in a playful, gonna-
make-sure-your-orgasm-wrecks-you-later way. No, she’d thought he was really walking out.
Maybe in some sort of fucked-up power-move, some kind of cruel retaliation for slights
unknown. Maybe even just because he was a known coward with a history of trying to leave
her behind.

She’s so damn tender with him that he forgets, sometimes, that she’s received precious little
tenderness of her own for most her life. It’s not surprising that she might expect — what?
That even after everything she’d given him — yes, I’m yours, please — and even though he’d
never had the right to ask for any of it, she’d really believed that he was gonna abandon her
right then.

He doesn’t want that thought to ever take up space in her head again.

“You looked like you thought I was gonna leave you,” he finishes at last. “Really frickin’
leave you.”

She doesn’t say anything for a long moment, and his muscles get tight all over again. He
doesn’t know what to say next.

“I got worried,” she admits after a moment. The hand she has draped over him draws
soothing, smoothing patterns over his chest, delicately tracing the metal framework buried
beneath his fur. Like she’s trying to comfort him.

This frickin’ girl.
“It was stupid,” she murmurs against him. “I just know that you don’t feel exactly the same
about me as I do about you — which is fine; I get it — but I wasn’t thinking coherently —
like, at all—” A self-conscious little laugh. “—and I got afraid you were really, really mad at
me. Or — worse. That maybe —” She pauses and he can hear her swallow. She’s so much
braver than he is. “—I don’t know, I thought maybe you still hated me for a second. It was
stupid.”

The little confession makes his stomach suddenly clench up heavy and tight, and that spot
behind his sternum feels empty again: hollowed out, aching.

I know you don’t feel the same about me. I get it. Loved you since before you even went into
the Kyln.

Fuck.

And what is he supposed to say to that? I’d frickin’ worship you if you let me? or I’d’ve
ended up loving you even if you’d never let me touch you at all?

Or You might’ve got there first, but trust me, sweetheart, I got there so much worse.

He clears his throat. “It was stupid,” he agrees at least, startling a breathy, achy little laugh
from her. “But I guess that’s my fault for being such an asshole to you before.”

“No, that’s not what I—“

“Jo,” he interrupts mildly, “shut the fuck up for a second.”

She goes still and then he feels like a jackass ‘cause he doesn’t even know what he wants to
tell her. Well, what he’s capable of telling her. Not yet, anyway.

“I don’t hate you,” he says at last, his voice scraping up out of his throat. And how’s that for a
response to her sweet, drowsy little love confession the night before, the one he’s gonna carry
around with him everywhere he frickin’ goes?

I don’t hate you. What a goddamn prince.

“I don’t hate you,” he repeats. “Honestly — can’t imagine hating you again if I tried. And I’d
never — I’d never be mad at you like that,” he adds. His mouth hurts. His vocal chords hurt.
“You gotta know. I know I’m mean but I wouldn’t be mean like that. I wouldn’t – use this
against you. Not – I don’t hate you, and I wouldn’t do that.” He swallows again. “I need you
to know.”

Her arm tightens and he hadn’t realized he could get even closer, but she tucks him in so snug
against her breasts that he just frickin’ knows she’s trying to press all her love into him.

“I do know,” she tries to reassure him. “I was just being an idiot. I’m so sorry, baby.”

That’s a new pet name. He’s fought so hard against the whole fucking universe to be taken
seriously so maybe it should bother him — being called baby — but he turns it over in his
head and decides he might like that name best of all.
God, she’s so frickin’ sweet.

“You’re not an idiot,” he tells her.

She huffs a laugh into the fur of his neck. “I think that might be the first time those words
have ever left your mouth in that order,” she teases, and he snorts.

“Guess you’re special then,” he lets himself snark back, and he’s immediately rewarded with
a soft sigh against his shoulder. It makes him promise himself — again — to say more nice
things to her.

He lets her cuddle up against him in the quiet, arms still wound around him, bare thighs
tucked under him so that his own feet rest against her knees. He turns their conversation over
in his head, marvels at how it had never — at any point really — turned into something really
ugly. If anything, his lungs feel softer. His heart is beating easier. Jo hadn’t pulled away even
once, and she’s around him still: warm and soft and smelling like honey and tea. His tail is
looped around himself; he shifts, letting it sweep over the outside of her thigh from knee to
hip and back again.

Later — when the soft brush of it shivers against the hollow behind her knee — her thighs
twitch against him, and he’s fucking lost in her all over again, rolling in her arms to take
handfuls of her softness into his palms.

He’s so fuckin’ greedy. He’s always known he would be, if given half the chance. And now
that he’s got her, he’s not interested in anything but burying himself in her, in pulling those
soft little pleas from her again, as many times as she’ll let him.

“Can’t believe you frickin’ bit me,” he complains again while he’s opening her thighs later.
She’s slick all over. “Fuck, princess. You’re all soft and sloppy everywhere.” She flushes with
her whole body, rosy and glowing, and he bites back a groan. If he let himself, his eyes would
be crossed in his head right now. He wedges himself between her knees, shoulders holding
her open. “You can’t help it, can you? How fuckin’ wet you get for me. Poor girl. Trying so
hard to be good.”

“I am,” she’s offering up urgently, pleadingly. Her hips arch instinctively as he presses the
side of his mouth into her thigh. “I am trying to be—”

“Yeah? Can’t help what a needy little slut you are for me, huh? So greedy you frickin’ bit
me.”

Her eyes are big and shiny but he’s got his own gaze locked on her glossy little clit, tiny as a
pearl and twice as pretty.

“I didn’t hurt you, did I?” she asks, and it’s frickin’ laughable that her voice is all worried.
He snickers.

“Just thinking I should return the favor, princess. Been wanting to bite you for a long time.”
He bares his teeth and scrapes his canines against the inside of her thigh in a mock-bite,
grinning when he feels her jump. “Sweetheart,” he croons. “Just saw your little pussy flutter
and drip. Told you — she likes it when I’m mean, huh?”

He bites again — catches a little pinch of skin and fat on Jolie’s inner thigh. He’s planning to
just hold it carefully in his mouth, let his tongue tease the captive flesh — but he has to open
his teeth quickly ‘cause she jumps with a little cry, hips hitching. It’s last night’s reaction to
his claws on her tits all over again and it makes him groan low in his chest.

“Gonna have so much fun with you,” he purrs. “Sensitive little slut.You smell frickin’
delicious. You said you wanna be a good girl for me, right? Let me eat your pretty cunt as
long as I want? Bite you, if I want?”

Her heartbeat thrums a little faster, a little harder, and he can hear it throbbing between her
thighs: a warm, eager little pulsepoint he can’t wait to suck on.

“Yeah — please, Rocket,” she says, half a whisper and half a whine.

He curls his tongue around her, up into her satiny little channel, reveling in the way her hands
fly to the crown of his head and her fingers curl in his fur. He can feel her thighs jolt and
squeeze on his cheeks, all pillowy and soft. The taste of her is frickin’ intoxicating, and he
laps at her folds, groaning, then locks his hands down against her hips and pins his elbows
into the doughy dimples above her knees. She’s got an exciting little habit of jumping and
jolting and wriggling, and he just knows it’s gonna make forcing her to hold still twice as
important and three times more fun. He uses all his enhanced strength to lock her down and
figures if he can handle the recoil on the Hadron Enforcer, he should be able to handle his
girl’s soft thighs once he gets his tongue deep between them. Still, he warns her.

“Stay still for me, sweetheart,” he mutters against her, licking his lips. “Gonna nibble on this
tiny little clit of yours.”

She whimpers and he can feel her trying to lock her muscles down underneath him. He laps
at the tiny bud one more time, then presses his nose into the soft little mound above it and
pins the bundle of nerves delicately between his teeth. He’s ready for the surge that ripples
through her this time, and makes sure his teeth are open enough to just brush daintily —
threateningly — against her. Then he flicks his tongue between his teeth to tease her with
that, too. Jo gasps and jolts and whines. Her fingers flutter to his ears and then flinch away,
like she’s still aware enough to be scared of hurting him.

Can’t have that. He wants her riding his mouth.

“C’mon, sweetheart,” he mutters against her slick entrance, nuzzling against her clit with his
nose. Fuck, she smells so good. “Give me that slutty little pussy coming on my tongue.
Aren’t you my good girl? My sweet little slut?”

He licks her clit again with a fluttering circle of his tongue and another taunting brush of
teeth, then turns his head just a little to bite another mouthful of her inner thigh, keeping her
anchored down tight when she tries to buckle upward beneath him. He grips his teeth just
hard enough into her skin that he knows he’s leaving little red indents — nothing permanent,
but a mark nonetheless. A hungry satisfaction wells in his abdomen and lungs when he sees
them, and he plunges his tongue back into her mercilessly, licking everything he can reach,
trying to collect up as much of her flavor as possible. His ears prick forward to catch the
sound of her keening above him. It only makes him tongue-fuck her harder, more ruthlessly,
until he can feel everything in her — her thighs under his forearms, her pussy around his
tongue — poised on the edge and trembling.

Abruptly, he pulls back, taunting her with a brush of his tongue over her clit again, then
feigning another sudden, mocking bite against her pussy.

“Well, sugardrop?” he jeers softly, fanning his breath over her drenched cunt. “Aren’t you?”

She knots her fingers into the velvet pile behind his ears and tugs, some sort of wordless plea
wobbling out of her mouth. He thinks he can pick out something like yes, Rocket, m’your
slut, please, wanna be good, but to be honest, it’s almost nonsensical and she’s pulling nice
and hard on his fur. He grins at the sharp tug of it and pulls her clit back into his mouth, nice
and careful, and uses his tongue to create enough suction to draw hard on the little pearl. Her
hips jolt against his grip and he feels her pulse, thighs straining against his grip. Even when
he’s not inside her, she feels so good when she’s coming — her soft body arching into him,
begging for him even when she can’t speak. Her tight little pussy gushes against his mouth
and Jo wails and he swears he’s never heard a prettier sound. His dick is so hard that it aches
and his fur will be wet from the chin down and he doesn’t give a fuck — this might be the
best he’s felt in his entire life, if he’s being truthful.

“Knew it,” Rocket mutters against her as soon as she starts to come down, every bowstring-
taut muscle softening against him and underneath him. She’s practically boneless, just syrup
and honey in his hands and mouth. “Knew you’d frickin’ melt for me, sugardrop.”

He doesn’t wait for her to recover from him licking and nibbling and sucking her first orgasm
from her — he’s already diving back in for the second while she whines at the
overstimulation. He’s gotta file these damn claws, first thing after he gets out of bed with her.
If he ever gets out of bed with her. He needs to get his fingers up inside her the next time he
has her on his mouth like this, but he doesn’t trust himself not to hurt her when his nails are
this sharp. For now, he uses the flat pads of his fingertips to pet and stroke and rub wherever
he can.

“Gotta give you plenty to think about for the next few days,” he tells her, “till I can fill up this
pretty pussy again. Gotta make sure you know exactly what you’re missin’ when you stuff
your fingers into your perfect, sloppy little cunt in the showers.”

Half the time he doesn’t know what he’s saying. Both last night and now today, there have
been points where he thinks he basically blacks-out, or loses himself in the dream of her
thighs and breasts and that sweet, soaked fucking cunt of hers, shining and slippery and
overflowing. It’s like some gorgeous inversion of whatever happens in his brain when he’s
angry: yes, he’s still just spilling out the vilest, filthiest words that shiver into existence on his
tongue — but there’s no bitter aftertaste in his mouth, no evil prickle of dread at the edge of
his senses, no feeling like he’s some kind of rabid, biting little beast in a shock collar. Instead,
there’s only softness and silk, and warm, wet welcomes, and the scent of Jo’s lotion and tea.
He makes her come on his careful fingers this time, and he still doesn’t give her time to
recover before he’s reaching for her pretty clit again.

“Rocket — wait, can’t—“ Jo gasps, half-sobbing, and he freezes immediately: his fingers still
pressed against her, his palm still crushed flat on her cunt like she’s a handful of luxe wet
velvet, rippling under his fingers. The sound of her uncertainty, however brief, yanks against
all his instincts in a way he didn’t know was possible. He’s fuckin’ voracious for her, but it’s
a distant second to her safety.

“Can’t, like you don’t think you can, princess? Or can’t-don’t-want-to?”

Her big eyes are glossy, hazy. She’s shivering and flushed. “I don’t…think I can?” Her voice
is faint and thin. He waits a beat, then tilts his head to rest his cheek on her thigh. She
shudders at the brush of his fur on her skin and he commits that little fact to memory. He
wonders how long her can tease her with the feeling of his whiskers on her thighs, keep her
begging for his mouth till she cries.

For now, though, he lets a conspiratorial grin curve his mouth as he looks up at her.

“Do you want to?” He drops his voice and lets himself sound smug, because he is smug, and
because he’s already figured out how she reacts to that tone, little fuckin’ sugardrop that she
is. “‘Cause if you want, princess, we can just play. No pressure. And if it happens—“

She twitches against his palm and he strangles back a groan, right as she says, “Okay,” her
tone nervous and sultry and eager, all at once.

He flexes his fingers against her immediately, startling a high-pitched whine from her, and
says, “That’s my good girl.” Her hips hitch against him, and he’s trying not to let his eyes
fully roll back in his head when her legs tense and clench against him. He curls a finger and
carefully notches a smooth knuckle right inside her entrance, shallow and teasing. He can feel
her little tremors against his knuckle and his words grow feverish. “Maybe this time I’ll get
you on top, make you bounce up an’ down on my dick like the greedy slut you are.”

How does she get even tighter? He swears she’s cinching up on him now, even as shallow as
his knuckle is nestled in her pussy. She whines, and he snickers.

“Gonna see just how frantic you get when you gotta do all the frickin’ work yourself.”

He doesn’t wait for her to react: just pulls his hand from her and shifts his body up between
her legs. Then he’s wrapping one arm around the small of her back and scooping his other
arm against her shoulder, rolling and pulling her with him.

Mean moment aside, it’s his first mistake of the morning.

“Wait, wait—” she gasps, and he freezes. She sounds terrified and his joints suddenly lock.
Did he hurt her? Did he—

She’s got all her weight on her knees and shins, hovering over him, eyes panicked and chest
flushed.
“What?” he asks urgently, and she shakes her head.

“I’m too — I don’t want to hurt you—”

He stares at her — and then fucking cackles. Of course that’s what she’s worried about.

“Sweetheart, no,” he tells her. “Fuck. No. My whole — the whole frickin’ pelvis is vibranium
alloy.” He’s grinning, all teeth, and he tugs her hips down with enough force that her knees
give and he can grind up against her dripping pussy. It honestly takes all his effort not to let
his eyes roll back in his head and just fuck into her right then. “Perfect for riding, honestly
—”

Apparently that’s the wrong move too, because her face crumples into that look that says she
wants to cry — and then furrows into the expression that means she wants to kill someone.
Like if he let her go, she’d probably fly straight to CounterEarth and try to murder the High
Evolutionary herself. It’s the same look she’d worn on Berhert, deep in the cover of shadows
and trees.

Fuck me.



Forget the High Evolutionary. She’s gonna end up killing Rocket instead. He’s sure of it. Or
maybe he’s dead already, and this whole thing is just a gorgeous frickin’ fever dream, the
final firing neurons of a brain going dark. Her eyes shimmer between the two extremes: the
vengeful goddess whom he’d wanted to worship in the dark nighttime forests, and this soft
little sugardrop who just wants so badly for him to be happy. He skates his hands over the
tops of her thighs: firm, soothing.

“It’s okay if you don't want to try it this way, sweetheart. I’d love to watch your pretty tits
from this angle. Been thinking about it a long time. If you don’t want to, though, you just say
so. Plenty of other ways for me to fuck you and love it just as much.” He tilts his head and
gives her a grin and an exaggerated wink. “Could get you bent double with your ass in the air,
to start with.”

It startles a laugh from her, and then she bites her lip. “You’ll tell me if I hurt you?”

“I promise, princess.” He taps the back of her thigh and she rises onto her knees instinctively
— fuck, she’s fuckin’ perfect — and he guides his dick toward her dripping entrance. She
bites her lip when the head of it smooths between her folds, and then sinks slowly down on
him. He wants to watch her body swallow him up but he can’t keep his gaze from her face:
watching her eyelids flutter as she lowers herself, watching her head tip back and her teeth
release her lip so her mouth can fall open. He thinks again of Berhert: of seeing her there
behind the veil of leaves, firearm in hand, eyes shining and still and deadly. He’d imagined
following her into the shadows of trees, finding an altar for her to perch on the edge of, legs
wide and cunt at the perfect height for him to show his devotion.

“You’re so fuckin’ good,” he breathes out, eyes staring up at her as she seats herself on him
like a fuckin’ queen. Her hair streams over her shoulders and breasts. “All mine. Tell me.”
“I’m yours,” she says immediately, voice low and thready and frayed with exhaustion and
neediness. She leans over him, hands clenched in the pillows near his shoulders, breasts just a
breath from his mouth. He doesn’t know if what he’s feeling is reverence, or a compulsion to
just ruin her for anyone else, to make sure he can keep her on his ship and in his bunk and on
his lap for as long as possible. Maybe both. He sinks his fingers into the curve of her ass,
ushering her into a little rocking motion, crushing her clit against his fur and bouncing her
just a little on his cock. A shaky whine spills over her lips and her body takes over the
motion, curving her back so her hips can sink into an arch that keeps her clit rubbing against
him while she rides up and down. The little mew of neediness has his dick twitching inside
her and he groans.

Ruin it is, he thinks. For today, at least. For right now. Maybe eventually he can get her like
this again— naked still, but crowned and collared with something sparkly — and riding his
dick at her leisure, nice and slow.

But for now, he still wants to see how desperate he can get her.

“You look so pretty, sweetheart.” He lets every smug impulse curl into his voice: slightly
mocking, and extremely self-satisfied. He can feel her tighten in response. “Fucking yourself
on my dick like such a good little slut.”

He offers her a sharp, casual flick against her clit and he can feel her cunt cinch up around
him in response — poor thing.

She whimpers and her pace quickens, breasts bouncing as she goes. He slides his hands
between them so he can feel her stretched tight around him, and he skates tickling fingers
over the slippery folds, lets them flutter teasingly over her clit till she speeds up even more:
desperate, bobbing up and down so fuckin’ prettily, her cunt pulling at him till he has to fight
not to let his eyes roll back in his frickin’ skull. She’s panting. Her tits are bouncing faster
and harder — her nipples would brush against his mouth if he just leaned forward an inch, so
he does: teasing her with his teeth again. Little lurching bites, sharp nips that make her twist
and jolt on his dick, the occasional pull of his tongue. Her eyes are welling up again, and her
lips are glossy and swollen. She’s so fuckin’ gorgeous and she wants him so bad it almost
breaks his shitty little heart.

“Such a perfect little pussy,” he mutters reverently, feeling all that wet silk suck at him, the
sound of sopping-wet fur and soaked skin slapping together as their shared pace grows
erratic, nearly frantic. Her hands are all outstretched, running over his body wherever she can
reach. It’s still such a new sensation for him that it almost makes him come right then — each
little strand of fur she touches and tugs sends a little buzz of electricity over his skin,
shivering outward from every follicle. He traps her wrists — one in each hand — and presses
them down into the sheets beside her thighs.

Still lust-addled and eyes glazed, she frowns. Her pretty brow creases and she looks so
fuckin’ sad for a minute that he almost stutters to a halt. “You don’t like—“

“Like it too much right now, princess,” he tells her, voice rasping. “Later. I promise. F’you
need something to do with your hands right now, play with your pretty tits for me.”
She doesn’t think twice and he fucking loves that: hands just rising, fingers plucking and
pinching her pearled nipples. Her gasps come quicker and he feels his own tongue pressed
against his teeth, watching her tug the flushed tips of her breasts. His hands find his way back
to her ass: gripping, massaging, squeezing, kneading. Occasionally he smacks it — just to
feel the jostle of her cheek in his hand — and everytime she lets out a hiccuppy little gasp
and tries to ride him a little faster. Then she tilts her hips again, bouncing and grinding till
little half-whispered cries start tumbling past her lips with each thrust, and he doesn’t even
know which curses he’s muttering anymore. His fingers squeeze into her skin and he pulls
her up, then slams her back down, his own hips driving upward at the same time.

A squeak escapes her lips, and when he does it again he’s rewarded with an eager whimper
and another shuddery, rushed “please, Rocket - “

The sound has his claws sinking into her before he can think better of it and he hisses,
horrified — but that has her cunt clenching on him, strangling him as she leans back, arching
and crying out as she comes for the third time that morning. Her head is thrown back: neck
bare, breasts shivering as she begs him to come inside her. Her pussy squeezes around his
cock, trying to pull his frickin’ soul from his body.

He lets her. He doesn’t usually make a lot of noise, other than the vile shit he’s always saying
— but this time, a growling half-roar tears itself from between his teeth as he bends one knee
to leverage himself harder into her, driving into her pussy. His hips slam up against her, toes
and fingers flexing, lifting them both an inch or two off the mattress. He has just enough last-
minute sense to pull his nails from her skin as he yanks her down onto him, fists gripping her
ass and hips. Heat detonates through him — flaring white in front of his eyes, muscles and
nerves splintered by pale, hot-gold shrapnel. For a moment, he thinks he’s got flash
blindness. His vision swims, silvery and sparking.

It takes — minutes, maybe, to recover. Certainly longer than it ever has before. When he can
register the world around him, he’s greeted by the soft brush of her breasts on his face,
nipples teasing gently against him. He wants to mouth at them, trap them between soft lips
and squeeze on them just a little, but everything is hazy and moving is difficult. Jo’s slumped
over and against him, propped up on her elbow. She smells like honey and her whole body is
overheated and satiny and soft.

He’d happily drown here. He stays there, still and quiet, till his heartbeat mellows and he
realizes she’s still hovering over him. Then he winds an arm around her neck and tucks her
down onto him, cushioning her face against the softest parts of his fur as she lets herself be
pulled against his body.

They rest for a long time.

The two of them aren’t usually late risers, but today is the exception. And why the hell not?
It’s not like anyone is gonna have any question about what they’ve been doing for the last
two-thirds of a rotation. Jo’s been loud as hell — a trait Rocket hadn’t expected, but not one
he’d trade for anything.

There isn’t much of anything he’d trade about her, to be honest. He lets himself be lured into
a shared shower pod — as if it would take much to convince him — and if he wasn’t so
intent on making sure Jo got some actual food, he might’ve trapped her there. He hadn’t
anticipated his water-showers being used with a partner, but as soon as she strips down and
steps under the spray, skin all rosy and glowing, he’s already making plans.

His intuitive grasp on how things work — the instinctive understanding of little shapes and
how they fit together — has always been about the physical experience of rolling them over
his palms, exploring them with his fingers. He can figure anything out once he has it in his
hands, his tactile senses igniting and relaying information to his brain in sparking,
scintillating little comets. Ever since he can remember, that instinct has been refined by
water, almost becoming another sense in and of itself. If he can use his palms and fingers to
explore a thing while it’s submerged, while liquid is cascading over it, he can commit every
inch of it to memory. Bombs and incendiaries and guns rarely do well when opened up
underwater, so it’s not a talent he’s able to fully employ with his everyday skillset — but
Rocket’s already promising himself that he’s going to get Jo back in here with him soon. He
wants to wash her hair, palm her breasts, tease her nipples. He wants to explore every curve
and fold and the softness between her legs when they’re surrounded by water.

He wants to trace the shape of her face so it’s beyond just committed to memory. He wants it
to become a part of him — carried wherever he goes. He wants to know her so well that he
could sculpt her out of plastic explosives with his eyes closed.

He wants to know her so well that even if she leaves him someday after all, he can still keep
the ghost of her in his palms.

He leans against the wall of the pod once his fur is clean, arms crossed over his scar-shattered
chest, and watches Jo rinse the soap out of her hair. The bubbles cling to the shimmering
sheets of it, then glide down her belly and thighs. For a long moment, he just drinks her in.

She’s so frickin’ pretty.

“Still so many ways I wanna see you, sweetheart,” he tells her at last, once she’s nearly
finished.

Jo glances over her gleaming shoulder, and something in his expression must give away what
he’s thinking because she chuckles. “I think it may take a minute. I’m not even sure how I’m
standing upright at this point.”

“Gonna soundproof our bunk.”

She laughs fully: head tilted back, wet heavy hair streaming over her breasts and hips, and he
grins up at her. Fuck. He feels… so good. He ticks his to-do list off on his clawed fingers.
“File nails. Ventilate your frickin’ studio so I don’t find you passed out from some kinda
chemical situation. Start whatever Quill wants done on the Quadrant. Soundproof the bunk
as soon as we can.”

She’s laughing, grinning, shaking her head at him, and he can’t believe that he hasn’t spent
their entire time together either making her laugh or making her come.

What a fuckin’ waste.
Once they get out and dry off, he makes her stand still as he carefully bandages each puncture
and tear he’d left on her hips at the end there, grimacing as he goes. Antibacc cream and little
patches of gauze and tape, speckling her hips like she’s a little white-dappled animal in the
woods. She tries to protest, to tell him it’s not a big deal, but he just scowls at her and
brandishes a clawed finger.

“F’you’re not gonna let me make sure you’re okay, I’m not gonna fuck you,” he says, and he
means it.

She falls silent and he smirks.

“S’good to know you’re already so damn needy for me that you’ll do whatever I want if I just
threaten not to give you my cock,” he adds then, smug as hell, turning his attention back to
her hips. He’s pretty sure he can feel the warmth of her blush from all the way down here.

By the time they leave the Gemma Lynn and get up the hatch and through the Third Quadrant
to the canteen, breakfast has already been long since finished and cleaned up.

“I set aside some leftovers in the chilled storage,” Gamora says drily while Groot greets them
excitedly. Then, without missing a beat, “I’m planning to move to a different bunk. On the
Milano, at least till we get some new quarters in the Quadrant.”

Jo goes so red she’s frickin’ incandescent again, and Rocket snickers.

“It’s because you’re noisy when you are engaging in coitus,” Drax explains helpfully. “Or at
least, Jolie is. I only heard Rocket once, this morning.”

“Oh my god,” Jo mumbles. She’s blushing and now Kraglin’s blushing and Rocket still feels
so frickin’ good he can’t stand it. He knows his smirk is completely wide and toothy, and he
shakes his head, briefly attempting to hide his shit-eating grin with a brush of his forearm
before giving up.

Gamora raises one eyebrow at Jo as Drax opens his mouth to say something else. “I’m not
saving you from this,” she says to the Terran girl lightly, “as I am extremely overtired today.”
A little smile curves the corner of her mouth. “But once I’m safely relocated, I’ll be happy to
watch Groot on occasion.”

“I am Groot?”

“You’re all going to traumatize the Sprout,” Jo protests half-heartedly. Gamora snorts
immediately, as if to say, not if your loud-ass screaming traumatizes him first.

“What’re we talking about?” Quill asks, entering the canteen and pouring himself a cup of
cold coffee without missing a beat. Somehow, as late as they are this morning, Star-Lord is
still later. The Terran man takes an enormous, sludgy gulp of his drink.

“Rocket is an excellent lover,” Drax supplies placidly. “This is my assumption, based on how
loud Jolie was last night.”
  Quill nearly sprays his coffee across the room before spitting it all back into his mug.
  “What?”

  Rocket snickers again.

  “Jesuschristplease,” Jolie’s praying, cheeks flushed crimson and eyes closed.

  “She repeatedly cried,” Drax reports. “But it sounded like they were tears of pleasure.”

  “They were,” Mantis pipes up from the bar. “I was exploring the corridors last night and I
  could feel her satisfaction from many yards away.”

  Jo sinks into a chair and buries her head in her arms on the rickety, lopsided table, and Mantis
  looks alarmed.

  “I did not stay,” the empath rushes to explain, apologetic. “I left as soon as I realized. But the
  romantic and sexual bliss was being broadcast for quite some distance.”

  Rocket can’t help it.

  He cackles.



Chapter End Notes



    warnings: sex with an anthropomorphic space raccoon. dirty talk. praise. cunnilingus.
    overstim. little bit of begging. (unintentional) minor injury from claws. little bit of
    biting. use of "slut" and "whore" (affectionate). light dom/sub vibes. aftercare. litttttle bit
    of angst. i think that's it?

    my boy (˶ •́◡•̀ ˶) he's made so much progress and i am so proud of him. hey uh it's
    gonna be a hot minute for the next installment (tentative date 12/29) as i'm trying to get
    out some holiday/winter oneshots and travel to visit my own dear sisters. i'm still
    struggling with the last few chapters as well but we'll get there, i promise. just don't
    know what i'm gonna do with my life after ╮ (. ❛ ᴗ ❛.) ╭

    anyway i love you all very much. stay warm and toasty, little cherubs. in the coming
    chapters you can expect some domesticity, some character/relationship development, a
    lot of sweet moments, some wrapping up of loose threads, and one more major event.
    some of you may not uhhhhh be happy where we end things but it is a happy ending and
    to be fair i did warn you all a long time ago

    Coming Soon: Chapter XXIII. We’re Gonna Need a Bigger Table. in which the
    galaxy continues to spin.

    ♡ random shit, chapter/fic-previews, anticipated posting schedules, headcanons and
    minifics, & more
♡ jolie arts & the window across the galaxy masterlist
♡ a lil "holiday special" for jo and rocket
                  Chapter 23: We're Gonna Need A Bigger Table.
Chapter Summary



      in which the galaxy just keeps spinning.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Jolie might have been worried about the next night. Rocket has a habit of withdrawing, after
   all. Especially when he’s just been…

   Well. Vulnerable.

   Withdrawing is usually a best case scenario, in fact. Last time he’d gotten half that close to
   her — bet you taste sweet everywhere — he’d followed it up by nearly nuking everything
   within his reach, including whatever…whatever they’d had. Have, now. So it shouldn’t be
   surprising that Jolie’s still anxious.

   Combine that with her own personal archive of insecurities, and she’s honestly surprised
   she’s not in the throes of a panic attack.

   But something else must have changed since Ego, or since the Eclector — something besides
   just the time she’d spent laying naked with Rocket for hours, showering with him, talking
   with him. She doesn’t know what it is, but throughout the day, Jolie catches him watching her
   from the corner of his eye. He looks at turns confused, or calculating, or incredulous.
   Bewildered.

   Wonderstruck.

   Hungry.

   Smug.

   At any rate, none of the expressions he’s been levying in her direction have been even
   remotely negative. The only time he’s come close is later in the afternoon when he realizes
   she’s been nervously peeling the skin from around her cuticles, bloodying them. His brow
   furrows and he shoots her a quizzical look, then scowls till she stops. Later, while he’s
   arguing something vehemently with Pete, he must notice her doing it again because he
   reaches over — not even looking — and hooks his fingers around the inside of her wrist,
   pulling her hands away from each other. When he drops them, they inevitably drift back
   toward each other, and he fires a stinging swat to the back of her hand, so sharply that she
   squeaks.
By the time the sleep shift rolls around again, she’s still nervous about crawling back into bed
with him, but the feeling has faded a little. She can’t say nothing’s changed, but he doesn’t
seem — resistant. He doesn’t seem reluctant. Instead, when she tucks Groot in and turns to
face the bed, Rocket’s perched on the edge of it: leaning back on his hands, twitching his tail,
and watching her through hooded eyes.

“You gettin’ into bed with me, sweetheart?”

It’s almost a purr. She swallows and nods.

He leans back, and pulls his feet in, and holds the blankets open for her the same way she’d
done the first night they’d slept together, after Knowhere. And when she climbs in beside
him, he doesn’t waste any time getting her where he wants her: pulling her shoulderblades
against his chest, tucking his chin over her shoulder, taking a handful of her sleep shirt and
tugging it upward so he can loop his tail over the naked skin of her waist.

“That’s my sweet girl,” he mutters into her hair, and she can hear the grin in his teeth. She
shivers, and he chuckles. “So good for me.”

He pulls a handful of her loose hair from over her shoulder, sweeping it between them so he
can get his teeth right next to her neck, and leans into her. His whiskers tickle, and she knows
his sharp teeth are meant to be just enough of a threat to send a curl of nervous heat into her
abdomen.

It works.

“You’re always honest with me, aren’t you, doll?” he hums against her throat.

Jolie feels her brow crease. She twists to try to see him over her shoulder in the dark. “Yes,”
she says immediately, earnestly.

He chuckles again. “I know, princess.” He skates his claws lightly over her sternum, staying
above her collar and not dipping below it. There’s a kid in here, after all, he’d said just two
rotations earlier. Still, his voice turns low and musing. Thoughtful. “Since before the Kyln,
huh?”

She feels her brow furrow further. “What?”

He crowds in closer to her, flattening his warm, narrow, callused hand just under her
collarbone and pressing her back against him, tucking her into his collarbone like the small
metal scraps he’d told her he’d used to steal from the High Evolutionary — like she belongs
there. Like she’s home. He nuzzles his nose under her jaw and Jolie feels her eyes dampen
with her own moment of wonderment, of awe.

“Nothing, sweetheart,” he murmurs. “Go to sleep.”

She brings her hand up and lays it over his, pressing his palm against her heart like she’d give
it to him if she could. He huffs a breath against her skin and she almost thinks he knows.

Still, he waits till she’s nearly dreaming before he asks her.
“Say I can keep you again, sugardrop.”

“Mmm?” she hums drowsily.

His voice is a low croon rumbling against her spine and into her ribs, curling like smoke all
the way around her and into her breastbone.

“Tell me you’re mine and I can keep you.”

“M’yours, Rocket,” she promises. The edges of her words are blurred by sleep and something
softer. “Keep me forever.”

She thinks he pets her hair, tangling his free claw in it till she falls asleep.

They move from mission to mission, from planet to planet like this. Rocket’s mockery
doesn’t change but he’s openly appraising her at every turn, and every night he’s making sure
she doesn’t fall asleep without his mouth against her throat, her belly, her thighs. Like he
thinks that if she spends even a rotation without his lips or his teeth against her skin, she
might forget who she belongs to.

As if she possibly could.

She’s afraid to say anything about it. She doesn’t want to draw his attention to it, to let him
know she’s noticed. In the past, that’s been a surefire way to make him stop, and Jolie’s not
sure she could bear it if he stopped.

During the waking shift, she learns the particulars of flying the finicky Third Quadrant from
Kraglin, or she works. She focuses all her attention on finishing the repairs and restorations
on the volumes of books she’d been carrying since before Sovereign, and she silently vows
never to bring such a large collection on board again – not while she and the Guardians are
gallivanting around, trying to save the galaxy. It had been the height of hubris to think that
she wasn’t risking them.

Jolie wonders if maybe she should stop taking anything on board at all. The thought makes
her heart leaden in her chest. If she only takes on-site jobs, they’ll have to be shorter to
account for the Guardians’ roaming lifestyle, and the need to pick up and go when a distress
transmission comes through.

And despite Rocket’s urgent words that first morning, Jolie knows she only has so much she
can bring to the table, after all. Being the Guardians’ only stable source of income has been
one of the few ways she’s felt like she can contribute. Not that they’re not doing just fine on
their own these days.

But to not be able to do even that anymore — for the safety of the art itself — makes her
heart crumple into a discouraged little ball of paper.

It’s part of why she’s down in the Gemma Lynn’s cockpit, using her old screens and filters to
search for gigs near their current location off Aladna. Jolie is turning the questions in her
head — which jobs can she take? which ones should she? — when Rocket walks in. He’s
been as busy as she’d been during these last few rotations, working his engineering and
mechanical magic on their collection of ships.

Now, he’s rubbing the back of his neck in the way he only does when he’s uncomfortable.

“What’s wrong?” she asks immediately, tapping the screens so that they fade into nothing and
she can give him her full attention.

Rocket feels himself hesitate, the urge to back away tugging at his ankles. Not ‘cause of her
— he’s not sure he’ll ever have that impulse again, not even if he wants to.

Loved you before you even went into the Kyln.

He still finds himself turning it over in his head multiple times a day. He’s not sure how it’s
possible, but he’ll take it. He’ll take it and run.

No. The only thing making him reluctant is the worry that he’s about to snatch something
precious from her.

“Hey,” she says softly, and then folds herself softly into her old pilot’s seat. “Come sit with
me.” She gives him a teasing, lopsided grin. “Like the old days.”

Her jibe makes him snort and roll his eyes, and she can see some of his tension roll out. He
strolls past her, trailing a claw casually down her thigh as he passes. She’s shivering at the
feel of it by the time he leaps nimbly into his seat next to her, and Rocket feels a knowing
smirk hitch the corner of his mouth.

Even in his filthiest fantasies, he hadn’t imagined her to be so fuckin’ needy, and it’s
goddamn gratifying.

Still, the moment he’s sitting and looking back at her, his throat dries up and his words
stumble. He coughs, trying to drag up his voice.

Jolie waits, quiet in the dimness.

“I was gonna bring something up to Quill and the others,” Rocket says after a moment, his
eyes anywhere but hers. “But I wanted to talk to you first.”

She tries to make everything about her soft, because she can tell he’s nervous. “Okay,” she
agrees readily. “I’m listening.”

He winces. “I think we should look into….retiring the Milano and the Gemma Lynn.”

She blinks.

He starts talking fast, the way he does when he’s saying something he thinks could hurt her.
“The damage they took in the asteroid field and even from the elements on Berhert before we
could get ‘em patched up — it took a toll. They’re functional, but….they’ll never be optimal
again. I think we should look into building a replacement.” He swallows. “I could maybe use
parts of ‘em in the new ship, so you don’t have to give her up completely.”
Sometimes she just wants to wrap him up in her arms and bury her face in his neck and hold
onto him forever, the way he’s been doing to her most nights in their bed. So far, she hasn’t
tried to hug him like that outside of the privacy of their bunk — not since the Eclector, when
he’d returned after breaking Taserface’s hand. She suspects Rocket will think it’s one thing
for their family to know that they’re fucking, but another thing for her to just… hold him, out
where anyone can see. Still, her fingers ache to reach and curl for him now.

Instead, she settles for another lopsided smile. “You’re sweet.”

He snorts derisively. “You’re one to talk.”

“If you think it’s time to give up the Gemma Lynn, then we give up the Gemma Lynn. Easy.”

He tilts his head and his carnelian eyes narrow. “She’s your first ship. You got memories on
her.”

“Some of my favorites,” she agrees, raising an eyebrow in what she hopes is a sultry, come-
hither look. She suspects she’s not managing to look as sly and sexy as Rocket, though,
because he just seems amused by her antics. Charmed, if she’s being generous.

He rolls his eyes, but she can see the little smirk in the corner of his mouth.

She sighs, and shrugs. “I don’t know, Rocket. I’m used to…” she cups her hands, lets her
fingers make a loose net like she’s watching the universe slip between them. “Easy come,
easy go, I mean. It’s just a ship.”

Easy come, easy go. He wonders if that’s how she’s felt about everything since Gemma got
taken. He suspects it is, and he hates it. At least, he promises himself, he won’t be easy to
lose. One constant she can count on in her life, whether she wants it or not, at this point.

He’s never gonna frickin’ leave.

He hitches one shoulder uncertainly. “Still. She’s named after your sister.”

Jolie chews her lip. “That’s true,” she says quietly, “but Gemma was never here. When it
comes to her, this ship is only a reminder that I failed her.”

He winces, and she turns her seat a little further so she’s facing him directly and leans her
elbows into her knees. Her hands reach across the chasm between them, palms up over the
space where his cage had once sat. He drops his eyes to her fingers, her wrists.

“I’ll be more sad about losing the memories of us,” she tells him softly.

His eyes flash up to hers and he looks around again and she can see him tagging the same
moments in time that she has: this is where he’d found her crying. This is where he’d sat and
watched the stars, and where he’d seen the painting she’d made of him, staring out at that
golden jump-point. Where he’d fallen asleep and woke with her sweatshirt tucked under his
head, where he’d said Floor’s name for the first time in almost as long as he can remember.
And just beyond the bridge, there’s the kitchenette where she’d swiped a forkful of egg out
from under his nose and shared meals with him on her single plate. Past that: the common
room where he’d brought her moonfish, and where he’d cleaned the injuries she’d gotten on
Knowhere. Where he’d watched her almost bleed out from her leg, and slapped the medpack
on before she could die.

There could’ve been better memories, he thinks now, just a little morose. If he hadn’t been
such a shitbag, he bets he could’ve fucked her on that coffee table or couch — prob’ly right
in this damn cockpit. If only, if only he hadn’t been such a dickhead before they picked up
their new family members.

His ears flick downward, but he licks his lips and hazards an uncertain smirk. “Lucky for
you, doll, we can make plenty more memories on the Quadrant.”

She smiles then, and he reaches out – hold her hand when she offers it to ya, Yondu had said,
and Rocket’s trying to get it right. He skates his clawed fingers from the soft skin of her
wrist, over her palm, then hooks his digits between her fingers and tugs, pulling her hand up
toward his mouth so he can stroke his tongue lingeringly into her palm, then against her
pulse. He hears her heartbeat and her breath both stutter. Rocket can feel the grin curl the
corner of his mouth in spite of himself, letting the smirk press against the silken skin of her
inner forearm. He tries to rein himself in.

“You’re sure?” he asks. “You’re sure it won’t…make you miss her more?”

Jolie blinks and tries to drag her brain back from the place where his grin curves against her
wrist. She flexes her fingers and turns her hand into a cradle for his face, stroking delicately.
His sharp smile and piercing eyes soften. The corner of her own mouth shifts upward
tenderly.

“Rocket,” she says softly. “I think you’re the most perfect, wonderful person I know.”

She feels him go abruptly still, his grip tightening on her wrist, but she only waits: fingertips
still nestled against his cheek, eyes quiet and patient. His gaze searches hers and she stays
open for him, lets him read the truth on her face.

He huffs and leans back out of her reach – but he doesn’t let go when her palm lowers to cup
his knee. Instead, he leaves his fingers laying against the back of her wrist. “Bad judge of
character,” he notes mildly, and she chuckles and squeezes his knee gently.

“Thank you,” she says tenderly. “For asking. For checking in with me and taking care of me.”

His ears flicker and the tip of his tail twitches, and his eyes shift away in that expression that
she’s pretty sure means he’s blushing underneath his fur.

“And yes, I’m sure.” She leans back, stoking her fingers over his kneecap as she pulls away.
She shrugs. “You know I carry those memories in my pocket.”

There’s a long pause, growing more full by the minute. Expectant.

The black glass, he thinks. He tilts his head. “What is that thing, anyway?” The words are
cautious, careful. He thinks of his own keyplate, resting even now against his thigh.
She leans to one side and slides the glossy rectangle with its chipped corner out of her pocket.
“It’s a smartphone,” she says quietly. “When I was on Terra, I had photos of her. Gemma.
Uhm, like holosnaps,” she explains. “I was always worried about something happening to
them, so I like – took photos of the photos, if that makes sense.” She taps the glass.
“Holosnaps of holosnaps, in here.” She grins and at first it’s real – self-deprecating, but real –
until it fades into something a little haunted. “But nobody knows how to charge a smartphone
in space.”

He has no idea what a smartphone is. Useless tech and memories, she’d said before.

But he’s usually good with tech, with things that need a charge.

She turns forward again and flutters her hand like she’s painting on the windshield – like she
had been the night he’d found her here: gold and shadow, meticulously shifting one
constellation of freckles on Gemma’s cheek, then moving it back.

“I keep trying to remember how she looked, but…” She bites her lips, bruisingly hard. “I’m
losing her.” A chuckle. “All over again.”

She must’ve been doubting her memory that night, he realizes. Knowing her, the simple act
of shifting those freckles must’ve broken her heart all over again. And what had he said to
her the next night, when he’d gone for her throat, just like he always does?

An entitled, spoiled little brat. Kept me up all night, sniveling and whining.

His ears had already been shifted back – now they flatten against his skull. His stomach
revolts, and he can taste the sourness that usually comes with a hangover, right before puking.
He shoves it down hard, because now is not the time. He owes her this, he thinks bitterly. He
owes her whatever he can give her. He turns his eyes resolutely up to hers, just in time to see
her brow crease.

“What’s with that look?” she asks, her voice wreathed with concern.

His nose twitches as he grimaces. “Not all the memories on this ship are good ones.”

She twists her mouth to one side and studies him, and he looks away.

“Speaking for myself,” she says softly, “I don’t regret a single moment we’ve shared.”

He feels his ears ease up, swiveling toward her cautiously. “Yeah, well,” he manages to drag
out. “You always been kinda sentimentalistic.” He clears his throat. “S’why I wanted to
check.”

He wants to keep looking away, all nonchalance, but his eyes keep coming back to the
crookedness of her smile.

“As long as I’ve got you, I’m good,” she teases lightly, and he huffs a breath, then rolls his
eyes and slides out of the chair.
“Careful, princess,” he tosses over his shoulder with a leer. “I’m gonna give you more of me
than you can handle.”

He can hear her heartbeat flutter as he goes, and allows himself another private, gloating grin
as he leaves in search of Pete.

Star-Lord has more angst about abandoning the Milano than Jo seemed to have about the
Gemma Lynn, and even though it’s harder to have patience for Pete than it is for Jo, Rocket
gets it. The M-ship was his first, and in some way, it feels more like a tie to Yondu than the
Third Quadrant does. Nevertheless, he agrees with Rocket’s suggestion, and within a cycle
they’re landing on Xandar so Rocket can hunt for spare parts of a more… refined quality than
he’d find on a junker planet. He hadn’t been kidding when he’d said he was gonna
soundproof his and Jo’s bunk, though getting rid of the Gemma Lynn means they’ll need to
shift into a new room, so he’ll focus his attention on that one. He hunts for parts with Drax
and Mantis while Pete drags Gamora to rub elbows with some of the Nova Corps higher-ups,
and Jo takes on a few quick assessments and a simple restoration project. Whatever Drax
can’t carry, Rocket has delivered to the Quadrant, where Kraglin lurks inside and tries to
avoid interacting with any of his fellow Xandarans.

Rocket’s back to poking through the flight controls on one of the discarded ships in Xandar’s
Capitol Spacecraft Transfer Station – a surprisingly well-organized landing field striped with
abandoned flight vehicles and parts – when he finds it: tucked under the wobbling copilot’s
chair like it was meant to hold it steady, even though the base should have been screwed into
the floor. It’s just a thin paperback-book and he doesn’t think much of it, but something about
the lettering catches his eye. His quick brain clicks through the catalogue of his mind and
there it is – yup – he’s pretty sure it’s a Terran dialect, the same lettering he’s seen on Jo’s
stupid sweatshirts and her old Terran paperback.

He leans into the bottom of the chair with one shoulder to lift it and slides the book out,
flipping it open. The words are formatted in clumps rather than the tightly-packed columns or
rows he’s used to, but he’s sure that’s Jo’s home-language. He himself picks up languages
pretty quickly — a dubious gift of the High Evolutionary and his own penchant for
remembering everything and figuring shit out, he supposes — but not all the words make
sense to him. The cover has a painting on it, and the painting reminds him of something Jo
would like: a cluster of some sort of blue antelopes or ungulates, etched with lines that
remind him of crescents and stars, framed by a velvety black. The edges are tattered, the
corners of pages folded down.

Blue Horses, the cover says, and he supposes a horse must be the animal in the painting.
Poems. He’s got no idea about that word, but he’s confident he can figure it out.

He hesitates. He doesn’t know what it is and he needs a little time to figure it out, probably. It
could be something awful.

But the painting looks like something Jo would like, and it won’t hurt anything to take it and
look at it later.

So he tucks the little book into the pocket on his thigh, next to his old CounterEarth key-
plate. He can decide what to do with it in the coming cycles, he thinks.
“Rocket?”

He grimaces, then turns. “Yeah, Mant?”

“Drax found something he thinks might be interesting.”

Rocket snorts. “Can’t wait to see this,” he says drily, but he follows her out of the abandoned
ship and back onto the landing field.

Surprisingly, what Drax has found is interesting — even if it’s been stripped of anything
useful: the hollowed-out and burnt-up skeleton of the Dark Aster.

Rocket whistles low.

“Not bad,” he tells Drax, toeing through some of the sooty remains. “Not much of anything
good in here, but it’s kinda cathartical to see, huh?”

“Very,” Drax agrees, and then meanders off when Mantis asks him to help her lift something.

Rocket wanders the wreckage, letting a little bitter glee burble up behind his ribs — just
because it feels good. The only thing he finds worth taking, though, is a console drawer full
of data disks. Most have been damaged — exposed to the elements, as it were — but Rocket
wonders if there might be something worth having on them. At the least, it’ll give him more
shit to tinker with. He pockets the disks, and then moves on to find his friends — stopping
only once, thoughtfully, before turning and spitting into the charred hull.

“Good fuckin’ riddance, you foul piece a’ shit,” he mutters, and slouches his hands into his
full pockets. “Drax! Mant! Where’d you go?”

Gotta get off this rock as soon as we can, Rocket tells Pete and Gamora later. Kraglin’s
getting frickin’ fidgety. Frankly, though, Rocket’s equally uncomfortable around all these rich
snobs and Nova Corps bastards. He might like Dey well enough on an individual basis, but it
doesn’t change the fact that places like Xandar hate people like Rocket, and that under even
slightly different circumstances, landing on this damn planet would have sent him right back
into the Kyln or worse.

Jo hadn’t said anything about it, but Rocket’s pretty sure he remembers her calling the Nova
Corps fascists before the Kyln, and she voices no desire to visit Dey or the Nova Prime. She
must be able to read his tension, though. Every night they’ve been planetside, she’s asked
him in her whispery little voice if she can touch him – as if he’s ever likely to say no again –
and she’s spent hours easing the tension out of the knots in his shoulders until he turns into
molten copper or Sovereign rum, sprawled on the bunk. Then she cuddles up next to him and
wraps her arms around him and tucks him against her flawless fuckin’ breasts again, and he
continues to sleep better than he ever would have without her.

He promises himself that the next time someone can take Groot for the night, he’s gonna
reward her with more orgasms than she can count, till she’s blissed out and babbling her cute
little gratitudes while he bounces her on his dick again.
It doesn’t take too long — though longer than Rocket might’ve wanted — to leave the planet.
As soon as they get starside, he spends the wake shifts focused on refining the Quadrant and
building the replacement for the Gemma Lynn/Milano. The Guardians all end up developing
something of a routine, and between renovating the Quadrant and building their new ship
and taking little missions here and there, someone else watches Groot every fourth or fifth
rotation.

Rocket keeps his promise to himself every time. He’s made it his mission to keep her coming
back, to keep her wanting him, to keep her loving him. To keep her. And so, for Jolie, those
nights become a library of filthy words, teasing touches, and bone-rattling orgasms.

Tell me who this perfect little cunt belongs to.

If you can’t keep still for me, I’ll need to make sure you do, sweetheart. Stole some
electrocuffs last time we were on Xandar. They must be around here somewhere.

What are you, princess? Wanna hear you say it. Tell me you’re my needy, pretty slut. Tell me
you’re my wet, greedy little whore.

You wanted to come so bad, sweetheart. You whined and cried for it. So I bet you can give me
just one more. Unless I decide I want another, and then you’ll gimme that too, won’t you?

Her body’s become conditioned to it, like clockwork. If Rocket wakes up before her on the
days when Groot will be away, he’s usually already watching her with hooded eyes, already
plotting and promising. If she wakes up first, she forces herself to consider a cold shower
before invariably choosing to torture herself by staying curled up around him. Her panties
will be damp within fifteen minutes, and she’ll be a bundle of skittish anticipation all day.

Not that Rocket’s teasing follows any kind of schedule - unless that schedule is all the time.
She’s quickly realized that it brings him a particularly annoying kind of glee to keep her on
edge for the intervening days, which he can accomplish all too easily with a specific kind of
muttered comment or a precise, unobtrusive scrape of his claws.

Firearms practice, for example, has become almost intolerable. There’s no disguising her
reactions anymore when he kicks her feet apart or slides a hand along her inner thigh –
deliberately lingering, and often riding too high to be even remotely accidental – to widen her
stance. If no-one’s around, he’ll take it as an excuse to skim a claw between her legs,
brushing them over the thin, seamed fabric covering her cunt.

Sometimes he leaps onto her back, one arm hooking loosely around her shoulder while his
feet find purchase on her hips, and leans his face into her neck. Before, he would have
checked her aim like this, maybe delicately adjusted her elbow a fraction of an inch — but
now he fucking manhandles her, angling and steering her entire body: hands rucking up
under the hem of her sweatshirt to tell her to tighten her core or lean foreward, skimming his
fingers into the curve where her thigh meets her ass to tell her to lower her center of gravity.
Gripping a handful of hair to redirect her gaze. By the time he’s satisfied — brushing the
back of his knuckles along the side of her breast and huffing a quiet, mocking that’s my good
girl into the vulnerable side of her throat, occasionally with the barest flicker of his tongue —
she’s been thoroughly tossed around, and she’s usually having a hard time breathing. Her
panties, invariably, are a mess — which she knows he knows.

Pete, on the other hand, has moved quickly past his embarrassment and into elation.

“So, I guess I don’t have to ask if you’re fucking your copilot anymore,” he says cheekily one
day while he’s sitting with Jo on the Third Quadrant’s flightdeck. Luckily, nobody else is
around, but Pete’s wearing a shit-eating grin that could almost rival Rocket’s.

“I’ll murder you in your sleep,” she tells him pleasantly, and he snickers.

“Only if Rocket ever lets you out of the damn bunk,” he shoots back with a wide smile, and
she has nothing to say to that because she can feel the crimson glow in her cheeks. “Don’t be
so embarrassed, sis. I’m glad you’re happy. Glad for both of you.”

“You bothering my pet Terran, Pete?” Rocket says at that point, climbing up through the
hatch with a bowl of rehydrated fruit. When Jolie reaches for a piece, he swats her fingers,
then rolls his eyes exasperatedly when she pouts. “Unbelievable,” he mutters, tilting the bowl
of fruit toward her anyway. “Stealing from my frickin’ plate since day one.”

“Not trying to bother her at all,” Pete says mildly, but his eyes sparkle with mischief.
“Honestly, I wouldn’t do anything to fuck this up, Rocket. You’ve been way more tolerable
since you started getting regularly laid.”

Jolie chokes on the snowberry she’s just popped in her mouth, and Rocket casually flicks an
entire chunk of Xandaran frostmelon that thwacks Pete squarely in the forehead, juice
spattering and streaming over their adopted brother’s face.

As the new bunks are built, Groot - who is rapidly approaching the size of a human toddler -
is given his own space. He plasters the walls with drawings, and Jolie starts working on a
full-sized quilt for his large bed – a folding shelf, since they don’t yet know how big he’ll get
or if he, like his Flora Colossus father, will prefer to curl up on the ground. Into the
patchwork, she stitches the little blanket she’d made for his honey-comb bunk – and scraps of
Pete’s old t-shirts, a bit of one of Rocket’s retired jumpsuits, and a couple of softer, worn
pieces from Gamora’s leather armor, which she had donated easily once she learned of their
purpose. Everyone makes contributions, and she picks up little textiles at almost every planet
they stop on. Planet by planet, the quilt continues to grow: squares of memories and love,
stitched together with her whole heart.

As for Groot himself, the first night he tries to sleep in his own bunk brings him right back to
Rocket and Jolie’s bedside in the middle of the night – which, luckily, Jolie had anticipated.
Rocket had already re-rigged his own hammock into something more accessible for the little
guy, and Groot sleeps there for the first cycle or two, before slowly growing used to his own
quarters.

As they all continue to transition into the Quadrant, Jolie notices that Gamora and Pete keep
separate bunks – but they just happen to be right next to each other. Gamora seems more at
peace every day, and Jolie can tell every time something good happens between them because
Pete can’t keep the grin off his face for at least the next rotation.
Jolie’s not one for birthdays — her parents hadn’t made a big deal of them even before she’d
left Gemma to be taken, and afterward, they’d more or less forgotten hers.

In good years.

But Pete — Pete still faithfully celebrates his birthday every Terran year. Used to put it on the
Yondu clan’s multicalendar and everything. When she’s been near the Eclector, Jolie’s made
it a point to celebrate with him, just because she knows it’s important to him. Usually she’d
ended up giving him some cute little comic she’d made based on some recent, ridiculous
story he’s told her: The Amazing Adventures of the Legendary Star-Lord. He’d always
fucking tickled by them, and keeps them tucked in his backpack like a makeshift tradeback,
between the Polaroids he still carries around and the last report card he’d brought home and
never showed his mother.

The first time Jolie saw that report card, she’d asked him about it, and he’d gotten all red-
faced and embarrassed and had stammered something about how he’d “always been kind of
stupid” when it came to “school stuff.” She’d looked up at him incredulously and said, This
was your report card from the year your mother died, Pete. You were eight years old and
scared and lonely and grieving. You’re not stupid. It’s just that most of the adults in your life
fucking failed you.

Jolie remembers this moment because thinking of it still makes her blood boil with rage. Of
course, Pete remembers it too, but for very different reasons.

This time, though, will be their first time celebrating as a family. Pete has them landing on
Contraxia for gambling and booze, and he gets wasted quickly, grinning and giggly and
leaning heavily on Gamora, who looks only amused by his antics.

“To me!” he bellows at one bar, ordering a round for the whole room. “It’s my birthday!”

“What’s a birthday?” someone on the floor shouts back.

“It means I’m a freakin’ survivor!” he yells back, with a grin and a wink in Jolie’s direction.
She smiles and raises her cocktail in a silent toast.

“And to the Guardians of the Galaxy!” he adds. “My best friends!”

Jolie feels a pressure on her upper arm and looks down to see Rocket’s shoulder pressed into
her. He’s watching Pete with a thoughtful, probing expression she can’t read.

“You okay?” she murmurs under the buzz of barroom conversation.

He blinks up at her — narrows his eyes and tilts his head. “Yeah,” he says only, and then
cracks a smirk and winks at her. Buzzed and happy, she chuckles and leans into him, too.

The next morning — a little queasy herself — she makes them all the most delicious
hangover breakfast she can imagine, and starts baking the Beluan seaberry cake with sweet
cream filling that Pete likes so much. She looks around at them all while the smell of the
seaberry compote fills the air: Drax and Mantis and Kraglin, slumped up against each other,
foggy-eyed and groaning. Gamora’s creased brow and silence are the only indicators that she
might be feeling the impacts of too much booze. Pete, arms on the table and head on his
arms.

And Rocket: a little hungover, but surprisingly alert. All his energy is currently focused on
annoying Pete — flicking his ear, asking inane questions, grinning and cackling whenever
Pete rewards him with an irritable groan.

Groot just munches on his pancakes.

They’re all pressed shoulder to shoulder, barely fitting around the little table in the kitchen-
canteen, even without her sitting among them. And all together — sullen and smirking and
aggravating each other — she thinks they’re the most beautiful thing she’s seen since she left
Gemma in the hazy gold of September. Her throat tightens and she drops her head, focusing
on the seaberry compote.

Two cycles later over dinner, Rocket brings up the limits of the little dining space.

“If you’re gonna keep insisting on us all eating together, we’re gonna need a bigger frickin’
table,” he grouses at her one night, and something about the words suddenly brings up that
same throat-strangling surge of emotion for Jolie. She looks around: Kraglin squished
shoulder-to-shoulder between Drax and Mantis; Gamora sharing a bench seat with Pete that’s
just a bit too small for two. Groot on Drax’s lap, Jolie in one of the remaining chairs and
Rocket himself perched on a barstool he’d dragged over.

Her whole fucking beautiful family.

Her heart flips in her chest and at first she thinks she’s going to laugh, but then her lip
wobbles and she has to bite it to not burst into tears.

The table bursts into a cacophony, with only Drax seemingly oblivious. Pete’s jumping up to
ask her what happened and Mantis is trying to ask how she can help; Gamora’s reaching out a
hand and Groot starts whimpering. Poor Kraglin is frantic, and Rocket — Rocket looks
frozen, terrified that he dropped something fragile onto the grated metal floor.

“I’m fine!” She protests, laughing and swiping at her eyes. Rocket — Rocket looks like he’s
going to be sick. She reaches out impulsively and laces her fingers through his, in spite of the
fact that they’re surrounded by everyone. She holds his dark-copper eyes. “I’m fine. I’m
sorry. I’m just happy.”

Later, in the still-new privacy of their bunk, he’s nervous for the first time in cycles —
perched on the edge of the bed, eyes shifting, claws digging into his knees.

“I’m fine,” she soothes again, and she lowers herself to the floor in front of him. Her hands
ease under his, cupping his knees with soft palms, and he relaxes his fingers. He might make
himself bleed, but not her — not like this, anyway. If he ever breaks skin, he promises they’re
both gonna have fun when he does it.
And of course she knows that. That’s why she makes her own body into little shields for his.
It’s Asgard all over again, every day, in a hundred smaller ways he’s only starting to notice.

“I’m fine,” she repeats. “I promise.” She pauses, and then adds quietly, “I was just looking
around at everyone and I thought about how fucking alone I was before you and I found each
other.” Each word curls around him, all warmth and softness, like the downy lining of a
bird’s nest.

He knows what alone looks like — knows that she plucked him off that ship and gave him
something he hadn’t deserved and had never believed he’d get.

Then she’d kept giving it to him, every day.

She rests her cheek against the back of his hand. “I was so alone. For so long. And now I
have a whole family.”

He tries to snort. “More like a whole pack a’ morons.”

She laughs softly, and drops a kiss on the inside of his thigh — then curls her fingers in the
cloth of his jumpsuit and tugs. “Please?” she begs prettily, and his eyes darken.

“You’re gonna hurt your knees on the floor like that,” he tells her, his voice dropping into a
low rasp.

She gives him that sunny smile that means she’s trying to win him over. “I don’t care.”



He rolls his eyes. “M’not gonna be able to think of anything else while you’re down there.”

Her smile only gets brighter. “Is that a challenge?”

He glowers. “Get up here.”

“But I want to give you—“

“Up. Here.”

She pouts. Pretty Jo, on her knees, fucking pouting for his dick in her mouth.

He fuckin’ loves her. He should tell her. He should figure out how to tell her.

“For fuck’s sake,” he mutters, and then leans back to grab an armful of pillows from the head
of the bunk and shove them in her face. “Put these under you.”

She looks so damn delighted that he again wonders how the fuck he ended up like this. With
this. With her. She’s tucking the pillows underneath her and he stands on the bunk to peel off
his jumpsuit, and as soon as he lowers himself, she’s got her sweet, wet, warm mouth open
and lapping at him and holy shit, holy shit.
She hollows her cheeks and strokes her tongue over him, swirls it around the top of him —
pushes forward until her nose is buried in the fur of his abdomen. He still smells like maple
leaves and bonfires and fur and ozone, and Jolie would be lying if she said that having him
like this wasn’t completely intoxicating. The copilot on the way back from Conjunction
would’ve shot her through the forehead before he’d let her have her mouth anywhere near
him, she’s certain. But here he is, leaning back on his palms, fists gripping the sheets and
damn-near shredding them off the thin mattress while she gets the pleasure of fucking him
with her mouth.

It helps that Rocket’s the perfect size for Jolie to take into her mouth with relative ease,
flexing her throat just a little to avoid gagging, lips soft and plush and slick against him. And
that she wants to so badly, wants to give him every last drop of pleasure she can, all the time.

And frankly, he tastes good: salt, and fastidiously clean skin. Warmth, and something a little
smoky. She feels herself practically purr, and then releases him to kitten-lick at the head of
his dick, looking up at him briefly with doe eyes before her lashes flutter closed and she
swallows him up again.

She takes her fucking time, hands cupping and stroking and massaging him while her lips
squeeze and pull, wetness dripping down his cock to pool in his fur. Rocket thinks he could
happily fuckin’ die right now — just from the sight of her, glossy hair pooling in his lap. Just
from the way his heart clenches at the thought of her, so sweet for him. She moans and hums
around him and he twists his clawed fingers in the blanket, teeth gritted, knees clamping on
her ribs and then easing so he doesn’t hurt her. He reaches out for her collar and she pulls off
of him with a startled pop of her mouth leaving his dick. The sound makes his eyes nearly
cross, but he tugs her sweatshirt collar down and lets his fingers dip lower, cursing when he
comes into contact with her stupid frickin’ bra. He grunts his frustration and she leans back,
pulling the thick, stretchy fabric down, till he can reach in and grip her nipple firmly.

She gasps — like she’d known he was gonna touch her but still wasn’t prepared for the feel
of his fingers clamped on the sensitive peak of her breast — and he tugs upward, pulling until
her tit is half-out of the sportsbra, squeezed against the hem.

“C’mon, sweetheart; you can come back,” he mutters. Her eager mouth descends on him
again while he teases and plucks at her exposed nipple till she’s twitching, more breathy little
moans and gasps rubbing against his cock.

When he does come — which doesn’t take long — thinks he might die after all. He’s pretty
sure the lights blink out, and the only real bones he has left are in danger of snapping with the
force of his locked muscles. When he can open his eyes again and shake the molten silver
and electricity out of his ears, she’s delicately blotting the corners of her mouth and licking
her fingers, sweatshirt still askew and breast still half-exposed.

“Get up here,” he growls, knotting his fingers gently in the hair at the base of her skull and
tugging her up and toward him.

She squeaks. “I don’t need — I just wanted —“
“Get the fuck up here,” he repeats, and it’s almost a threat. “You think you’re gonna do
something that nice for me and not get your pussy played with, sweetheart? How wet did you
get from suckin’ my cock, anyway?”

++++

Rocket has no context for birthdays. Pete had talked about his incessantly before it had
occurred, and Rocket tries to glean what he can. It’s a Terran tradition — something about
being born, about Terra’s revolutions around their sun. It’s customary to celebrate a person
when they’ve made it through another year, apparently.

A few days after, Rocket corners him on the flightdeck, where he’s piloting with Kraglin.

“So,” Rocket says casually. “Birthdays.” He hesitates, and the silence feels clumsy and
resistant.

“Oh,” Pete says after a moment, because this idiot-brother of Rocket’s is still surprisingly
insightful when he wants to be. “You want Earthgirl’s.”

Pete’s not stingy with the info. He tells Rocket when her birthday is, how to calculate it on
the multicalendar. He cautions Rocket: birthdays haven’t been good to Jo, apparently. Her
parents had not taken pains to make it a series of happy occasions, to say the least.

The Guardians had missed her last birthday in the immediate aftermath of the battle with
Ronan, what would’ve been almost a Terran year ago. Jo’s not one for going out drinking and
gambling, but they can maybe pull together something small and intimate and more her
speed. Normally people give gifts too, Pete tells Rocket — just in case he wants to give her
one.

In case, Rocket thinks, with an eyeroll.

He’s not sure what he’d give her, though. The blue horse book? He’s tried reading it and it
seems like nonsense to him. He knows what he wants to give her, most of all, but getting it
out of her hands long enough to safely work on it is a challenge in and of itself.

The black glass.

A smartphone, she’d called it. Full of something like holosnaps, images she hasn’t seen since
she’d first stowed away on that Chitauri ship. He doesn’t know how he’s going to fix it. He’s
watched, but it will be hard to slip it away from her — too hard, maybe. She’ll know if it’s
missing, right away, the same way he would know if his key-plate disappeared.

And he can’t risk breaking it. The likelihood that he would is low — he thinks — but he
doesn’t know, and what’s inside is too important to risk.

And selfishly, he can’t bear to mention that fixing it is a possibility, because he doesn’t think
he could survive her disappointment if he can’t make it work.

So he keeps thinking. Keeps looking.
It takes a few more cycles — a few more trips and missions to various planets — before he
realizes she’s not picking up jobs anymore. Not like she used to. She’ll take things while
they’re planetside, but nothing she can bring with her. Nothing to work on while they’re just
dicking around in space. She’s silently trying to tailor her life to the needs of a handful of
fucked-up former criminals and at least one known lowlife, and it’s not fuckin’ fair.

She shrugs when he asks her about it. “I can’t be sure it won’t, like, get blown up,” she says
casually, like it doesn’t matter. Like she doesn’t come alive when she’s working on reviving
something lovely and almost-lost. “It’s fine. I can still do stuff while we’re landed—“

“But not the stuff you like best,” he points out, irritated. “You’re just appraising rich people’s
shit. You hate that.”

She shrugs. “It kept us in moonfish and fuel when the money wasn’t great,” she says lightly,
and he rolls his eyes.

“Princess, we’re making enough now that you don’t gotta do that. Two-time galaxy-savers
now,” he reminds her. “You can just—“

“Rocket,” she interrupts, and her eyes are pained. “Let me at least have the illusion of
contributing something here, okay?”

Rocket’s mouth snaps shut and he stares at her, eyes going big and ears flattening. His tail
tucks against the inside of his right ankle. He fuckin’ hates that look on her face, that self-
effacing sound in her voice. He remembers again her quadblaster in the mouth of the man on
the Faraday — her gun trained on Taserface in the Berhert woods — her whispered words
that first morning after he’d fucked into her sweet, welcoming little cunt.

You’re out risking your lives to save the galaxy. And I might as well just stay in the bunk and
paint.

He lets the conversation end there — for now. But he thinks about it every day. Every day.
Even talks to Pete about it — tries to convince the owner of the Third Quadrant that she
should have her own studio on board.

Once I finish us a smaller ship we use for on-site stuff, we can just keep this frickin’ freighter
as a base of operations. And then she won’t have to worry as much about her shit getting
wrecked, he reasons with the Terran man. He can feel his brow crease. She ain’t takin’ jobs,
Pete. Not the ones that mean the most to her. She’s afraid we’re gonna, I dunno, crash the
frickin’ Quadrant and lose whatever she’s working on. Books, holovids, old relics. Worse,
things that matter to people. Memories.

He probably didn’t have to go that hard. Pete’s still an idiot but he’s a good-hearted one,
when all is said and done, and he wouldn’t have begrudged Jo a studio if he believed Rocket
could make her one. But… Pete had been right, as much as it pains Rocket to admit it — and
not that he’d ever say it out loud.

You don’t gotta do everything alone.
It can be good just to sit with someone who gets it.

It’s a good idea, Pete tells him. I don’t know how to change her mind in the meantime, but I
bet a studio won’t hurt — she can get set-up in it while you finish the new ship. She’ll freakin’
love that. Pete hesitates. It would be a freaking great birthday present. Especially if you made
it for her. I bet she’d make any excuse to use it, if it came from you.

Rocket hadn’t really ever considered the studio a gift. He’d meant her to have it since before
Berhert, before Sovereign — as soon as he’d realized she was breathing in fumes in the spare
bunk on the Gemma Lynn.

But he trusts Pete. As weird as that is. So yeah, he’ll give her the studio for her birthday or
whatever. He begins stealing a few hours from almost every rotation to build it. And in the
meantime, he takes a breath and thinks, and he remembers how he’d transmitted a message to
Yondu’s Ravager family for his funeral — and he decides to send another brisk, discreet
transmission to a little place on Conjunction.

Meanwhile — on the surface, where Jo can see — he’s just building bunks alongside the rest
of them, helping move both of their belongings piece-by-piece into their new bunk on the
Quadrant. He spends the whole last rotation breaking down what’s left of the Milano and the
Gemma Lynn, making sure to get anything useful out of them before they drop the battered
old ships off on a junker planet. Both Jo and Pete are quiet when they leave the skeletal
fragments of their ships behind, sacrificed for accounts full of units that will go toward
building a bigger, better ship.

Rocket’s surprised by his own reaction to departing from the junker planet. The Gemma Lynn
has been half-his since he got carried onto it in a cage, he supposes. He hadn’t had to steal it,
but it had been his nonetheless. In that way, he supposes it’s a first: the first gift he’s ever
been given, the first real home he’s ever had. The place he’d spent way too long falling in
love with Jo when, in retrospect, it seems like it should have been a foregone conclusion as
soon as he’d seen her gravitating toward him on the Eclector, like a star pulled to a
singularity.

He feels like he should’ve fallen in love with her the moment she’d looked at him in that cage
and whispered, all soft-eyed: Oh, love. What did they do to you?

He can track everything since then — signposts that should have cued him sooner. Every
time he thinks of how much earlier he could’ve been wrapped up in her arms — if only he
hadn’t been such a dick — it makes his heart clench in his chest.

Every time he thinks of how he could’ve lost her, too.

But tonight — tonight will be their first night in the new bunk — out of the little home he’s
shared with Jo for almost three quarters of a multicalendar circumrotation. He’s feeling a
cocktail of emotion that he hates trying to deal with, so he buries it. Distracts himself.

Plans.
Chapter End Notes



    warnings: brief oral sex scene with an anthropomorphic space raccoon. references to
    dirty talk, praise, bondage, use of "slut" and "whore" (affectionate), and light dom/sub
    vibes.

    setting us up for a big time-jump. my hope is that we continue to have a few small,
    lovely little things to help us wrap things together as we head into the end. really hope
    you enjoy these final chapters, my doves. right now i'm hoping to get two chapters out in
    january and the last two out in february. if you want previews or peeks into the posting
    schedule (including if it changes), you can find me on tumblr below. in the meantime,
    please just know i love you very much and am so grateful for you joining me on this
    journey!

    Coming Soon: Chapter XXIV. Space Would Be Better.
    in which Rocket ~ discreetly ~ claims the title of boyfriend.

    ♡ random shit, chapter/fic-previews, anticipated posting schedules, headcanons and
    minifics, &more
    ♡ jolie arts & the window across the galaxy masterlist
    ♡ a lil "holiday special" for jo and rocket
                             Chapter 24: Space Would Be Better.
Chapter Summary



      in which Rocket ~ discreetly ~ claims the title of boyfriend.



Chapter Notes



      we start off with some smut right out the gate so hang on folks. did i overdo it on the
      dirty talk? almost certainly. see end notes for more specific warnings.


See the end of the chapter for more notes



   When Rocket enters their new bunk, Jo’s sitting on the floor: leaning against the edge of the
   bed, working diligently on some kind of woven thing. It’s a tapestry of sorts, the threads and
   flosses all hand-laced together. She’s put most of her tools and equipment in a closet down
   the corridor, and she takes them out when she’s practicing a new skill or brushing up on old
   ones, working on these little low-cost, low-sentiment projects that are the only ones she’ll
   take on board, and only for a few days at a time. She pulls out her little tools and supplies,
   and sits on the floor in the common area or — now, apparently — in their new bunk. She
   works, and then she packs up all her small things, and she takes them back out and tucks
   them out of sight in the closet once more.

   The idea of it gets under his skin, to be honest.

   A closet.

   Jo’s been shrinking her life ever since she met him, and he should probably back up out of it
   before he makes things worse — but it’s too late for that now. He’s too greedy to do it, even
   though he knows he should.

   And besides — if he’s pretending to be altruistic — he’d promised to not run her off.

   So instead, he decides he’s gonna focus on making sure she puts her name on every goddamn
   surface she can, everywhere they go.

   Right now, she’s distracted: weaving and tugging gently at the little laces of the tapestry. It’s
   another inexpensive contract restoration — one she’s not too worried about, especially since
   she can get it done quickly and get it back to its owner while they float over Arco Prime,
   waiting for their next mission. It’s a trivial thing and, in addition to not being worth much
financially, he suspects it probably doesn’t have much emotional value to its owner, either. If
it did, Jo probably still wouldn’t have brought it on board. She’s too worried.

Parts of the original tapestry have been eaten, probably by an orloni infestation or maybe
some kind of moth, but even he can tell it’s supposed to be beautiful. She’s already cleaned it
carefully and now her fingers work slowly over new strands of silk and soft, carded wool.
And yet — for some reason — even for all its apparent worthlessness —

Jo still treats it like she loves it.

It puts Rocket’s heart right up against the roof of his mouth.

He knows Jo likes to watch him work: admires how quick and precise and deft his fingers
are. She’s told him more than once that she likes to see him in action even when she’s not
thinking the filthy fuckin’ thoughts he loves — like she’s just fascinated and thrilled by his
instincts, his genius. His creativity, as she calls it.

His hands reflect how he thinks, Jo tells him: quick and snapping and fitting things together
with a certainty that she doesn’t believe can be manufactured.

“I know you sometimes aren’t sure,” she’d whispered to him in the dark one night. “But I’m
confident you come by your brilliance naturally.”

I know you sometimes get lost in second-guessing what you are, but I know. I know you’re
good. And special. And whole. And you’re more than whatever he made you.

She’s so good at telling him the things he desperately needs to hear. And the best frickin’ part
is that she believes each one.

So yeah, Rocket knows Jo likes to watch him work. And he doesn’t think she’s noticed, but
the feeling is mutual. Her hands move differently than his. Right now, for instance: she’s
lingering over every fiber. Her touch on everything is light and gentle and slow, like she’s
afraid of hurting it, like it’s a little living thing she wants to get to know. To meet it on its own
terms. It doesn’t matter whether she’s illuminating a Shi’ar scroll or stitching another golden
shimmer into Groot’s quilt or shifting a constellation of freckles on her sister’s cheek. She’s
so careful. Like if it’s worth doing, then it must be worth loving. He wishes — not for the
first time — that he’d been around to watch her when she’d first painted that portrait of him,
while he was busy breaking Groot and these other idiots out of the Kyln.

He wonders if she looked at the image she was working on with her whole damn heart in her
eyes.

He bets she did.

Yeah, so much wasted frickin’ time.

He crosses his arms across his chest, and leans against the wall, and takes the whole scene in.
This bunk is more spacious than their last. Jo had urged him to keep a workbench in it for
himself. She’d told him she’d build him one if he’d wanted — something more convenient
for his size — but he’d waved her off with plans of doing it himself. In the meantime, she’d
been constructing more shelves, honeycombing the walls with them so he has more room to
store bombs and gun barrels and whatever nasty little bits he can get his paws on.

He wants her to put some of her own shit on the shelves too. He’s not sure what that would
be. The books she’s using to teach herself to read other languages, maybe — and maybe he’ll
add the blue horse book to it one day, too. Some of her art, maybe. He can picture her being
one of those people who collect too many plants: more little living things to take care of.
Those chunks of worthless crystal she’d had on her own desk, back before they were invaded
by their herd of morons.

He wants to come into this snug little room and see these shimmer-soft reminders of her
everywhere he looks.

Rocket suspects Jo has always seen herself as an interloper in his bunk — in spite of the fact
that the Gemma Lynn had been entirely hers before she’d gotten him off the Eclector, and
he’d never had a right to any of it. He wants her to know that she’s not an invader in his life.
That’s she’s the best fuckin’ thing about it. He’d tear it all down and rebuild it around her
completely, if she let him. The idea of some of her little clutter on half the shelves fills him
with a stupidly-warm feeling at the base of his sternum, where the gaping hole usually is.

Where it used to be.

Rocket feels his ears twitch and his tail flick, and he watches her, and he wants.

Jo herself is frickin’ dead to the world when she’s working, so he gets plenty of time to
observe — and to let all that wanting bloom up inside him, a thousand palm-sized blossoms
opening wide and all aglow. He studies the sweatshirt sliding halfway down her arm, the little
crease between her brows, the diligent moue of her lips. The hair, piled on top of her head,
messy locks escaping to loop around her ears and stream over her shoulders. The tender way
she flips the fibers of the tapestry over her fingers, slowly tucking and braiding, almost
caressing them while she coaxes them into whatever patterns they’re meant to be in.

He remembers again the way she’d strode toward him that first day on the Eclector, hair like
a silken veil of light, a draping fiber optic display. Eyes focused, and then stricken, and then
rueful and resigned.

Fuck me, my dude. I’ve always wanted a raccoon.

Like she could already see the writing on the wall.

I told myself I was going to find you a home, a safe place to live, she’d told him one night,
half-a-can into an Acanti blubber ale that her normally-sober little Terran body had not been
ready for. She’d chuckled with drunken, self-deprecating humor. But some part of me knew
even then that I wasn’t going to let you go. Not if I could help it.

He’d eyed her lazily, rolling the bottom rim of his own empty can against the table – the fifth
of the night, and he’d barely been buzzed. You did find me a home, he’d drawled, knowing
she wouldn’t remember. Probably hadn’t even understood what he was implying in the
moment, given how drunk she’d been already. You did find me a safe place, sugardrop.

Now, suddenly, some part of her brain registers that he’s there in the room with her, sharing
the air. She jumps, bumping against the edge of the bed with a startled squeak. Rocket grins.
He’s never going to get tired of that sound, as long as he’s the reason she’s making it.

“We gotta get you a new studio,” he tells her with a nod to her work. No indication he’s
already working on one, or that it’s almost done.

Jo grimaces. “Sorry.”

He blinks. “For?”

She half-shrugs. “Taking up space?”

He snorts and shakes his head. “Never be sorry for that, princess. Space would be better off if
you took up more of it.”

A little lopsided smile twitches the corner of her mouth. He wants to lick that spot. Instead,
he taps the sensor to close the door behind him, and just raises a brow suggestively.

“You know what I did while we were building the walls of this bunk?” he asks, leaning back
and rapping one knuckle on the sheet metal. She’s bolted soft fabric to all the walls of the
new bunks — an inventive choice he wouldn’t have thought of himself, but it makes
everything feel… more cozy, he supposes. And it dampens some of the noise echoing within
the little rooms.

“No,” she tells him now, a bemused little smile on her lips, “What did you do while we were
building the walls?”

He lets his second brow join the first one: raised, mocking. “Added soundproofing.”

She blinks, and then leans back to laugh, throat all long and exposed. He lets the tip of his
tongue rest against one of his canines, imagining denting her skin with them. Maybe leaving
a few starburst-bruises.

“Put your work away like a good girl,” he tells her, voice rumbling under his metal
collarbone, “so we can make the most of my frickin’ genius.”

Her laugh fades out while her blush burns in, bright and high in her cheeks. Then she’s
carefully folding up the little tapestry, tucking it onto an empty corner of his workbench with
a promise to move it in the morning, as if he’d care. As if he doesn’t want her making room
for herself in his life, making it her own.

Yeah, space would be better off if she took up more of it. He needs to make sure she knows.

He doesn’t move, though, still stationed by the door. When she perches on the edge of the
bed and waits, he just gazes at her, watching her slow transition from playful and excited to
self-conscious and aroused.
Fuck, she’s pretty. All the time, yeah, but there’s something so fucking provocative about the
way she looks when she’s turning all shy and slutty at the same time. It’s been a couple
handfuls of cycles — more? — since the first time they’d fucked, and he still can’t believe
this is his frickin’ life.

He shakes his head, chuckling aloud at himself, and slants a look up at her when she tilts her
head and chews her lip.

“I still make you nervous, sweetheart?”

“Sometimes,” she says immediately, softly. “In a good way.”

He hums. “Didn’t you make me a promise the first night I fucked you?”

She blinks, and her eyes flicker as she tries to remember. “To tell you if something doesn’t
feel good.” Her brow furrows. “But I promise, everything does feel good, Rocket—”

Fuck. Everything she says goes right into his chest, making his ribs twitch. And his dick.
“That too,” he agrees. “Anything else?”

She chews her lip again and stares at him helplessly. He grins and shrugs.

“To be fair, you probably woulda promised me anything at that point, since you were already
almost crying for me to play with your pretty cunt,” he concedes, watching her with hooded
eyes. She flushes, and her pupils dilate. “But you promised you’d let me watch you try to
fuck yourself.”

Her lips part and her eyes widen in surprise, and he can fucking tell she’s already getting all
wet - if she hadn’t been before. Sometimes he swears she gets damp when he enters the
frickin’ room, even before she sees him. Like her little pussy just knows he’s there and hurries
itself to get ready for him.

“Think maybe it’s time to collect,” he muses, tilting his head to one side consideringly.

“I—“

Her words break off raggedly and he’s pretty sure it’s just her being so fuckin’ needy, but he
checks in anyway. “You okay, princess?”

She nods, soundless, and he lets himself grin a little.

“Let’s see. Not sure when you first started daydreaming about me dicking you down, but we
started sleeping in the same bed after Knowhere. And we didn’t start fucking till — what — a
dozen cycles after that? Two dozen? So when exactly did you start imagining me fucking into
your sopping-wet pussy in the showers, princess?”

Her little pink tongue darts out to wet her lips and Rocket’s eyes track it like it’s prey.

“The next morning,” she admits, her voice all whispery and threads. Her cheeks are
incandescent with embarrassment, and it blooms down her throat and under the loose, ragged
collar of her sweatshirt.

Rocket feels his own eyes widen. Before you went into the Kyln, he reminds himself — but
he still has to brace himself, digging his claws into the fur and meat of his biceps because it’s
all so much earlier than he would’ve ever thought, and he’ll probably never stop regretting
his own fuckin’ failure of imagination when it comes to her.

“You were thinking about me the morning after Knowhere?” he repeats, just to be sure.

“Not — I was trying not to think of you,” Jo spills out, urgent. “I — I wanted to but it felt —
I knew you weren’t—” She huffs a frustrated breath. “It felt wrong, to think about you like
that without — without permission.”

He knows what she means, knows it’s the same way he’d felt, trying not to lick a stripe from
her knee to her clit all those mornings he’d woken up with his face against her thighs. But
still, her words make all the cinders inside him reignite, and start glowing. He can feel the
shit-eating smirk paint itself over his features.

It felt wrong without permission. Pretty fuckin’ girl.

“And you always ask for permission these days, don’t you, sweetheart?” he purrs. “Even
before touching yourself.”

He’s just needling her. He doubts it’s true and he wouldn’t care if it wasn’t — in fact, the idea
of her getting herself off in the shower because she can’t wait to get in bed with him is
painfully erotic. But her rosy flush is so bright now — going straight down to her warm,
budding nipples, he’s sure — that he can’t stop the smug look he knows is curling its way
over his face.

Sure enough, her flush grows brighter, and his grin grows sharper.

“If you were touching yourself in the shower, that must mean you were naked,” he hints
mildly, and quirks a brow at her expectantly. Somehow she blushes even brighter — it's really
just a perpetual increase in the pink in her cheeks at this point — but she’s already toeing out
of her soft-soled boots demurely, neatly tucking them under the bed with her instep, and then
peeling off her socks. He watches as she stands, biting her lip before she peels her sweatshirt
— you cannot escape my impending good will — up over her head. She wrestles herself out
of her stretchy black sports bra and someday, he swears, he’s gonna peel that bra down and
use it to trap her arms against her ribs while he fucks her.

“Slow down, sweetheart,” he murmurs, his gaze dark and languid from where he leans
against the doorframe.

She pauses immediately — such a good girl — with her eyes big and pensive and already
half-needy with the tension of undressing in front of him. Then, slowly, she turns her
attention to the waistband of her leggings. He loves it every time she rolls them down. Her
thighs are fuckin’ flawless: dimpled and soft, always just minutes at most from being slick
with her excitement, always ready to welcome him however he asks her. Whenever he sees
that first flash of skin under her pants, all he wants to do is sink his teeth into her, every
single frickin’ time.

She falters when she reaches her underwear, but he clicks his tongue against his teeth. “Hand
those to me, sweetheart. Want to see how good and wet you’ve already gotten for me.”

She flushes, drops them to her ankles, and steps out of them before handing them over. He
takes them without looking, his eyes locked on the crux of her thighs. She doesn’t move, and
eventually, he drags his gaze up to her face, where she’s biting her lip and waiting.

“Patient girl,” he murmurs, and gestures with his chin to the bed. “Got us a brand-new
mattress with those Guardians funds,” he tells her. “Nobody’s slept on this one yet. Nobody’s
fucked in it.”

Her eyes flicker to it, a little bit of a question on her face.

“Thought you should make it your own before I join you,” he reasons, and he’d be lying if he
said this isn’t all part of his plan to manipulate her into feeling more like this is their bunk —
not his.

Not that he’s not enjoying himself very much along the way, of course. She backs up to the
edge of the mattress and scoots herself onto it, lip bitten and eyes lowered self-consciously.

“Go ahead and spread those pretty thighs for me, princess.” He grins. “I know you don’t
make yourself come with them clamped closed like that.” A measured pause, and then he
drawls, “It would make it awful hard to stuff your fingers into that eager, slutty little cunt of
yours.”

A little sound mews out of her, throaty and unintentional: another one of his favorites of the
sounds she makes, right up there with her surprised squeak. Jo leans against the wall, knees
bent, and lets her legs fall open a little.

He practically purrs. She’s already glistening. He clenches the panties he’s still got in his
hand, and feels how damp they are. “Such a good little thing,” he tells her. “Do you play with
your tits, too?”

“Sometimes,” she says, and her voice is thready. She’s watching him watch her — watching
him stare at her flushed pussy. “Mostly, I—“

“Show me,” he interrupts quietly — almost gently, if he thought he was good at being gentle.
She swallows, and cups her breasts, and feathers her thumbs over the tips. They’re already
budding, but she teases the stuff little peaks harder, delicately flicking and plucking — then
squeezing tight, clamping on them, in what he likes to think of as one of his own signature
moves.

He chuckles.

She doesn’t moan yet, but he can see the neediness on her face, growing more and more
intense as her eyes flutter closed and her back arches her into her own hands.
“Look at me, sweetheart,” he urges mildly. “I want you to know I’m right here — close
enough I could come over and touch you — but I’m not gonna. Not till you get yourself
squirming all over that bed.”

Her eyes open again, dark and soft on him, pupils blown wide as summer peonies. She holds
his gaze and places her fingertips on her knees, and then skates them down along the insides
of her thighs — slow, dragging. She’s got smooth, pretty little oval nails, and he notices she
uses them — nowhere near as sharp as his own claws, even when he files them, but it’s a
clear approximation of his touch nonetheless.

He’d thought he was fully erect before, but that little revelation makes him light-headed. He
feels himself throbbing as the blood rushes to his groin, and he sucks in a ragged breath
through his teeth.

He watches with his own eyes hooded as she circles her vulva, fingers brushing teasingly
over the soft skin surrounding her pussy, stroking everywhere before she zeroes in. Her
fingers dip shallowly into her slit and she whimpers before dragging them up to her clit,
circling again. The tip of one finger — the blunt, softly-rounded edge of one nail — skims
carefully over it, and she hisses softly, then bites her lip savagely as she tries to hold in a
moan.

It doesn’t work, and he grins, shifting his stance to try to ease some of the pressure of his
jumpsuit.

“No point in holding back those slutty noises of yours,” he reminds her sardonically, arms
still folded and eyes sly. “You gonna tell me I did all this work on the walls for nothing?”

The color in her cheeks goes brighter and she hazards a look up at him, and he runs his
tongue over his pointed teeth.

“Do it again, princess,” he urges mildly, and when the tip of her nail delicately grazes her clit
again, she stutters out a gasp. “Is that what it feels like? When I touch you?”

She’s already shaking her head: negative. “You feel better,” she tells him, her voice just a
little ragged. He grins.

“I must,” he says confidently, leaning back against the wall again. “You can’t usually get
through a whole sentence when I’ve got my fingers on that wet, pretty clit of yours.”

She gasps out a laugh at his arrogance, fingers flickering, and dips shallowly into her pussy
— teasing herself. “I can’t get through a thought when it’s you,” she confesses breathily.

“Get to work then, sweetheart,” he taunts. “We gotta get you dripping all over your new
sheets. See if you can make your needy little body feel as good as I can.”

She hiccups on a breath, eyes latching onto his. He can feel his smirk in the corner of his
mouth as it grows wider and sharper.
“Bet you had all these cute tricks that worked for you before I started fucking you. Bet
they’re not quite as frickin’ satisfying now.”

The wide-eyed look on her face tells him that he’s right and for fuck’s sake, if she’s not the
most gratifying thing he’s ever frickin’ seen.

“You could come help me?” she trembles out, a little question in her voice.

He tsks. He wants to — not that he’s not enjoying the show, because he is. Watching her toy
with her clit, her fingers slipping shallowly inside herself. But he’s made a promise to himself
and to her — even if she doesn’t know it yet.

And this is the first part.

He clucks his tongue again. “Princess is spoiled,” he jeers. “C’mon. If you want to make
yourself come, then fuck your desperate little cunt.”

Her eyes are so big and dark and luminous, and her color’s so high. He can’t tell if it’s from
embarrassment or excitement. Probably both. But then she’s sliding one finger deeply into
her channel and gasping on the feel of it, back arching against the wall behind her. His eyes
lock onto the sight.

She’s fuckin’ glorious.

“Good girl,” he mutters, staring as she drags her finger back out. It glistens. She’s slow and
steady, fucking herself deeply while her other hand keeps playing with her clit. “That’s my
good girl. Spread your legs nice and wide, so I can see. Wider.”

She does, and his throat closes up. “Fuck, you’re pretty,” he tells her, and his voice comes out
half-strangled. “Frickin’ gorgeous little whore. I can hear all those cute wet sucking sounds
all the way over here, like your cunt’s just begging to swallow down my dick already. If I
hadn’t soundproofed these walls, I bet all our friends would hear it. Again.” He shakes his
head mockingly. “I guess it doesn’t matter though, does it, princess? By now they all know
how what a greedy slut you are for me.”

She whimpers, and the back of her head presses into the wall behind her. “R-Rocket—“

“You’re even more wet than usual though, sweetheart. You must like having your little cunt
all exposed–” he draws out the word lazily “–even more than I realized.” He tilts his head
consideringly. “Which is fair. It’s the prettiest pussy I’ve ever frickin’ seen, that’s for sure.
You like showing yourself off, princess? Tell me.”

“I do,” she manages to choke out. “I do - “

“Do what? Say it.”

“I like showing you my cunt,” she spills out, breathlessly and immediately. “I like showing
you w-what…” her words stagger, then resume “I like showing you what you do to me. What
th-thinking of you does to me—“
Fuck. He shakes his head, and huffs out a half-laugh. Every day — sometimes more than
once — he has to pinch himself to make sure he’s not dreaming. Her hands shifts again,
desperate, so now her palm is pressed against her clit as she rides her fingers. It obstructs the
view a little, but he’s not going to complain about anything as long as it feels good to her.

Instead, he purrs, “Of course you do, sugardrop. You’re my very own sweet little slut.”

He can hear her heart trip at his words: already galloping, but now it thunders, and her
breathing stutters. Yeah, he’s ruined. The sex workers and bots on Contraxia aren’t ever
gonna do it for him again. There’s no-one else he’s gonna ever want like this.

He’s never gonna get over her.

“I think,” he says, nice and low and slow, “that you like riding your cute little fingers in front
of me ‘cause you know how much I like seeing it. I think you know I could watch you all
night. Every night.”

Her eyes flash to his at that, her lower lip dropping in protest. “Rocket — please — “

“Why don’t you add some more fingers, sweetheart. Stuff yourself up real good.”

She does so unquestioningly, eyes growing wide but not leaving his as a stifled moan tumbles
over her bitten lips. “Rocket, please. I want—“

“You want what, princess? You want to come?”

Her eyelids flutter and he can practically see her dripping cunt clench on her fingers while
she presses her palm hard against her clit.

“You want to come for me? You can try, sweetheart. Try to make yourself come as hard as I
make you come. Go on.”

She reaches out to him with her other hand, fingers still damp. “I want you.”

His heart twists up n his chest, but he clicks his tongue. “Whose bed are you fucking yourself
in, princess?”

Her brow furrows, face and chest all rosy and flushed, like she doesn’t quite understand the
question. “Yours. Please, Rocket.”

He grimaces. “Nope. Not yet, sweetheart.” He eyes her. “Might as well stop reachin’ for me
and put that damn hand to good use. Back to petting your little pussy. Or pinching those
nipples.”

He can see her falter, brows tilting in disappointment, but he pins his shoulders to the
doorframe and doesn’t let himself move. He just watches — hungry, practically salivating —
while her fingers slide in and out of all that warm wet satin, glossy and shining. Her empty
hand curls reluctantly, then folds back into her chest. She pinches one nipple, hissing at the
squeeze on it, while her other palm swivels circles into her clit. God, she smells so good. Tea
and honey lotion and that wet-velvet scent that’s all hers: musky-sweet, syrupy, delicious. He
wants to curl his tongue up into her. There’s a crease between her brow and she’s chewing on
her lip in that way that just makes him want to latch onto it with his own teeth, and she’s got
that look on her face like she’s so close to the edge but can’t quite get over it.

“You find that spot inside your cunt yet?” he asks, forcing his voice into something mild. He
hears her hear flutter and her fingers falter. “That perfect little spot that gets you squeezing
my dick so tight? You making yourself feel so good for me, sweetheart?”

She shakes her head, not so much of a no as a protest, or maybe like she’s trying to clear her
head.

“Rocket,” she tries again. “Come to me? Please? Need you—“

“Whose bed are you dripping all over, sweetheart?”

His question cuts her off and she flounders, fingers faltering again.

“Yours.”

He lets his grin get a little mean. “I guess I might never touch you again,” he muses,
watching her. Her brows tilt again and she looks bewildered. “No, don’t you stop fucking
yourself, princess. You just keep doing your best over there and think about how it’s not quite
as good as what I can give you. Love seeing that nipple squeezed between your fingers too.
Like a little button I just want between my teeth. I’d be so mean to it, sweetheart. I’d bully it
till it was all achy and sore. Then I’d do the same thing to that little button between your legs,
too—“

Fuck, he can see her cunt twitch and drip around her fingers at that. She’s whimpering.

“But why—“ She shifts against her palm and tries to change her pace, rolling her hips with a
little whine, and he grins, watching her get more and more desperate. “Why won’t you—“

“Gonna make you fuck yourself every night while I sit back and watch you till you know
how to answer me,” he says, trying to manufacture a lazy shrug. Luckily, she’s getting so
frickin’ frustrated that he doesn’t think she notices the strain at the edges of his own voice,
fraying thin. “You gonna tell me who’s frickin’ bed you’re fucking your greedy cunt in?”

“I don’t — yours,” she says, so lost and achy and sad-sounding that it almost trips up his
heart.

“Tsk,” he admonishes mildly. “At this rate I’ll just be enjoying the show every night, forever.
Keep you fucking yourself for hours and hours while you can’t get yourself off.” He drops
one hand, adjusting himself in his painfully-snug jumpsuit.

“Rocket—“ she’s tearing up now, fat tears welling on her lower eyelashes and studding them
like wet diamonds. “Please — you’re right there, and I want you.”

He does laugh then. Mostly ‘cause she’s fucking perfect.
“Fuckin’ rude, princess.” he clucks, all his teeth bared in a hard grin. “Manners. Where’s my
good little slut?”

Jo’s face shifts into something almost pleading, and it might move him if he didn’t have an
agenda. Hell, it almost moves him anyway. “Rocket, please—“

“That’s better. So polite.” He runs his tongue along his teeth and tests the point of one canine.
“You want some help, then? Needy girl?”

She mews. “Please?” she begs again.

He’s unbuckling his jumpsuit slowly, peeling it down carefully over his bolts and bars,
pushing it over his cock and past his hips,then stepping out and strolling casually to the edge
of the bed, like he doesn’t want so badly to be in it with her, like it’s not practically killing
him to not have his dick already splitting her pretty pussy open, letting it cling to him like it
loves him. Like she loves him. He stands at the edge of the mattress and prickles his claws
over her ankle, braceleting it loosely.

“Whose bed?”

She’s panting, eyes locked on his hand circling her ankle, her fingers and palm moving in
furious circles between her slippery thighs. Fuck, she’s gonna be so nice and soaked for him
when he finally gets in there—

“Yours, Rocket, please—“

“Try again, princess,” he taunts.

He can see her grappling for whatever she thinks he wants to hear. “Only yours, just yours, I
promise—“

Something in him aches a little at that, and he drops his head to press his tongue consolingly
against the fluttering pulse at her ankle. “Nah, sugardrop. That’s the problem. Whose bed is
it?”

Her breath hitches on a sob. “I don’t — I don’t —“

“Two people are gonna be sleeping in this bed,” he murmurs at last, taking some sort of
fucked-up pity on her. Or maybe he’s just trying to speed up the end of his own aching
misery. “Two people fucking in it. Coming in it. And you’re here first. You’re—“

“Ours?” she hazards desperately, like she doesn’t think that could possibly be the answer
he’s looking for but willing to try anything. “Rocket, is it—“

He bounds up onto the bed so abruptly that she squeaks again, like a goddamn chewtoy. He
doesn’t wait for her to move past the startle-shock of it, just gripping her by the hips and
tugging her down onto the mattress so she’s no longer leaned up against the wall. “Good
girl,” he says, grinning, and takes a minute to admire what a pretty picture she makes: flat on
her back, legs still splayed wide and bent at the knees. “Good girl; that’s the right frickin’
answer.”
“Okay, yes,” she agrees, all breathless and dazed and taking her hand from her breast to reach
for him. “Ours—“

“Don’t you stop,” he says warningly, swatting her hand away and brandishing a clawed
finger. “I’m here to help, but m’not gonna do your frickin’ work for you.”

She moans a little, flushing at his words, and he grins.

“That’s right, sweetheart, keep stuffing those fingers in that cunt while you ride ‘em. Such a
good girl.” He wraps one arm casually around her bent leg, leaning into her thigh so he can
watch her bury her fingers into her pussy again and again, hips rolling and hitching. The
fingers of her other hand have long since ceased their teasing strokes on her clit; she’s
crushed her palm against herself as she bucks and moans. God, she’s so desperate, and it’s
probably the most beautiful frickin’ thing he’s seen in his entire life. Of course, he knows he
thinks that every time he sees her. “Your thighs are so fuckin’ slippery. Wet everywhere. Such
a good girl, fucking your self in our bed like this. What do you want, princess?”

She’s whimpering, gasping. “Want you,” she says raggedly. “Want your dick inside me. Want
to come.”

He snickers. “Want, want, want. That’s three frickin’ things, you greedy slut.”

She makes a guttural moan deep in her throat.

“I tell you what. I can help you with one of those for now, doll.” He looks down, and tsks.
“Your problem is–” he reaches out with one paw and delicately wraps his fingers around the
wrist of the hand that’s pressed against her clit. Her bones are so narrow there that he can
almost circle her wrist, even with his significantly smaller hands.

He plucks her hand away, replacing it with his own. “Your problem is you always end up
getting too frickin’ rough with yourself, sweetheart. If you’re gonna make yourself come like
your boyfriend does, you gotta fuck your pussy hard, but be nice to that sweet little clit of
yours.” He tsks. “Poor thing.” He swivels his palm teasingly over the little bundle of nerves
and she cries out for the first time that night. “There you go, sweetheart. Now you keep that
pussy nice and full and fucked like a good little whore, and I’ll take care of this precious clit
of yours.”

He doesn’t let himself linger on the fact that he’s just called himself her boyfriend. He
doesn’t let her linger on it either. Maybe afterward she’ll think it was all a frickin’ fever
dream and he won’t have to acknowledge it. Maybe he can just fuck the idea into her head
like some kind of subliminal messaging without ever having to ask her when she’s conscious
and clear-headed.

It’s a stupid thing to think and he knows it’s stupid. Because she’s told him, so many times
and in so many ways, with absolute clarity and no room for doubt, that she loves him. But he
still doesn’t feel like he can ask.

He can ask her how she wants to be fucked, or if he can come inside her, or if he can lick her
pretty cunt. But he can’t ask her something like that.
Are you okay with being officially fuckin’ saddled with a scrabbly little monster? Preferably
for the rest of your life and mine?

No. Absolutely not. He’d rather keep her writhing, make sure she has a reason to stay. Even if
that reason is only bone-rattling orgasms.

She’s panting now, little whimpering shrieks and yes pleases and thank yous every time he
rotates the gentle friction of his palm against her. It only takes another minute, maybe less,
before she’s seizing up under his hand, the fingers in her cunt faltering as she arches like a
bowstring against their mattress. He cups his other hand around her wrist, guiding her
trembling fingers in and out of herself, fucking her through her orgasm with them. He
watches as her muscles lock, thighs clamping on both his and her own hands, heels digging
into the sheets and practically pulling them off the bed. Her body arches so beautifully,
gleaming and slick.

He feels it the moment her body eases into something buttery and languid and soft. He leans
down and noses her throat, her jawline.

“Let me fuck you, princess,” he urges against her inner thigh, cradling her quivering wet
hands in his.

“Please, Rocket,” she says again. He loves how she does this, how she acts like what he’s
doing is a favor to her. He pulls her hand away from her pussy and licks his tongue over her
dripping fingers, wrapping his tongue around them even as he shifts between her thighs and
slides easily into her sopping cunt. She’s still fluttering in the aftermath, and she moans at the
feel of him, of his fur crushed against her.

He reaches down, grabbing a handful of her thigh and hitching it high against his flank,
fingers digging into the soft plump flesh there. Her hips tilt and her back arches as she
whines, body begging to take him deeper inside. He adjusts himself, wedging a knee under
her hip, eyes nearly rolling back in his head as he feels her pussy clutch at him.

“Rocket, you feel s-so good—“

“Good,” he mutters fiercely. “Want you to feel good. You’re such a sweet fuckin’ girl.” His
eyes flicker over her as he tries to take everything in and commit it to memory. He tries to go
slow — loves taunting her too much to want to fuck her too quickly, too soon. Wants to drag
himself out of her only to plunge himself back into her, find that circle of nerves inside her
cunt and bully it till she comes again, preferably crying when she does. But she’s squeezing
him so tight, wet and slippery and warm, and she’s so welcoming and loving with him that he
grinds himself deeper into her, then pistons his hips fast and hard—snapping them against
her, rutting into her, dropping one hand between them to smooth press his knuckles into her
soft little belly and smooth his thumb over her clit. She flinches with a little hitching moan,
and he rasps out a hoarse chuckle.

“Too much, sweetheart?” He doesn’t stop though, and she doesn’t ask him too — just whines.
“Can you come for me again, sugardrop? Come for me in our bed?”
She anchors one foot to the bed so she can meet him, thrust for thrust, then winds the other
leg around him, tugging him toward her, pulling him into the cradle of her hips. He lets his
tail sweep over her calf, a halting back-and-forth motion while he fucks into her.

“Come for me in our bed, sweetheart,” he says again — rasps, really — and flicks against her
clit again.

He thinks she squeezes him tighter every time: clenching on him, wringing him out. Her
moan staggers drunkenly out of her lips, body tilted upward, pussy a tight wet offering. The
leg she’s got braced on the bed slides flat, then scrabbles for purchase in the sheets. Her
fingers knot in his fur and tug, hard, sending little splinters of light skittering across his skin
and his vision.

Whatever she warbles out isn’t a word – just a fucked-up little love-moan, a handful of
nonsensical syllables and consonants in no particular order, except that they’re all so full of
adoration that his eyes sting.

“Good girl, sugardrop — good fuckin’ girl — coming undone on my dick like this. Bet you
can’t hardly even think. Fucked yourself silly. Can’t help what a slut you are, huh? Poor little
sweetheart. That’s right — d’you wanna come again, princess? You just gotta ask.”

He knows he’s basically babbling, and he knows it’s all fucking filthy. He doesn’t care.
Maybe something will come out of his mouth that’ll help tip her over the edge, that’ll give
her whatever extra boost she needs to make her orgasm even better.

“Please? Rocket — please can I c-come?”

“‘Can I come all over your dick, Rocket?’” he corrects through gritted teeth, and if he sounds
patient at all, it’s only due to sheer luck. “‘Can I be a good girl and come all over your dick
like a desperate slut? Will you let me?’”

Her breath is hitching and her eyes are fuckin’ glazed and shimmery with unshed tears. She
can’t barely say anything at all. “Can I please — can I please be a good girl and c-come all
over your dick, Rocket? Will you let me — can I be a desperate s-slut and come all over
you?”

Fuck. Oh, fuck. Oh, yeah.

“Yeah, princess, come with me, sweetheart, you frickin’ perfect little thing, you sweet,
precious fuckin’ treasure, holy shit, let me keep you, princess, please, let me keep you
forever, I swear—“

He has no idea what else he says. Later — after she comes so hard she nearly stops breathing
and he joins her right after, practically fucking her right through the mattress with his
vibranium-alloy hips and pulling so hard on the sheets by her head that his claws tear through
them even though his nails are filed down, and he’s pretty sure he blacks out for a second —
yeah, later he’ll realize with surprise that he’s pretty sure none of the things he’s saying to her
at the height of their fucking are dirty, that the only words spilling over his lips right now are
all love-whispers and pet-names and promises and pleas of his own.
And the realization won’t even make him all that uncomfortable.

++++

To be honest, Jolie rarely remembers her birthday.

She mostly lives by the multicalendar now, though her mind is still conditioned to measuring
time in something approximating Terran years. She’s rarely tempted to calculate her own
birthday. Pete, on the other hand, has always remembered, and whenever she’s been in the
same neighborhood as him, he’s made it a point to gift her a little something — usually a
piece of Terran junk, if he can find it. One time, there was a cracked mug lamenting Mondays
— a little thing Quill had thought might inspire nostalgia. And it did, but it also made her
cackle with half-hysterical laughter because, as she explained to him later, Terran humor has
changed a lot in the decades since he’d been scooped up by Ravagers.

Over the seven years they’d known each other, he’d gifted her with clones of some of his
music, a few Terran paints he’d found, and once, an almost-intact game of Guess Who? She’d
been delighted and had immediately set about making replacements for the characters who
were missing, and they’d played for hours the next time she’d met up with the Eclector. The
game is still around, somewhere. Probably stowed in her little closet of belongings.

One time, Pete had even found her a pint of mint-chocolate-chip ice cream that had clearly
been melted and refrozen multiple times as it somehow made its way across the galaxy. They
had split it, and had both ended up terribly sick — but it had been worth it.

Apparently, she’s forgotten it again this year, because she’s utterly nonplussed when Pete
yells happy birthday! at the top of his lungs as soon as she comes up the hatch that morning.
Gamora’s smiling in bemusement, Kraglin’s playing along easily since he’s no stranger to
Pete’s Terran eccentricities, and Mantis and Drax look fuckin’ stoked. Rocket climbs up the
hatch behind her, already seemingly disgruntled by the whole affair.

“Congratulations on being born!” Drax tells her enthusiastically. “The fact that you have
survived this many Terran years in spite of your weakness is truly an achievement to be
celebrated!”

She laughs and floats up on tiptoe to kiss Drax’s cheek.

“I am Groot!” Groot tells her excitedly, offering her a new family portrait. She curls the
toddler-sized tree into her arms and takes the picture. “Oh! This is so good! And you — you
just added a little bit of everyone in here, didn’t you?” She tilts the portrait so Rocket can see
because she’s pretty sure that’s a patch of his tail fur taped on there, and a lock of her own
hair — clippings from everyone who has hair, actually. Even his figure of Drax appears to be
smeared with soap, and Kraglin’s soggy with a smear of the cream he uses to keep his head
shaved.

Someone had strung up paper chains in the kitchen-canteen, and there are Xandaran sugar-tea
cakes that Pete had apparently picked up from a market on Spyre and kept hidden in the back
of cold storage for cycles. Drax makes some sort of delicious traditional Kylosian breakfast
that involves a rice-like grain and beans and mouthwatering spices. Gamora presents Jolie
with a bottle of silverwine from Vanaheim that she apparently managed to get from Thor at
some point on a side-mission, and Jolie promises to share it with everyone after dinner. Pete
cranks up his music and while there’s certainly plenty of work that could be done, they
instead spend the day just floating in space: talking, playing games — including the old
Terran copy of Guess Who? that Pete must’ve dug out of her storage closet — and everyone
is just laughing and telling stories and being a family.

Only Rocket is on edge, and Jolie wonders if maybe he’s self-conscious about all of it. Or
annoyed. But whenever she looks at him he wrangles out a half-smile for her, and it reassures
her that whatever is happening with him, they’ll be okay.

“My gift now,” Pete says as they all pick at a casual, easy dinner, still half-full of Drax’s
breakfast feast. With a flourish, he pulls something soft and rectangular out of the backpack
he’d left draped over one of the chairs.

She can tell immediately it’s a new sweatshirt, folded up like she’d expect to find on a
department store shelf. “Terran shit!” She exclaims, laughing. It’s thin and soft, and only a
little ragged at the collar, stretched out in the neck the way she likes. “It’s so snuggly. Where
did you find —“

And then she goes silent, unrolling it to read whatever smart-ass saying has probably been
printed on it — because even if Pete doesn’t get modern Terran humor, he does know her
style. She stares at the sweatshirt — first in delight, and then in something akin to horror. She
turns to Pete.

“You’re trying to get me actually murdered,” she accuses, eyes flickering briefly to Rocket
and then away. “On my birthday.”

Pete’s cackling. “No, no,” he protests. “It’s just funny because it’s true.”

“I am Groot.”

“We all wanna know what it says,” Rocket says now, his eyes narrowing in suspicion.

She sighs and hesitates, still staring at the front of the oversized sweatshirt with a facial
expression she knows is at war with itself.

“Turn it around,” Pete says, snickering.

She sighs again, long-suffering, and glances at Rocket apprehensively. “Don’t be mad?” she
begs, and then turns the shirt around and watches his face as he takes it in.

It’s a scribbly little line-drawing of something that looks a lot like his face — nowhere near
as pretty as she’d painted it, though — and a few words printed in her home language.

I might look like I’m listening to you, the shirt reads, but I’m thinking about raccoons.

Unlike her, Rocket hasn’t had to gruelingly waste away over foreign texts to retrain his brain
to read alien languages. Like so many other things, his curiosity and quick mind allows him
to pick up letters and symbols just like a box full of puzzle pieces or bits of metal, fitting
together neatly inside his brain. So she knows he understands what he’s reading, and she can
see all the words click into place behind his eyes. There’s a flash of annoyance and teeth, and
a slow blink while he grapples with himself. Then he breathes out, and lifts his eyes, and tilts
his head consideringly.

And finally, he leans back in his chair lazily, eyelids dropped to half-mast, and says, “You
should prob’ly just wear that one all the time.”

There’s a moment of silence, and then Pete barks out a laugh and claps Rocket on the
shoulder and heads to the kitchen to pull out the wine glasses and a couple six-packs of
blubber ale.

Later, she’s curled up on the couch, leaning on Drax and buzzy with silverwine. Mantis has
taken Groot to tuck him in and is just returning through the hatch, and Kraglin turns the
music low while Pete asks Gamora to dance.

Rocket looks over at Jolie. She smiles at him, and then lets her gaze fall one by one on the
rest of her family, just basking in all the warmth.

“This is it,” she says quietly. Pete looks up from over Gamora’s shoulder and for a moment,
everyone’s eyes are on her. She flushes a little.

“What‘s it, Earthgirl?” Pete asks.

“My best birthday ever,” she tells him, honest and a little embarrassed, but happy down to her
bones.

Pete and Kraglin both grin, wide and silly. Gamora smiles, and Mantis looks delighted. When
Drax shifts and Jolie glances up at him, he seems very proud of himself, and Jolie sinks down
into the warmth that’s all around her.

And then Rocket slides out of his chair and pads across the room, and climbs up onto the
couch and tucks himself into the soft curve of her belly right in front of everyone, without
even a shred of self-consciousness, nursing his ale and stroking his claws over her knee
almost absentmindedly.

And she thinks maybe that’s the best gift she’s ever been given.

They stay up too late, soft laughter and stories and quiet companionship. She dozes off to the
lullaby of it, until she feels Rocket’s careful claws combing strands of her hair away from her
face.

“Let’s get you to bed, sweetheart,” he’s murmuring, and when she opens her eyes, the
common room is quiet and empty, the lights all half-dimmed.

She hums softly. “Sorry.”

He snorts softly, still clawing delicately through her hair. “For falling asleep? Don’t be. Just
hated to wake you.”
She smiles and lets her eyes flutter closed. “Then can I stay here while you keep doing that?”

He chuckles. “Nah. Your back’ll be all fucked up tomorrow. Let’s get you on a real mattress.”

“Baby,” she protests in a half-dreamy voice, and she feels a little shiver ripple through him at
the name. He curses under his breath.

“Don’t use that tone a’ voice with me unless you want me to keep you up for hours,” he
warns. Then he slides off the couch, one paw collecting her wrist as he goes and tugging
gently. She lets herself be led, and once he gets her down the hatch, he pauses.

“D’you want your present from me tonight or tomorrow?” he asks, and that’s when it clicks,
even through the silverwine bubbles and the sleepiness.

“Oh,” she utters softly, remorsefully. “You were nervous.”

He makes a face — disgust, disbelief. “Was not. Shut up. D’you want it tonight or
tomorrow?”

She smiles softly and something about her expression makes Rocket’s ears drop and his eyes
go big and wide.

“I’m not going to make you wait,” she admonishes. “Not unless you want to. I’d love it now.”

He hesitates, then leads her in the other direction, and taps a sensor panel on a door she’d
thought had led to a small cargo hold. He reaches in, sliding a palm on a plasma orb, and
space glows slowly into brightness.

She feels her eyes go wide as she steps in and turns three-hundred-sixty degrees, trying to
take it all in. If it had been a cargo hold once before, it certainly isn’t any longer. It’s not just
a workspace, either — though that would’ve been enough, would’ve been more than she’d
ever expected to be given. It’s pretty, and cozy, and perfect. It’s a little haven.

“Rocket,” she breathes.

Each wall has been lined with desk space, little drawers and shelves, padded vertical racks of
datapads and flat projectors that lock in with leather straps. Her tools have been removed
from storage, and all her equipment has been arranged in something so close to her old set-up
that she knows he must’ve been paying attention, taking mental notes, just like he had with
her tea. There are two chairs on wheels: both threadbare, but soft and plush, with laughably-
good back support. Along the ceiling, the metal rafters and complex ventilation shafts —
made special, she suspects, for when she’s working with chemicals — have been draped with
string-lights like the ones in the streets of Knowhere, twinkling prettily overhead. In one
corner, he’s hung two of the delicate paper lanterns she’d always been charmed by in
Conjunction, cut with patterns that spangle the door and walls with pretty flakes and whorls
of light.

She’d bet a year’s worth of income he’d paid someone to steal them right off the street.

“Rocket,” she says again.
He doesn’t say anything and when she drags her eyes back to him, he’s kicking at the
doorframe instead, scratching the back of his neck self-consciously and looking anywhere but
at her.

“It’s not a big deal,” he mutters, his voice rough. “Just needed you to get your shit outta the
closet and stop sitting on the frickin’ floor for hours while you work. Gonna ruin your spine.”

“Rocket,” she says for a third time, feeling her eyes go wet and soft and teary. This time he
looks up, and whatever he sees in her face makes his go soft too.

“You don’t gotta keep making yourself small, sweetheart. You deserve to take up space too.”

Then he coaxes her back to their bunk, reminding her she can work all day after a night of
sleep, and tucks himself around her once he gets her in bed, stroking her hair till she drifts
back into slumber.

The next morning, he tells her she should wear her new thinking about raccoons shirt. It’s
kind of weird, the way he says it, but Jolie obliges — it never occurs to her not to. Before she
can even pull on her leggings underneath it, Rocket’s pushing her back onto the edge of his
workbench and tugging her panties to one side, fingers burrowing up into her before she can
so much as squeak.

Gonna fuck you absolutely stupid every single time you wear this thing, he informs her
conversationally, casually, and she realizes too late that he’s been planning this from the
moment he saw it. Gonna rile you up till you can’t think about anything else all day, and then
make you come till you cry at night. Gonna make this damn shirt into a frickin’ self-fulfilling
prophecy.

Jo’s reduced to tears and trembling before he’s done driving her to her tipping point again and
again, only to snatch her away from it each time. She can’t even beg anymore — mindless
and pitifully needy, really — and only then does Rocket carefully tuck her ruined panties
right back over her prettily-swollen pussy, still dripping. He pats her wetly-clothed cunt
before grinning into her glazed, agonized eyes and telling her, you really need to put on some
pants and get ready for the day, little slut.

She’s too distracted by exhaustion and desire to see it then, and too blissed out and
overstimulated that night. But tomorrow — safely clad in a different sweatshirt — she’ll
notice that at some point, Rocket must’ve taken some of her other things from the closet.
There’s her cheap, pretty chunks of crystal, all her texts, and a couple of sketchbooks and
journals and pens. There’s her Indigarran-ink painting of Asgard, and another of her Sprout,
and an extra datapad.

He’s slid them all, neatly and lovingly, into the shelves of their shared bunk.

++++

The cycles swim by like Moraggian moonfish, full and gleaming and wide. The Guardians
save a few cities, a few planets. Jolie gets better at wielding all sorts of firearms under
Rocket’s guidance: lessons which continue to leave her flushed and breathless, thighs shivery
when he lopes away, grinning that self-satisfied grin. Gamora’s training in hand-to-hand
combat has significantly fewer distractions, and Jolie gets better at that too.

One day, while Rocket is on the new ship, and the rest of the guys are distracted by various
games, the girls take a few bottles of greenwine and climb up on top of the docked Quadrant.
This backwater planet they’ve landed on is empty of all but native plants and wildlife. The
triple suns set within moments of each other in a dazzling orchestra of shifting color, and the
atmosphere is so clear that stars prickle through before the last sliver disappears over the
horizon. There’s a half-crushed moon, hit by some meteor or another, and the shivery silver
fragments reflect light like spilled diamonds and broken pearls.

It reminds Jolie of the tiny painting she’s included on the fore-edge of Rocket’s book of
illustrations. Suddenly, she wants to recreate it, theatrically-massive and sprawling, on the
projector: her copilot, perched in the stars, blowing up moons into jewel-dust.

“It’s amazing that this place hasn’t become a tourist destination,” Gamora notes as they watch
the dizzying rainbow of colors swell when the second sun drops halfway below the edge of
the planet.

“Lucky us,” Jolie agrees, toasting the sky with her bottle of greenwine.

“I am very lucky,” Mantis agrees musingly, staring at the sunset with big, dreamy eyes and a
little smile. “I have never really had a family, and now I have a large one. And it is very
good.”

Jolie smiles softly, and Gamora catches her eye and smiles a little too.

“I think I love him,” Gamora tells them abruptly, turning her eyes back toward the show.
“Peter, I mean.”

Jolie feels her heart stutter in delight, then trip happily back into its normal beat. “Ah,” she
says only.

“You do,” Mantis reassures their friend. “I noticed the other day when you were helping me
get the projectile mucus out of my hair, but I did not want to say.”

“Will you tell him?” Jolie asks, directing the question to the Zen-Whoberian.

“I will,” she says quietly, “though I am not sure when.”

“How hard it must be, to not know,” Mantis points out, and Gamora makes a little sound of
acknowledgement.

“Not that I’ve always listened to my own advice,” Jolie acknowledges, “but you know what I
think.”

“I do,” Gamora replies, her voice both wry and affectionate.

“I do not,” Mantis protests, and Jolie grins her lopsided grin: still a little haunted, but it
probably always will be.
“Don’t wait. You always have less time than you think.”

Rocket’s in the bunk already when she goes back inside, tinkering with something at his new
workbench. His ears twitch when she enters, and then his nose. When she finally steps inside
and lets the door slide shut behind her, he sets aside his tools, pulls up his goggles, and flexes
his fingers, shaking out the aches absentmindedly.

He’s so fucking cute with the fucking goggles perched on his forehead. Her heart, already
buttery and molten in her chest, stutters and weeps. He makes every part of her ache.

Something must show on her face, because Rocket tilts his head and gazes up at her
quizzically.

“What is it, Jo?”

She ignores the question. “Hands bothering you?”

She’s gotten to know his hands — well, intimately — in the last number of cycles. She’s seen
the places where the skin pulls over the bolts and metal inside. At some point, someone must
have broken his hands apart and rebuilt them. She’d suspected as much almost as soon as
she’d met him, and later, she’d noticed all his modified tools, adapted for use on days when
he’s sore.

His head cocks in the other direction. “A little,” he admits, and his voice isn’t suspicious, but
it is cautious. She guesses at this point he trusts her not to have nefarious intentions, but old
habits die hard.

“Can I touch you?” she asks, and when he nods uncertainly, she comes over to where he’s
sitting in front of the low workbench and sits cross-legged on the floor in front of him.

“Jo—” His voice is all confusion.

She takes one of his slender, dark hands, and turns it palm-up in hers, running her fingers
lovingly over the scars and skin. Then she’s softly rubbing her thumbs into the pads of his
palms, finding the places where the bones don’t fit together quite right or the tendons are
pinned. Gently, steadily, she massages each delicate muscle there, stretching and flexing his
fingers, rolling each joint and knuckle carefully, manipulating the webbing between each
digit. She moves up to his wrist and continues, carefully circling each little bone with her
own gentle and persistent thumbs, rotating his wrist delicately.

It’s not the first time she’s massaged away his aches and pains. He won’t ask, so she tries to
pay attention — when his shoulders are stiff, when he gets that little hitch in his step. In the
past she’s made some excuse about Terrans needing contact — not a lie, strictly speaking,
and she had felt better each time afterward — but now she usually just fawns teasingly and
tells him that she just likes to touch him, easing her thumbs or knuckles deep into his muscles
and soothing the knots away. Now that they’re fucking, she feels more free to pay attention to
the aches in his hips and thighs, too — much to her relief. In her mind, she pictures his pain
as little blue sparks that she can collect up in her fingertips and sweep away, at least for a
little while.
This feels different though. To her, certainly. Maybe to him, as well. She hasn’t done this to
his hands before — these quick, brilliant hands she loves so much — and she takes her time
lingering over every tendon, every little bone and joint and scar. She worships his hands with
her own.

He sits, silent and unflinching. She can feel his fingers loosen and relax as she works, and
when she’s done with the first, she collects up the other one and turns her attention toward
easing that one open too.

Then she kisses both his open palms and curls his fingers closed over them.

When she’s finally finished, she looks up at him. He’s looking back, and he’s wearing what
must be the softest, most searching expression she’s ever seen on his face. Maybe her mind is
playing tricks on her, but his eyes look glassy and close to tears.

“What’s going on, Jo?”

“I was thinking about you.” She hesitates. She needs each word to be perfect, so he knows
exactly what she means and there’s never any doubt.

He waits, like he knows there’s more, and one corner of her mouth quirks up higher.

“I think I’ve told you this before,” she says quietly, not moving from her spot on the floor,
basically at his feet. “Probably more than once.” She grins, soft and crooked and as lopsided
as ever. “And as you love to point out, you’re a frickin’ genius, so it’s not like you haven’t
picked up on it.” She swallows. “But it’s worth saying.” She takes a breath. “It’s worth saying
because I want to be absolutely, completely clear. I don’t want to wait until the next time
we’re getting shot at, or our ship is exploding, or someone is dying. And I don’t want to wait
until I’m—” she pauses, and she can’t stop her blush, still “—blissed out and babbling like an
idiot. Because I don’t want you to have any doubt that I fucking mean it.”

His eyes grow enormous. “Jo—”

“I love you. Like, Rocket, I really, really fuckin’ love you. So much that I can’t afford to be
poetic or vague about it. And if you want to crack jokes about it, or ignore it, that’s fine, but I
need to make sure you know. Just in case.” She looks around their bunk, all their things on
the shelf: chunks of cheap crystal next to tiny brass bombs; gravity mines stacked beside
journals and a miniature projection of a raccoon staring at a golden jump-point. All these
little pieces of their lives, interwoven. Jolie bites her lip, and tucks her knees under herself to
get ready to stand, and feels her eyes well up. “I need to make sure you know, and you never
doubt it for a single — fucking — second. Okay?”

When she turns her eyes back to him, he’s already reaching to knot his fingers gently in the
hair at the back of her skull and tug her closer.

He doesn’t say much this time, for once. Just: “sugardrop,” groaned into her breasts later,
and then a hundred soft little praises against her thighs.
Chapter End Notes



    warnings: sex with an anthropomorphic space raccoon. far too much dirty talk.
    masturbation. voyeurism/exhibitionism. praise, use of "slut" and "whore" (affectionate),
    and light dom/sub vibes. lmk if i missed anything ♡

    special thank you to all you absolute little crystal prisms and stained-glass suncatchers,
    especially those of you leaving comments. i don't write "for" comments (so don't feel
    obligated!), but writing smut about an anthropomorphic space raccoon tends to garner a
    few remarks here or on tumblr from folks who are uhhhhhh not fans lol (which is why,
    particularly for longer fics, my comments are so often filtered and may not show up
    until i've had a chance to review them). the wealth of kindness i have received from so
    many of you definitely outweighs those comments and even on worse weeks like this
    past one, it reminds me of how supportive this community is, and how grateful i am to
    be a part of it. you are treasures, each and every one of you. ♡♡♡

    anyway i hope this chapter was okay for you! this was originally the last half of Chapter
    XXIII (the previous chapter) so if it starts a bit rough, i'm so sorry. i'm really excited
    about the next chapter, which is less smutty and more feelings-ish. but i hope you enjoy
    this one too! as always, if you want previews or peeks into the posting schedule
    (including if it changes), you can find me on tumblr below.

    Coming Soon: Chapter XXV. Little Love Stories.
    in which both of our heroes learn a little about themselves.

    ♡ random shit, chapter/fic-previews, anticipated posting schedules, headcanons and
    minifics, &more
    ♡ jolie arts & the window across the galaxy masterlist
    ♡ a lil "holiday special" for jo and rocket
                                  Chapter 25: Little Love Stories.
Chapter Summary




      in which both of our heroes learn a little about themselves.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Rocket isn’t sure how he continues to be surprised by her, or how he never seems to
   anticipate her next move, especially when — cosmically speaking — Jo’s the most
   predictable frickin’ person he knows.

   For one damn thing, she is constantly dropping down to the ground in front of him: in front
   of the cage with a plateful of food. In the streets of Conjunction. By his bed while he slept.

   The very first time she’d used her mouth on him. And then the next time, too.

   That whole experience had been so brain-melting he still isn’t sure he’ll ever recover.

   But for whatever reason, when she sits down at the foot of his chair this time and takes his
   hands in her own — so carefully — his heart is suddenly, unexpectedly, in his throat. He
   can’t breathe around it, can’t swallow.

   When she starts speaking, he already knows what she’s going to say. He can feel it in the air,
   like static electricity building toward a spark. Because, just as she’d said, she’d already told
   him a million times before. With and without words.

   But still. He can’t breathe.

   And once she’s done confessing, and gives him two kisses — one pressed into each palm, to
   keep — she looks at him patiently and shifts like she’s about to rise to her feet and go about
   her night, like she’s not expecting anything back.

   Because of course she’s not.

   He stops her with a fistful of that stupid, glossy, everywhere-hair, and he doesn’t let her go.
   Not for hours. He slides off his chair and keeps his knuckles knotted in her mane, tugging
   delicately at the strands in a way that sends little shivers dancing across her shoulders, and
   pulls her right down onto the soft, pretty rug she’d braided for their bunk. Once he’s got her
   where he wants her, he moves the same hand to the base of her throat, just gently collaring
   her with palm and fingers spanning her clavicle. All he wants to do is wrap her up in his arms
and keep her there forever, keep her making soft sounds for him, little breaths of gratitude
and promises, all these exhalations of love.

As for himself, Rocket doesn’t say anything at all other than quiet little whispers against her
dewy skin.

You’re so fuckin’ beautiful, he tells her, his voice hushed and reverent. Sweetheart, you’re so
soft. You’re the softest thing I ever touched. I knew you would be from the first fuckin’ time I
got into bed with you.

With the hand not anchoring her to the floor, he rolls the back of his knuckles so, so gently
over her nipples, so light and careful. She arches and begs for him while he teases her for
what could be minutes or hours, and when her pupils have blown as wide as night-blooming
roses, he slides his hand from her collarbone to her abdomen, locking her hips against the
plush braided carpet. He gives her the softest brush of his furred face against her breasts, then
shifts down to do the same to her thighs. He offers her a tender stroke of his tail — then uses
his careful claws to tease delicately behind her knees as he gently opens her thighs.

You’re so good to me, princess. You’re the sweetest frickin’ girl in the galaxy. In the entire
fuckin’ universe. Clit like a little piece of candy for me to suck on. Let me make your soft little
pussy happy, sweetheart. Let me be so nice to her. She’s so good. She’s so damn sweet.

He brushes his tail against the sensitive bud of her clit, tickling her so lightly that her body
would have bowed off the floor if he hadn’t been holding her in place. He teases her and
loves on her for as long as he can bear it, past the point when her hips are trying to roll and
writhe needily under his grip and he can see her glossy pussy fluttering. She’s hiccuping and
whispering little gasping half-words up at him, sweeter than anything he’d ever had in his
fantasies. He trades his tail for his tongue, curling it into her silky little pussy. Lapping at her
pearly clit, so tiny and perfect, quivering against his tongue. He loses himself in the honey-
sugar taste of her and all her soft sounds, like little puffs of Atraxian fairy floss floating up
into the air.

Your pussy’s gorgeous when she comes — just like that, princess. Good girl. Good, sweet
fuckin’ girl. D’you want another, sweetheart? Let’s make sure you have another. Whatever
you want. I’ll give you whatever you want if you let me keep you, sugardrop. Let me keep you.

Please.

One of these days, he’s gonna tell he loves her. He swears he is.

He swears it.

++++

It’s nearly a dozen more cycles before Rocket gets the return transmission he’s been waiting
for. It makes him nervous, and he’s not sure how to start the conversation with her.

But then she gives him the perfect opening.
“I want to paint you again,” she tells him one night on the flight deck. She’s setting back on
the arm of her chair, watching him with that melting, syrup-sweet expression he loves. A
bemused little smile flickers like a candle in the corner of her mouth. He could warm himself
over it, cozy and soft.

His throat dries up.

“Show me the old one,” he tells her, flicking the flight controls to autopilot while they coast
for a while. She pulls herself upright in her chair and leans into the console to grab her old
datapad. A few taps and she brings it up, still as shimmery and lovely and soft as it had been
the first time he’d seen it. The look in the little lifeform’s eyes, and the golden window. What
had she said, ages ago, before the Kyln?

Jump-points aren’t just hexagons on a star-map. They’re windows through space and time.
Impossible connections made possible.

Reach through and grab a handful of hope.

“Yeah,” he tells her. “You should paint a new one.” He pins his chin thoughtfully with thumb
and forefinger. “I think I got handsomer.”

She laughs, delighted, and his damn heart turns over in his chest. When will it stop doing
that?

“Every rotation,” she tells him, smiling that stupid-soft sunshine-smile she’s been giving him
since day frickin’ one.

His smirk falters and he swallows. “I been thinking about that, actually,” he says casually.
“That painting changed my frickin’ life, sweetheart.” He tries to make it sound like he’s being
melodramatic, mocking — but he’s not being melodramatic or mocking. Not at all. In fact,
he’s completely fuckin’ serious. Seeing that little captured starscape — and then himself,
nestled safe within it — had rocked everything he’d thought about how anyone could see
him.

Each stroke had been so certain of his inherent worth.

“Well,” she says mildly. “You changed mine, so we’re even.”

He glowers at her. Not even fuckin’ close, sweetheart. “Stop tryin’ to beat me to the
punchline,” he orders out loud, and she grins recklessly. “Anyway, the point is–” He scowls.
“I almost got the new ship done. When I do, you got no excuse for not bringing more of your
own jobs onboard.”

Her grin falters. “Rocket—“

He clicks his tongue at her and tries to find a pragmatic way of saying it. “You gotta pull your
weight, princess.”

She looks like he just slapped her, eyes going big and lips going pale. His stomach sinks and
he tries to figure out how to backtrack even as she says, almost frantically, “I’ve been getting
better. Gamora says I’m doing really well with hand-to-hand and even — even you said my
aim was so much better and I was getting quicker–”

“That’s not — fuck — I was talking about your art, princess.”

If anything, she looks more miserable. “There’s not – there isn’t much I can do that’s going to
pull in the kind of money that Guardians work does these days —“

“Don’t need money,” he intervenes, swallowing down his own self-loathing. She looks so
hurt, still. And he’s so fuckin’ bad at this shit, still. He’d’ve thought he would’ve picked up
some kind of emotionalistic intelligence after spending so much fuckin’ time pressed up
against her skin. “I told you before, sweetheart.” He clears his throat and rolls his eyes at
himself, giving in to the sentimentality. It might be the only thing that can save him now.
“Blah blah blah, people gotta have somethin’ to come back to.”

She’s already shaking her head, even as he pulls up a screen on the flightdeck — taps a few
buttons, and lets the image project itself over part of the windshield.

“Rocket, I—“

He rolls his eyes.

“As your copilot and your co-fuckin’-captain, I got two jobs for you to start with,” he
interrupts, and taps the screen again. “The first is to shut your frickin’ mouth and watch this.”

The transmission crackles to life on the windshield. The holovid quality is low and the people
on it are in washed-out gradients of blue. Two older Luphomoids, and one young adult, now.
Two teenagers, dark-haired and wide-eyed and still so close to childhood that they have their
baby fat. They clamor into the screen, shuffling and murmuring to each other.

Rocket watches carefully as Jolie’s eyes, already wide and wounded, get even bigger. They
immediately silver in the blue light of the transmission, shimmery and wet.

“Hello, Guild Artist 79863, Jolie of Terra and the Gemma Lynn—“ one of the older
Luphomoids begins.

“—and Guardian of the Galaxy!” one of the young teenagers chimes in, and Jolie grins in
spite of herself, watery and soft. “We know a Guardian of the Galaxy!”

“You might not remember us,” the parent continues while their adult offspring shushes the
kid. “You took a — a job for us on Conjunction, over a circumrotation ago. Or — more
accurately, I think — you gave us a gift.”

“We’re the Aurora family!” the other kid announces. The oldest sibling looks fuckin’
beleaguered.

“We’re sending this transmission to your friend. We don’t think we were ever able to properly
say it before,” the parent says. “We probably never will be.”
“We don’t know if you realized this at the time,” the mother interjects, “but we’d been looking
for someone who could help us recover even a little bit of that footage for over five
multicalendar circumrotations when you sent us your bid. No-one had ever even sent us an
inquiry before — and we had learned by then that it was probably hopeless.” She bites her
lip and shrugs. “We didn’t have the money to pay anyone what their work would have been
worth — not in terms of any sort of objective evaluation, and certainly not what it would have
been worth to us.

“Not until you,” she says. “I still have your message.” She taps something on the datapad in
her lap.

“I can’t recover your footage,” she reads from her datapad. “But I might be able to give you
something almost as good. I’m not interested in haggling — the amount you’re offering is
fine. Here’s a portfolio of some similar work I’ve done in the past.”

“We looked you up immediately,” the other parent says quietly. “By then, we were afraid
anyone who would settle for that kind of payment couldn’t really be trusted. But you were
verified by the Intergalactic Artists’ Guild and the Andromeda Preservation and Restoration
Institute as one of their premier restorers, with all these other accolades in your field, and
you had a history of taking jobs like — like ours.

“We couldn’t believe it. We accepted, of course. Obviously. And then you came to our house.”
Their voice cracks, and they duck their head. “Sorry,” they murmur, muffled.

Their wife speaks up then. “You gave us back something we thought we’d never have again.
Just a few more minutes with our beautiful child.” She swallows, too, and even through the
screen, Jolie can see that all their childrens’ eyes are wet. The oldest — the one who
would’ve known and remembered the boy she’d painted — brushes a trembling hand over
their mouth.

“But more than that, Jolie,” the older woman goes on. “You didn’t just — come and pick up
files and leave. You didn’t just paint us some — some time with him, given back. You also
spent time. With us. You invited us to share our memories with you. You offered to share our
pain.”

“I’ll never forget what you said to me,” the other parent adds. “You might not remember it,
but I do. I told you — when I realized he’d been hit by the Black Order — when I realized he
was — when I realized he was dead—” They swallow again. “I still carried his body. For
miles. Until I couldn’t carry it any more, and we knew the Order was getting closer and
closer. And eventually, I had to — I had to put him down. And it was the hardest thing I’ve
ever done.

“And you said, You haven’t put him down at all. You’re carrying him with you even now.”

Rocket looks over at Jolie and her eyes are huge and her cheeks are wet, and it’s the second
time he’s seen her crying behind the flight controls. His beautiful fuckin’ girl with her stupid-
big heart.

The Luphomoid family pauses, each member grappling with some level of emotion.
“When we left Luphom, we were just trying to survive. And when we got here, we didn’t have
a community. Most of the Luphomoids on Conjunction are on the other side of the planet. We
didn’t have anyone to grieve with but each other. You were the first person to — sit with us,
Jolie. You stayed with us, and you saw us, and you held onto our son with us.”

The woman gestures to the datapad. “You’d written that you might be able to give us
something almost as good as the footage,” the she says. “But you gave us so much more.
More than we ever could’ve asked for.”

“Your friend Rocket says you’ve been… second-guessing yourself lately. We don’t — we don’t
know what journey you’re on. But we did want to let you know, beyond a shadow of a doubt,
that what you’ve done for us has mattered more than we could ever tell you — and that it’s
probably true for others you’ve done this for, too.”

There are a chorus of thank yous, and then the woman says, “If you ever need anything —
you always have a home and a family on Conjunction.”

The screen crackles into silence, and the silence stretches and folds in on itself softly, then
stretches some more.

Jolie sniffles, finally. “That was—“

“Sappy,” Rocket interrupts dryly. “I know.”

She looks at him, all shining cheeks and wet throat and collarbone, and he’s reminded again
of that night he’d found her shifting constellations on Gemma’s cheek. “You reached out to
them?” she asks, her voice as tiny as a little Tryl’sart sparrow. “You did this for me?”

He scoffs and rolls his eyes, but she doesn’t look away. Her gaze is wide and soft and her
lashes are pricked out like stars from her tears and Rocket thinks he loves her so much that it
hurts.

“You did this,” he tells her with a scowl. “And you gotta get back to work.”

“Rocket—“

“Got your next job right here.” He rolls his eyes. “An I know you’re gonna love it, ‘cause you
ain’t gonna get paid at all.”

He taps the screen and the transmission collapses, replaced by a gallery of eleven blurry
thumbnails.

“Don’t even gotta worry about keeping it on the Quadrant before I get the new ship up and
running,” he tells her, “because all the materials are already here anyway.”

They’re a series of hazy satellite holovids, and what looks like screensnaps taken from them.

“This is all we got,” Rocket says. “Think you can clean ‘em up?”
Jolie reaches out, fingers shaking, and touches the windshield where one of the clearer vids
plays on repeat. “Is this…?”

Rocket taps it, and the vid expands — clearer than she would’ve expected, but still
ricocheting against frames of file corruption and lines of static, shots that are clear one instant
and obscured the next. The image scans a series of bodies of water, colorful and almost
glowing, shrouded by mist — narrows its focus and rushes in. There are two figures there,
standing close enough for their knuckles to brush — then leaning into each other.

“Drax,” she whispers.

“And Ovette,” Rocket tells her. “Forgotten Lakes on Kylos. Got a couple with Kamaria, too.”
He pulls up another vid. A small figure at the edge of a shimmering rainbow-soaked pool,
honeycombed against other pools. The shot zooms in and Jolie can see her between the
flawed frames: pearly dusk-colored skin, liquid dark eyes. Innocence and laughter. Drax is
sitting beside her, solemnly looking out on the pools as well, occasionally reaching behind his
daughter to tap her opposite shoulder. The image crackles as the little girl whips her head to
the side, trying to catch her father in the act, before she dissolves into soundless giggles.

“Rocket,” she whispers. “How did you — where did you even get these?” Her voice is
shaking even more than her hands.

He shrugs, watching her. “Your eyes are leaking again,” he points out wryly.

“Rocket.” Her voice is unbearably soft and sweet.

He sighs, then grimaces. “Found some data disks on the Dark Aster wreck, the last time we
were on Xandar,” he admits. “Thought there might be something interesting on ‘em. Then I
thought it was a bust — at first. Just surveillance footage from planets Ronan eventually
fucked.” He hesitates. “But I saw how far back it went and I — I dunno. Thought maybe
there might be some of Kylos.” He tilts his head at the projection. “This is as far back as I’ve
gotten. But…” He hesitates. “There might be some of Zen-Whoberi. Luphom.”

“Rocket,” she breathes. “It must’ve taken you cycles to even just find these clips—”

He scowls. “Don’t you dare go frickin’ tellin’ people that,” he warns, then tilts his head.
“Can you do something with it?” His voice creaks into uncertainty, into something smaller
and more breakable than he’d like.

“Oh,” Jolie breathes, her shaky fingers still pressed to the windshield. “Yeah, baby. I can do
so much with this.”

He looks at her and he’s glad she’s looking away because everything in him goes soft and his
own eyes are so wet that warm little rivers of wonder and salt trickle over his lower lids and
map their way through his fur. He clears his throat. “You’ll get back to doing more jobs like
this once I’ve got the new ship built, too?”

“Yeah,” she agrees, half-distracted. Her eyes follow Drax’s hand again, reaching out to tease
his daughter.
“Promise?”

“Promise.”

He leans back in his chair and watches her watch them. The stars sequin the sky just beyond
the projection, glittering beneath the translucent image of Drax and his daughter.

“Rocket,” she offers up quietly in the darkness, not tearing her eyes away from the holovid.
Her voice, though, is so serious and pointed. “You know I love you, right?”

He tries to scoff, but the sound catches in his throat and clings there. “Yeah, yeah,” he
mutters, waving her off. “You told me a million times.” He makes a show of resettling
himself and stages a cough. “Now that that’s settled, get your hands off the frickin’
windshield. You’re gonna get fingerprints all over the damn glass.”

++++

A few cycles later, Rocket finishes the new ship and ushers them inside for a first look.

“Don’t frickin’ touch anything till you’ve washed your hands, you goddamn animals,” he
tells them.

It’s bigger, sleeker, and faster than the old Gemma Lynn/Milano. And in some ways, it’s just
weird — uniquely capable of evasive maneuvers, and strangely intuitive by Rocket’s
unexpected touches of genius.

And it’s beautiful.

Jolie hums her appreciation and awe over every line of it: the newer, stranger, more
comfortable flight controls, the temp-bunks just a bit more spacious than those of the Gemma
Lynn. Pete and Kraglin are both in awe of everything. Gamora is wide-eyed, her slim green
hands hovering over screens and controls, mindful of Rocket’s orders not to touch. The new
ship even has its own secondary pod, docked to the side the way the Gemma Lynn and
Milano had once been connected.

The Guardians fawn over it.

Rocket’s posture gets straighter and his chest swells just a little as they praise every little
detail, every new innovation. The sight of it makes Jolie’s heart so tender it could fall apart
behind her ribs, like a rose so full-blown that the petals drop whenever a bee brushes by.

“Does it have a name?” Pete asks. “I’ve been thinking — she looks like a Benatar.”

That drags her back to reality.

“Jesus Christ, Pete,” Jolie says, rolling her eyes. “You always wanna name ships after girls
you had crushes on a million years ago. It’s getting old.”

Pete pouts. “What? Like you’ve got something better?”
“I mean, it’s Rocket’s call,” she says mildly. “It’s his work of art.”

“That just sounds like evasion,” Star-Lord snips at her. “If you don’t have any good ideas—“

“If we’re going with Terran musicians from the seventies, then the Jimmy Page or the Led
Zeppelin,” she interrupts dryly. “Maybe the Roger Waters. Or switch it up and name her after
a song — the Jolene. The Bohemian Rhapsody. I’m not saying it has to be one of those —
I’m just saying your naming strategy is really limiting, brother-of-mine.”

“Perhaps the Dylan,” Gamora suggests mildly. “Or the Billy Joel.”

“Ooh! The Sex Pistols!” Mantis cheers, eyes wide and voice giddy.

“Mantis,” Drax interrupts disapprovingly. “You know our friends don’t like to discuss sexual
congress.”

“That’s not what I mean, Drax. What even are you talking about—“

“I am Groot!”

“We’re not naming it that,” Kraglin says. “What about—”

“All a’ you — Shut. Up,” Rocket says, but there’s no bite in his voice — if anything, he’s
preening. “Your co-captains’ll figure it out and let you know in the morning.”

That night, he leans back on the mattress and watches Jo climb out of her clothes, ready to
get into her oversized button-down sleep shirt.

He’d tell her it’s useless to wear, but he likes to take it off her.

“So what do you wanna name her?” he asks quietly. “The new ship?”

She looks at him, tugging off her sweatshirt and tossing it in the laundry locker. He tries not
to get distracted by the frickin’ glorious set of tits squeezing out of her sports bra.

“I wasn’t joking before,” she tells him. “She’s your creation, baby. You should pick.”

He takes a slow breath when she peels the tight bra off too, and the aforementioned tits
bounce free. “I was thinking — maybe the Fleetwood,” he says quietly, no longer bothering
to avert his eyes.

Her smile melts softly onto her face. It always makes him feel so frickin’ warm, even when
she’s not topless.

“It’s a lovely name for a lovely ship,” she tells him quietly, shrugging into the sleepshirt but
leaving it undone. It allows him only a narrow window to her skin and panties as she peels
off her leggings.

“You called it a work of art earlier,” he reminds her. He’s trying to sound prickly and irritable
but he knows she can hear the nerves underneath because she looks at him carefully while
she buttons her shirt. He watches most of her biteable thighs disappear behind the fabric, then
the silky little panties she’s wearing today.

“I meant it,” she tells him at last, her voice soft and honest. He loses sight of her navel behind
the shirt.

“You liked it?”

She finishes closing the last few buttons over her breasts. He can still see halfway down her
cleavage when she takes a thoughtful step toward him, bare feet quiet against the floor.

“Rocket,” she says softly. “Do you remember — like, a million years ago — when you told
me that not everyone could be an artist or creative, and that some people just destroy things?”

He rips his eyes from her body at that, ears flickering back and eyes going wide despite
himself. He can feel his ears flatten and if he were standing, he’s sure the tip of his tail would
be tucked against his right ankle.

“Yeah.” His voice crackles. “Before Asgard. We just — shared the bunk for the first time.
The night before.”

She holds his gaze, steady and soft and open for him.

“You make beautiful things, Rocket.”

His abdomen flutters and clenches and the warmth she always manages to ignite in him
suddenly flares. He feels himself straighten.

“I’ve got an idea for another,” he tells her, measuring her reaction. “Bigger, but good for
dodging shit. More intuitive. Thinking about calling it the Bowie.”

“I’m already excited,” she tells him with her lopsided grin, and he knows she means it.

He tilts his head, studying her. “Okay, sweetheart,” he says at last with a firm nod, like he’s
just decided something. “Can you do something for me?”

“Of course, baby,” she says, and he can see she’s startled at the sudden shift. “What is it?”

“I’m gonna need you to take off your panties and sit yourself right on the edge of my
workbench there so I can lick your pussy. Gotta reward you for always bein’ so damn nice to
me all the time.”

++++

Sure enough, now that the Fleetwood is finished, the Quadrant becomes something of a
mobile headquarters, helmed by Kraglin. The fuel efficiency of the new ship is predictably
off-the-charts, making it their primary mode of transport during missions: no need to haul the
plasma-guzzling Quadrant with them everywhere they go.
Jolie begins taking those longer jobs, as promised. Sentimental family heirlooms in need of
restoration, holosnaps and holovids that need patching or mending or reimagining. She keeps
it all on the Quadrant in her studio, and everything is so good.

Everything is so good.

Between jobs, she works quietly on the surveillance footage of Kylos. She paints in the
missing shots. She softens the ends and edges so it looks less like a holovid from a spying
satellite, and more like a warm dream or a quiet memory. She works on her book for Rocket:
her longest project to date.

And she repaints her little portrait of him — reframing it, adjusting the perspective, adding in
all the things that have changed in his face over the circumrotations. He becomes her favorite
casual study, and he rolls his eyes whenever he sees her looking at him with a narrowed gaze
and a stylus or sketchbook in her hands.

Drawing me again, princess? You’re practically frickin’ obsessed. He scoffs, but he’s always
got a pleased little smirk in the corner of his mouth, and he always finishes with the words:
Lemme see.

Bickering happens sometimes. And miscommunications. Sometimes, someone is just having
a bad day. But their little family is growing more beautifully than she could have imagined.
Mantis and Drax have found some sort of platonic soulmate-situation in each other. On
missions, Gamora and Pete move like they know what each other is thinking before they even
think it. Kraglin plays card-games and tile-games with Rocket some nights when they’re back
on the Quadrant, continually falling prey to her copilot’s ridiculous bluffs, even as Rocket
cackles harder and harder when the games go on. Groot is growing fast, the size of a pre-teen
now, starting to go sullen and withdrawn when she’s not looking. He’s just trying to figure out
who he is, who he wants to be, she reminds herself on rough days. It’s hard for him, too.

Pete’s birthday comes and goes again, and Jolie finds herself asking Rocket how he feels
about these little celebrations. It feels unfair, to her, that birthdays are such a Terran thing.

As far as she’s concerned, every member of this little family deserves to be celebrated in
perpetuity.

He snickers, and tells her that other people have their ways of celebrating life and various
rites of passage, and that a Terran year seems pretty frickin’ arbitrary, all things considered.
She has to agree, and then he needles her because he has it on good authority that she never
cared all that much about birthdays in the first place, and maybe she just wants to make him
happy for a day. She agrees readily with a shrug — well, yeah — and he huffs that little
startled laugh that he still laughs when he thinks she’s said something unexpected, though she
can’t imagine why.

So they sneak away between missions, stealing the Fleetwood’s extra pod — affectionately
nicknamed the Mac — and they snicker and giggle between themselves like the children
neither of them ever had much of a chance to be. It becomes a full cycle-and-a-half of
visiting backwater black market weapons dealers and junker planets, drinking Beluan
silkflower sours and gargleblasters with Angargal’s. Nights are spent parked on a beautiful,
green-meadowed moon that Jolie had made note of about ten cycles earlier: they waste time
together exploding mountains into craters, and fucking under the stars.

After waking one morning, Jolie bundles up the courage to hand Rocket a rectangular
package wrapped in dyed cloth, and when he opens it, there’s the hand-bound book she’s
been slaving over for what must be more than two Terran years now, maybe longer — a
simple title, woven with branches and luminous golden spores: Rocket & Groot. Each
illustration is hand-inked: a little scratchy, a little goofy, a little cute. Something about them
seems both endearing and frenetic, a visual representation of the energy he exudes when he’s
regaling her with some prison-break tale or bounty-mission story. Underneath each inked
outline, transparent layers of Indigarran ink overlap each other like the watercolors she grew
up with. She’s hidden as many treasures as she can in the pages. She’s painted the fore-edge
with Groot and Rocket silhouetted against a pastoral landscape, the silvery-crush of an
exploded moon hanging in the sky. On the lower right hand corner of each page, she’s added
a tiny, scratchy series of doodles that become animated when she shows him how to flip the
pages: Rocket perched on Groot’s shoulders, guns clenched in all four of their hands, the two
of them spinning as they spiral out a fiery hailstorm of bullets and bombs.

He doesn’t say anything for a long time and for a moment, she’s worried that this is too
much, that she’s overstepped, that she never should have taken his stories and set them down
to paper without his permission.

But then he strokes his dark fingers tentatively over the cover, the careful green thread of the
binding, like he can see her working on it in his mind’s eye: slow, careful, lingering. Each
layer of paint an exercise in patience. When he looks up at her again, the fur around his eyes
is wet, and then she tears up too.

He worships her that night. Sprawls her out on a blanket under the stars and licks her all over
till she’s coming and crying and coming again, then flips her on her hands and knees, gently
pressing her cheek against the soft earth so he can fuck into her pretty wet pussy from behind.
Even after he comes, he doesn’t stop — overwhelming her with his fingers, his tongue again,
and finally pulling her hips into a sweet, soft little ride against his thigh.

He lets her sleep for as long as she wants, and then they go blow up more shit.

By the time they make their way back to the Quadrant, Pete is livid — we were freaking
worried! at least tell us when you’ll be back next time! Send us coordinates so we can find
you if you need us! — but nothing’s dimming Rocket’s mood.

He loves her. Rocket knows he loves her. And he knows he should tell her. He thinks about it
every day.

He can’t, though. And time passes.

She finishes the vids from Kylos. Rocket doesn’t want to have any part in her actually giving
the files to Drax, but Jo won’t take no for an answer — forces him to come with her, to
explain what he’d found. What he’d done for his big Kylosian friend. Drax’s face might seem
implacable to an outsider but they can both see the minute his eyes go soft and distant, the
minute they mist over with tears.
Then Jo carefully pushes the data disks into the Destroyer’s massive hand, and Drax holds
onto them like a prayer. He hasn’t said anything since they’d started explaining, but when
Jolie and Rocket turn to walk away and give him some privacy, he speaks.

“Will you watch them with me?” he asks, his voice deep and lost. “I do not want to watch
them alone for the first time.”

Jolie opens her mouth, but pauses when she hears her copilot swallow.

“Yeah, man,” the captain of the Guardians of the Galaxy says hoarsely. “‘Course. Don’t be
stupid.”

The Kylosian’s tears spill over.

More time passes. Once, doing a job on Starport A372 in the Magellanic Galaxy, they run
into Nebula. She stays on the Quadrant with them for half a cycle, sleeping in her sister’s
bunk till Rocket gripes that maybe he should just build another frickin’ room for her.

“I will leave soon, Rocket,” the cyborg tells him flatly, and he rolls his eyes.

“You don’t gotta be so damn dramatic, Blue,” he tells her dryly. “It was a frickin’ offer.”

Still, she leaves — but they cross paths again.

And again.

Rocket proposes building a new bunk anyway. “For frickin’ guests, I guess,” he mutters over
dinner, sounding aggrieved. He’s standing on his chair and gesturing with a spoon. Not that
Pete requires the justification — at this point, Star-Lord lets Rocket do whatever he wants to
the Quadrant.

Jolie doesn’t bother waiting to get Rocket alone this time and just leans over, wrapping her
arms snugly around his waist and showering his ears and the top of his head in little closed-
mouth kisses. Rocket sputters indignantly, swatting lightly at her with the spoon — but he
doesn’t pull away.

“Okay, okay,” Pete says. “Geez, sis, save it for the bunk—“

Pete’s words must cause Groot to tear his eyes away from his game for a moment because the
surly young Flora Collosus is broadcasting his revulsion wildly.

“I am Groot! I am Groot!”

“Yeah, really,” Pete agrees. “The kid shouldn’t have to see his parents like that. You have a
room — freakin’ use it.”

“I think they’re cute,” Mantis gushes, and Drax is rolling his eyes.

“I told you all that your prudishness would cause Groot to experience disgust at the natural
urge to be intimate,” he huffs. “Look at what you have done.”
“I, for one,” Gamora intervenes, returning them to the subject at hand, “am grateful for the
kindness, Rocket. I think we all know that — for now, at least — my sister is the most likely
to use it.”

“About that,” Kraglin says awkwardly. “I was wonderin’. Is, uh — is your sister single?”

Gamora blinks.

“Yes, Gamora,” Mantis pipes up. “Is your sister single? I, too, would like to know.”

The bunk is built. Nebula visits more often. Stays longer. Plays cards with Rocket and
Kraglin, drinks wine with Gamora and Jo and Mantis. Watches them all uncertainly, like
she’s waiting for the other shoe to drop.

“You like her,” Jo informs Rocket one night, like it’ll be news to him. They’re in bed and
she’s got her head in his lap, drifting in and out of sleep, while he leans against the cloth-
covered wall and tinkers with a new grenade he’s trying to integrate with pocket-dimension
tech.

His brow creases. “Who?”

She snorts. “Nebula.”

“Do not.” He pauses in his tinkering, then sets the mine and tools down next to her. “Not yet,
anyway. She’s still on frickin’ probation.”

Jo rolls herself over so she can look up at him. “You’re still trying to convince yourself of
that?” She knows her sleepy eyes are twinkling. “You’ve got a soft spot for her. I can tell.”

He grimaces, but skates a casual claw through her hair and lets it tangle in the soft, satin
banner of it. “You remember what Yondu said to me before we went down to Ego?”

Everything in her face softens. “That you two were the same.”

He makes a noncommittal noise and looks away, then tugs a lock of her hair to try and lure
her head back into his lap. “I got an idea of what Nebula’s body feels like when she wakes up
in the morning. And what she thinks when she accidentally catches her own reflection.” He
curls his lip in the sneer that Jo knows is pure affection, trying to hide under distaste. “And
what it prob’ly feels like to be her, being surrounded by all you frickin’ idiots.”

Jolie laughs softly, then reaches up with one hand to brush her fingers over the fur on his jaw.
She cups his face carefully.

“Hey, Rocket-my-love,” she says softly.

“What?” His gaze is steady and open on her and she can’t ever get over how much she loves
him. It’s crushing and overwhelming and giddying all at once.

“Do you think you can help her hurt less?”
He blinks. “I don’t—“

He thinks of Floor, of learning to help his little sister with her aches and pains: tightening
screws, adjusting crooked metal struts. Of watching Lylla carefully tend to Teefs. Of the
modifications he’s had to do on himself over the years.

He lets out a shuddery breath.

“It’s okay if you can’t, or if you can’t right now,” Jo says quietly. “I thought it might…” She
hesitates, but Rocket knows.

She likes Blue too. But more than that, even, she always just wants him to feel better.

So the next time Nebs is onboard, Rocket’s scrutinizing her. Calculating. The cyborg notices,
of course: hypervigilance cultivated over decades of abuse and warfare.

“What?” she snaps one day, and he shrugs.

“Ball-joint in your shoulder’s fucked.”

The cyborg blinks — the only flicker of uncertainty in her bared-teeth glower.

“Got somethin’ that might work better.”

And Jolie watches their weird, tense relationship grow and change, piece by piece — inch by
inch.

Cycles spiral by. People and planets are saved: tyrants toppled, invaders thwarted. Natural
disasters averted. Between it all, Jolie paints. She restores. She reaches out to people on
planets they never could’ve gotten to in time, folks who’ve already had their lives shredded
and wrecked by despots and genocide before the Guardians had ever even met.

She draws Rocket again and again, wanting to know the way each strand of fur falls on his
face, wanting to catch every expression. A hundred portraits, a hundred sun-bright jump-
points. The desire, neverending, to give him a doorway to some place warm and safe, some
place golden with love.

Sometimes, in the night, Rocket still has dreams — still has nightmares. They’re getting less
frequent all the time, and the little tapped-out four-counts and the feel of Jo’s breath through
his fur is usually enough to ease his heart back away from immolation. But every once in a
while, there’s a night when everything is worse. She’ll dodge the claws and the teeth when
they lash out — rare though it may be — until he can see again. But she never, ever leaves.
The door is right there, she’ll tell him quietly. You can walk out any time. A pause while he
grapples with his breath. But you’re safe here with me, too.

He’s scratched her twice, and both times he’s looked haunted about it. She’d kissed his
knuckles and claws and told him that it didn’t matter, that she wants to stay with him if he’ll
let her, wants to hold him and count his breaths for him and love on him however he needs.
After the second time he’d scratched her, he’d filed his claws down further, more bluntly -
too short on a number of his fingers, all the way to the quick - and she’d cursed and cried and
begged him not to do it again.

I’d rather not sleep with you than have you hurt yourself like this, she’d told him furiously,
her voice at odds with her careful hands. Her fingers had clung tenderly to his, and she’d
blotted the blood away from where it had leaked out of his shorn nails — so gently he’d
barely felt it, like little kisses or soft clouds.

He’d rolled his eyes. I been hurt worse, he’d reminded her carelessly, gesturing at his whole
body in irritation and dismissal. He’d kept scoffing until he’d looked at her — really looked
at her — and then he’d frozen at the sight of her face: blinking back tears, outraged and
heartbroken.

Not because of me, she’d said. Not because of me, okay?

It had been a plea.

I love you, he’d thought, but his mouth had gone dry.

Other nights, he’s brought back to the fresh brink of mourning with the fur around his eyes
wet and dripping. She counts his breaths for him and holds him and waits, and sometimes,
little shreds of his story fall out, like scraps of shed skin. She picks them up carefully and
holds onto him, becoming a library for his sadness and anger and hurt.

“Remember when you found me on the Eclector?” He asks one night, when he can’t stop
thinking about it and knows he’s not gonna be able to sleep. The plasma orbs are dimmed to a
quarter of their normal brightness, and Jo is lying wrapped around him, skin to fur, her face
pressed into his bolted chest while she winds her arms around him. She’s carefully massaging
his back, mapping his scars and burns and stitches and bolts.

“How could I forget?” she says with a soft, bemused little laugh. “It changed my whole
fuckin’ life.”

He swallows. Mine too, he thinks, but doesn’t say.

“You remember what Fuckface told you? About where they were taking me?”

Her brow furrows. “To the High Evolutionary,” she says, all levity gone.

He nods. “You remember — that jackass said the High Evolutionary made me.”

Her hands pause against him, then resume their careful, soothing strokes. “I remember,” she
says softly, and he has to look away.

“I can’t tell you much more than I’ve already told you,” he says raggedly.

She shifts in his arms and he tightens his hold on her.
“Don’t move,” he says hoarsely, and he knows it sounds like he’s begging. He supposes he is.
She goes still again, just waiting.

“It was me and my family there,” he tells her quietly. “Lylla and Teefs and Floor. We were —
kids, I guess. Little, still. And every day there were… surgeries. And tests. But we still — we
had hope.” He closes his eyes. Scoffs at his past self: an idiot and a moron.

Jo says nothing — just breathes against him.

“We tried to have fun,” he tells her. The words limp out of his mouth. “And tell stories. And
—make plans. For the future.” He clears his throat. “We tried to look out for each other. And
then—”

His voice splinters up the middle and he tilts his head back. If he makes eye contact with her,
he’s suddenly sure that everything in him will wither and die. So he slides one hand into the
hair at the back of her head and tugs her face into his shoulder, winding himself around her,
knotting his fingers into her hair, wrapping it around his forearms and wrists. He’s not sure if
it’s so she can’t look at him, or because he wants so badly to hang onto her.

Both, probably.

“We thought — we were frickin’ naive,” he breathes out into the air. “We thought we were
gonna live in the High Evolutionary’s paradise – the city that He’d made. But — He got —
mad at me, I think. ‘Cause I out-thought ‘im, and He didn’t like that.” He lets out a trapped,
bitter little chuckle. “An’ when He was pissed, He told me. That we were just—” He shrugs
against her body. “Worthless. Just… failed experiments on His fucked-up road to greatness or
whatever. And He was gonna—“

He breaks off, works his jaw. His mouth feels sour and his stomach is wrenching.

“Don’t move,” he tells her again, voice hoarse and crackling like kindling. “Don’t — you
can’t look at me right now.”

She tilts her head downward and buries her mouth and her nose in the fur of his chest. “My
eyes are closed,” she murmurs, muffled, and Rocket hazards a half-terrified glance down at
her. All he can see is the crown of her head, glossy locks wrapped tight in his fists and
braceleting his wrists.

He swallows, and presses his mouth into her hair gratefully.

“I tried to break us out,” he whispers against her. Each word ripples with shame. “The
keyplate I always carry around…” He trails off, swallows. “But I wasn’t fast enough, Jo. He
killed one of ‘em. Lylla. She stepped out of the cage and it was just us. She hugged me and it
was the first time — the first time she’d been able to hug me. The only person besides Floor
who’d ever been close like that, and not to — not to hurt me. She hugged me and—”

His voice staggers.

— sky —
“She hugged me an’ He shot her.” He carves the words out of his lungs, half-surprised blood
doesn’t bubble into his mouth. “He shot her right in the fuckin’ back.”

He can feel Jo tense under his arms, and then soften. Like she’s trying to keep herself relaxed
and pliant for him, with no sharp edges for him to cut himself on. Trying to be whatever he
needs.

“And I,” he tells her — pauses as his stomach tries to claw up out of his throat, as his lungs
grow tight in his chest. His words are so suffocated that they barely even count as a whisper.
“I frickin’ lost it, Jo. I should’ve gotten the others out but I — I attacked ‘im instead. Mauled
him. And that gave His guards time to get there.” His words are clawing their way out of his
throat now — rushed and ruined, desperate to hit the floor and run. They scrape him raw as
they go, and it feels like his mouth is full of glass and gravel. “They shot Floor and Teefs
while I — frickin’ let myself be distracted, an’ I was the only one — I was the only one who
got away, Jo.” He crushes his mouth against the crown of her head. “And I shouldn’t’ve. I
shouldn’t’ve. Any one of ‘em would’ve been better than me. Would’ve done better.”

He only dares to let the guilty confession squeeze between his teeth because he knows she
knows the feeling. Knows she knows what it’s like to be the one who survives.

She shifts at his words, and he presses her face tighter against him. She makes a muffled,
soothing little sound, and her hands resume their patient stroking over and around his back,
petting long stripes over his flanks.

What are you thinking, sweetheart? he wants to ask, but he knows it’ll be a plea when he says
it.

“I hate that he did that to you,” she whispers at last, into his fur. “I hate that he did that to
them.” Her voice is a hundred soft kisses on all his wounds. “But he did it, Rocket. Not you.”

“I was a frickin’ idiot—”

“You were a baby,” she whispers. “Someone should have been loving you. Taking care of
you. Of all of you.” Her voice wraps around him like a balm, like the softest and gauziest
bandage. “I would’ve loved to have met them, Rocket.”

“Sometimes I think about tryin’ to tell you what they looked like,” he says, and all the words
are bent at the spine, laced through with networks of spider-web cracks. “Sometimes I think
about asking you—”

To paint them. To make a book of them, like you did for me an’ Groot.

“You know I would,” she whispers when he can’t say anything else. “You know I would in a
heartbeat, if you wanted. I’d try.”

He shakes his head above hers. “I got a damn-near holosnap-memory, but I’m no good with
words. I couldn’t do ‘em justice, and I already remember them real frickin’ clear on my
own.”
She breathes against him. “Sometimes it helps, though,” she says softly. “To also have their
memories on something outside of yourself.”

“That’s what the keyplate is for,” he says doggedly, and he feels her press her lips against his
thudding, desperate heart.

“That’s fine,” she soothes. “Just know. If you change your mind. Any time. Ever.”

He tugs his hands from her hair — loosening the way he’s bound her to him, but not giving it
up.

“Close your eyes,” he tells her, and even that sounds like begging. Then he cups her face in
his dark, soft-leather palms, hair still wound around his wrists, and tilts her up toward him.
Her eyes are obediently closed and her mouth is soft and sad, and he presses the side of his
nose reverently to her: against her cheek, under her chin, against her other cheek. His
whiskers flatten and rub against her soft skin as he nuzzles against her. He laps his tongue
gently against the corner of her mouth, then brushes his mouth against each eyelid.

When he’s done, he tucks her face gently against his chest again.

“Jo,” he says, and she waits for what he assumes is forever.

“What is it, baby?” she asks at last.

He tries to make the words happen. How is it harder to say I love you than it is to tell her
about the fuckin’ narcissist who tortured him all his early life, and arguably every frickin’
day since? Who’d killed his family? How is it harder to say I love you than to tell her that he
was responsible for all their deaths?

“Jo.” He grapples with the words. “I — Jo.”

“Hey,” she says softly. Her hands come up tentatively — blindly — and she strokes his
cheeks. “You don’t have to say anything, baby.”

His jaw clenches. “I want—“

His voice crackles at the end.

“Rocket-my-love,” she whispers. “It’s okay.”

“I gotta keep you, Jo,” he spills out raggedy. His breath catches and rips. “I’m sorry I can’t —
but I gotta keep you.”

“I’m yours,” she reminds him softly, winding those arms more tightly around him and pulling
him closer, pushing her body snugly against him. “Keep me forever, Rocket. I’m yours. I
promise. Breathe with me, baby.” She taps the little four counts out on his back, inhaling the
rich scent of him, exhaling it back out.

His lungs strain — then ease. Just a little.
  He can feel her hesitate against him. “Can I tell you some stories?”

  His shoulders soften. His brow softens. He wants to melt into her. Some day. Some day. He
  swears he’s gonna tell her.

  “Yeah, sweetheart,” he murmurs into her hair. “Tell me whatever you want.”

  He thinks it’s maybe gonna be about Gemma. Or some family she’d met, out painting for
  survivors of the Kree or the Black Order or a dozen other small-time despots. But no. He
  should’ve known. Instead, she tells him a story about himself: the way his presence had
  comforted her that night in the cockpit of the Gemma Lynn, the way he’d stared at the stars
  the first time he’d sat in her copilot’s chair. His dedication to liberating his dearest friend
  from the Kyln. The story of the AI pleasure-bot he’d accidentally stolen from the Golden
  Peony, and how she’d known from then on that he was fuckin’ hero and she’d never doubted
  it a goddamn day since. Every tiny detail she’d noticed in the studio he’d made for her. How
  he’d looked to her, bringing her zargnut-crusted moonfish on Conjunction, and how he’d
  looked to her again the next morning — waiting for her smugly with a half-plate of breakfast,
  already taking care of her. The gentleness with which he’d carried his tiny son and tucked
  him into bed. His honoring of Yondu, and the way he’d ensured that their friend was laid to
  rest under the Colors of Ogord. Him, bandaging her scrapes after Knowhere, and saving her
  leg and her life after Asgard, and the look on his face while protecting the citizens of Xandar
  from Ronan. Saving Pete from Ego. Making her watch the transmission from Conjunction.
  Poring over Ronan’s surveillance footage for holovids of Drax and Ovette and Kamaria.
  Building beautiful ships. Building Nebula her own bunk. Building them all a home.

  The begrudging generosity she’s always seen in him, and the way he’s made the galaxy better
  off all around him, everywhere he’s ever gone.

  His eyes grow wet and he falls asleep with tears still soaking his fur, and Jo’s lips still
  whispering little love-stories against the scars on his chest.



Chapter End Notes



    i know there are parts of this don't read smoothly (sorry sorry sorry) but in general i am
    so so so happy with this chapter. drax. (╥﹏╥)

    we have two more chapters to go, which is.... kinda making me cry tbh. i already miss
    these two idiots so much.

    on the happy side we have two new pieces of jo fan art which also makes me cry but out
    of happiness! so sweet!
    these absolutely adorable sketches by @moonnpiie and this jo with the shiniest eyes and
    the "i'm thinking about raccoons sweatshirt" by @frostedwitch♡♡♡♡ seriously. so
    fucking lovely and cute and detail and PERFECT. jo is canonically more hair than
human and i think both of these talented artists captured that perfectly and i'm so
honored i could actually sob

anyway i love you all. you are all perfect. thank you for hanging out with me on this trip
i'm already weepy and homesick for it lol.



Coming Soon: Chapter XXVI. The Other Side of the Window.
in which old friends are reunited.

♡ random shit, chapter/fic-previews, anticipated posting schedules, headcanons and
minifics, & more
♡ jolie arts & the window across the galaxy masterlist
♡ a lil "holiday special" for jo and rocket
                      Chapter 26: The Other Side of the Window.
Chapter Summary




      in which old friends are reunited.



Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   On the mornings after nights built on nightmares — nights when Rocket has spent hours
   haunted, or bitter, or weeping — there’s always something different than usual. If there’s sex,
   Rocket’s touch is lighter: more careful. He makes Jolie come relentlessly, like he’s trying to
   make up for all of his own past hurts by filling her with more bliss than she can bear. There’s
   less teasing, and more ragged reverence. He might not call her names, but if he does, they
   sound holy: slut uttered in the same tone that someone else might say saint. He doesn’t let her
   touch him on those rotations, and he doesn’t come till he’s satisfied that she can’t possibly
   have another orgasm left in her.

   If there isn’t sex, everything is the opposite. He’ll take whatever physical comfort she can
   think to give him: slow, soothing strokes along his back, full-body embraces, comforting
   kisses on his shoulders and face and chest and hands. One morning, as he lies on his stomach
   with his chin resting on folded forearms, she strokes his tail. He closes his eyes, and
   shudders, and melts, so she strokes it again and again, wrapping her fingers around the silky
   appendage and letting it run through her hand like a waterfall, over and over. They lay like
   that for a dozen-dozen minutes. Longer.

   But the nightmares don’t come often anymore. Instead, most mornings are full of laughter or
   stories, and mocking, and tinkering and sketching, and cups of coffee that one of them brings
   down to share.

   And yeah, of course, more sex.

   The Guardians take more jobs, make more units, save more people. Make more art — more
   versions of Rocket, more golden jump-points. Groot grows taller and lankier and somehow
   even moodier. Gamora and Pete grow more transparently in love. They all squabble and tease
   and have fun and fight. And whenever Rocket touches her, Jolie grows more certain that he
   does love her after all, even if he can’t say it.

   It’s another circumrotation before she finally gets the idea she’s been waiting for. She mulls it
   over for a couple cycles and then, one morning, she wakes up to Rocket asleep on top of her
   belly: head between her breasts, tail twitching against the seam of her thighs. She stretches
   beneath him, then winds her arms around him, tucking him in closer. She loves when he
sleeps like this, curled on top of her torso. He’s better than a weighted blanket: fur and
warmth and probably heavier than he should be thanks to all the metal augmenting his
insides, squishing her into the thin mattress in the best possible way, compressing her lungs.
She can feel her heartbeat against him, and smells that musky, woodsy scent he always
carries with him, lanced through with the sharp bite of electricity like a lightning strike.

She could lay here forever.

Eventually he stirs, realizes where he is, and stretches against her in a way that makes her
melt. He yawns, mouth working as he flexes his narrow jaw, waking himself up.

“Morning, baby.”

He mumbles something she can’t quite pick up, rubbing his furred cheek against her breasts.
Rocket is a snuggler: a fact that’s never-ever surprised her, except for the idea that she gets to
be the lucky person he snuggles.

He stretches again, this time uncurling to lay his full length across her vertically - head
pressed into her chest, knees pressing between her thighs till she opens them and she can feel
his dick nudging into her abdomen, . She strokes her hands carefully over his back, fingers
rippling over scar and metal and fur, then runs her fingers through the fur behind his ears and
scratches. A few more moments of comfortable, dozy quiet, and then he shifts.

“Coffee?” he offers raspily. She smiles against the top of his head.

“In a minute,” she agrees, her hands continuing their leisurely stroll over his shoulders and
down his flanks. “I had a question to ask you. A favor, really.”

He snorts, one narrow hand coming up to cup the breast currently in front of his face. Her
nipple hardens immediately. “Don’t gotta keep me in bed to ask me for somethin’,” he tells
her dryly. “We both know I’m a frickin’ pushover for you at this point.” He draws lazy circles
around her areola with his blunted claws, and she can feel him grin against her skin when her
breath hitches. He blows a cool stream of air over her nipple and chuckles when she shivers
and her nipple stiffens further. “There’s my sweet little slut,” he purrs.

Jolie tilts her head back, staring at the ceiling while the faint prickling sensation radiates from
the sensitive skin of her breast.

“You can say no,” she reminds him breathily. “I just wanted to see if you wanted to help me.
With an art project.”

She feels him shift, and now he’s looking up at her. He noses the soft underside of her chin,
warm and light and tickling. She shivers. He knows exactly what he’s doing, of course.

“What project?” he asks, breath stirring against her skin.

She shivers. “I know what I want to do with all the flowers Groot gave me. From before
Xandar.”
He doesn’t say anything for a moment, going still and quiet before huffing another breath
against her throat, carefully rubbing his body over hers. The metal bolts and bars are just a
touch cooler than his fur, sliding against her breasts and belly when he rocks against her,
knees and feet pressing her wide open for him. She feels wetness pool inside her, and when
he reaches down between her legs, he chuckles at how slick she is already.

He doesn’t say anything about her gentle question, and she knows him well enough to guess
that it means he’s thinking about it — though nobody could say what meaning he’s attached
to it at this point.

But later that evening, after dinner, he asks if she wants him to come down to her studio, and
that’s how they spend a few stolen hours every rotation for a cycle and a half: tucked into her
gifted haven, cutting and soldering glass. Rocket has cut glass a million times before, for
more practical or destructive reasons; now she shows him the little honeycomb shapes she
wants to make. Together, with smooth strokes and little taps, they carve out dozens of small
hexagons, stacked in twos.

She shows him how to edge them in foil and flux, and of course he’s a natural. She knows
he’s slowing his pace, either to keep in tandem with her or maybe — she thinks — just
because he enjoys watching her work as much as she enjoys watching him.

Carefully, they press each flat, tissue-thin flower into its own honeycomb prism, locking the
edges of glass together with gold-colored solder. “Like little jump-points,” she murmurs, her
eyes locked on the beads of melted metal. “Windows across all of time and space. To our
friend.”

“Impossible connections made possible,” Rocket muses, and it sounds like he’s reciting
something. “Reach through and maybe grab a handful of hope.”

She hums, delighted. “Exactly. That’s — exactly.” She looks at him curiously. “Did you make
that up?”

He grins sideway up at her, teeth bright and eyes teasing. “Too sappy for me,” he snarks, but
won’t tell her who he’s quoting.

Then she’s attaching each glass hexagon to a fine chain, and together they’re stringing them
onto a satiny wooden branch she’d plucked off a shore on some unnamed planet. Each flower
has become a glass chime on a mobile, and he helps her hang it in their bunk, right under the
air vent. It clinks merrily whenever the system cycles on.

The look on Rocket’s face when it’s done is worth every sliced finger Jolie’s ever gotten in
pursuit of glasswork.

We can’t all be creator-types and artists, he’d snapped at her once, hanging inside a wall full
of cables and cords and pipes. Some of us just like to destroy and ruin things.

She’d never agreed with that sentiment; however, right now, she suspects he’s remembering
it. But there’s nothing ugly here.
There never was.

The first night, the chimes wake them both when the air system comes on, and she expects
him to be annoyed. But he just pets her hair thoughtfully, and sniffles once to let her know
he’s crying. She wraps her arms around him and doesn’t let go, drifting in and out while she
strokes his flanks lovingly, and he tangles his claws in her hair.

The vents filter off, and then he speaks.

“You, uh. You awake?” It’s a soft question, one she could have slept through if she hadn’t
been only dozing.

“Mmhm,” she hums into the midnight darkness. “What is it, love?”

His claws lace through her hair, and he holds a handful of locks up like he can see the strands
even in these shadows, gleaming in his fingers.

“Just — I was thinking.”

“Tell me,” she murmurs sleepily.

He swallows. “Groot always liked you,” he says to the ceiling.

“I liked him too,” Jolie says softly, waking a little more. “He was sweet. So kind.”

“Yeah,” Rocket rasps.

“Gentle.”

“Yeah,” he repeats, his voice hoarse. He clears his throat. “He ‘specially liked you, though. I
told him — in the Kyln. I said you were waiting for us and he got all curious. Asked so many
damn questions. Couldn’t get ‘im to shut up. Who were you? What were you like? How long
had I known you? Did I like you? Did you like me?” He snorts. “Would we get married?”

Jolie lurches awake at that. “Wait—what?”

He snickers into the darkness, but the sound is a little achy, a little uncertain. “Big guy
prob’ly thought — shit. Some mammal is putting up with this little jackass for more than a
cycle? Neither of ‘em airlocked each other yet? Must be love.”

Jolie shifts against him. “What did — oh, you must’ve been so annoyed.” She laughs a little,
but she knows her own voice sounds strained too.

“I was,” he admits. “Groot loved you before he even met you, an’ he kept — he wouldn’t let
up about it. He wanted me and you to—“

Pure delight uncurls inside her. “He shipped us?” Jolie asks. She can feel her eyes twinkling
and curving.

“He—what?”
“It’s a Terran thing,” she says, and even though she’s not one for giggling, she giggles now.
Drums her heels prettily against the bed in glee. “Were we his OTP?”

He stares at her blankly in the darkness. “I don’t know what any of that means.”

She rolls over, half-pinning him to the bed. He lets his eyes go lazy and dark in the shadows.
He could have Jo under him in less than a second, tossed around at his whim, but it’s kinda
cute when she acts like she’s got the upper hand. Mighta bothered him a while ago but now it
just makes him want to make her ride him till she cries.

“It means, he wanted us to be a couple, right?” She grins recklessly, her gaze tracking to the
faint scarlet glimmer of his eyeshine in the dark. She looks so damn pleased. “Did he imagine
we’d be able to overcome all the odds thanks to true love?”

There something light and teasing in her voice — mocking in that gentle, harmless way of
hers. He knows his eyes are going big at her casual use of the term — true love — and for a
second he’s so grateful for her that it aches. So grateful she seems to know without him being
able to say it, no matter how many times he’s tried. Of course, she can’t see him well enough
in the dark to clock his shift in expression — but maybe she feels him tense at her words, or
relax, because she soothes a hand over his shoulder and presses her mouth lingeringly against
the center of his chest, right where his heart thuds against his metal sternum. His low-light
vision can pick out her eyes, so sparkly and pretty and playful in the dark, and her stupid
lopsided smile is so sugardrop-sweet that he just wants to sink his teeth into that lower lip of
hers.

“Yeah,” he says at last, slowly. “I think so. He was—“ He grapples. “You know he kinda
loved everyone. But he thought mammalian relationships — with each other — were…
special, I guess. He kinda always imagined ‘em extra romantical. With you an’ me… it was
even more’n — I never seen him act like that. Constantly telling me to, uh, be extra nice to
you. Flirt with you.”

Jolie feels him shift in the way that she’s come to be certain means he’s blushing under his
fur: the glint of his eyes sidles away from hers, and his shoulders shrug unevenly. He brushes
the back of one hand against the end of his nose. He clears his throat.

“Groot didn’t always get mammal-stuff — I mean, hell, you’ve heard the shit our kid says.”
Rocket scowls. “Doesn’t know what he’s talkin’ about half the time. His dad was almost as
bad. Touch her hair, he’d say. Pet her. I’m sure she wants you to pet her. Do that thing where
you put your mouth on her mouth. She’ll like that. Real stupid stuff.”

Jolie feels her grin shimmer into something softer. She wriggles upward on her forearms so
she can press a kiss just under his metal collarbone.

“Well,” she reasons, “he was right.”

Rocket snorts, and he tucks one hand behind his head and smooths the other up over her
shoulder, skimming his fingers over her delicate throat, cupping the back of her head.
Tugging her face up to his.
“Wish — wish he woulda gotten to see this,” Rocket mutters hoarsely. “Us. Wish he coulda
known I didn’t fuck it up — least not too bad.”

Jolie presses a kiss to the underside of his jaw, then the side of his mouth.

“He knew,” she whispers against him. “He knew you wouldn’t. He knew you deserved every
happiness.”

How does she manage to make everything in him clench tight and melt all at once? He guides
her mouth to his again, hesitates, and then flicks his tongue questioningly against the corner
of her lips. Everything they’ve shared, and he’s never tried this before — put your mouth on
her mouth — not exactly. He’s had to put a lot of thought into the frickin’ mechanics of it.
Jo’s pressed little closed-mouth kisses to his lips, and he’s pushed his mouth into her hair, her
forehead — licked her body everywhere — but he’s seen Gamora and Pete kiss, seen other
humie-types kiss, and he can’t get his mouth to work like that.

But she opens her mouth a little at the feel of his tongue — startled, but eager — and he
passes it over her lower lip, stroking, before pinning it gently with his teeth. Sucking it
gently.

The inside of her mouth tastes different than any other part of her — sweeter, and
surprisingly cool. He can’t believe he hasn’t tasted her here before. There’s none of the salt
that flavors her skin. There’s the ghost of her toothpaste, and the suggestion of clean wet silk.
He bets, after breakfast, she’ll taste like her tea. Rocket slants his head and lets his tongue
flick out, over her lip, then against her tongue too. Flavor’s like frosting, he thinks. Then he
wonders how he tastes, and pulls back — a little uncertain, but not so much that he doesn’t
take advantage of her pretty lip before he goes: teeth clamping lightly, the way she bites it
when she’s thinking. He nibbles again, and finally draws away.

“Oh,” she breathes softly. “That was nice.”

He tilts his head, studying her in the dark. “Yeah?”

She nods. “Yeah. More, please?”

He groans, and licks against the corner of her mouth again, tightening his hand in her hair
and dragging her up to meet him again. Jolie can feel her breasts pressed flat against the fur
of his abdomen.

It’s unhurried: deep in the middle of the sleep rotation, with just a few hours of rest before
they’d woken. The whole Quadrant is hushed and quiet and blue-purple, while Jolie just
makes out with someone for the first time in well over a decade and a half — someone who
just happens to be her perfect raccoon-shaped copilot and boyfriend. The kissing only gets
better as they lazily figure out how to fit tongues and teeth together, and Rocket tastes like
maple sugar and black Indigarran coffee, and something that reminds her of dark chocolate
truffles with orange cream.

It’s languid and decadent and there’s no real goal or intention of having sex, but it happens
anyway: the rhythm of their mouths pulling Jolie further on top of him, her thigh sliding over
his knees to trap his legs between hers, as if she’d stand a chance against his augmented
strength. She can feel the rigid length of him press between her ribs, just under her breasts.

He releases her swollen lip with a pop. “Do me a favor, sweetheart?” he rumbles out.

“Mmhm,” she hums dreamily — her little data-processor noise, but sleepier and even sweeter
than usual.

She feels Rocket huff a breath into her hair.

“Reach down and show me how wet you are right now?”

She flushes, cheeks going rosy and hot in the dark. “I’m—“

“Dip your fingers into that pretty pussy of yours and bring ‘em up here so I can see.”

She bites her lip — glossy and swollen from his nibbles and licks — and slides her hand
down, tucking it into her panties and shivering as her fingers brush against slit. She’s
surprised at how wet she is, and a little shocked noise tumbles up her throat, a tiny little
wildflower blooming in her mouth.

She can see the flash of teeth as he grins.

“A little kissing got you needy, sugardrop? Shoulda tried this sooner. Gimme your fingers.”

She hesitates, and slides them up to him: slick and shimmering in the faint light from under
the door, from the tiny security lights that pin the edges of the floor. Rocket rumbles low in
his throat, and his dark sharp grasp loops around her wrist, tugging her toward his mouth so
he can lick her fingers clean.

“Get up here,” he says darkly. “Slide those ruined panties to the side and climb on my dick,
sweetheart.”

She listens — wriggling upward, breasts gently bumping his cheeks. She moans at the feel of
his slender length splitting the plump, wet folds of her cunt, and Rocket tucks his other hand
behind his head too: pinning them to keep ‘em off her.

It’s laughable, really. The layers they play with. She’s on top of him but so frickin’ obedient,
listening to him like she almost always does — and he guesses if anyone asked her, she’d
blush and say he’s in charge of their relationship, that she just wants him happy, that she’ll do
whatever he asks and be grateful for what he gives her.

But he knows who’s really in charge. Probably everyone but her does.

“Pretty girl,” he mutters from beneath her breasts while she rocks back and forth on him, her
tight little pussy squeezing him, slicking his dick. “Sweet slut. Little Terran pet. Just wants to
be licked and rubbed and kissed, huh?”

He’d do anything she wanted. She’d never even have to ask.
She mews. “Rocket — please?”

Except in certain situations, of course.

“What, sweetheart? Tell me what you want.”

She shudders. “Won’t you — touch me? Please?”

He grins. “‘Course I’ll touch you, princess. Since you asked so pretty.”

He slides one hand from behind his head, pinches her nipple deftly, so quick she gasps and
her hips hitch, thrown off their rhythm. He doesn’t let up, letting his grip grow stronger,
squeezing the vulnerable little nub till she whines.

“‘Course I’ll touch you,” he repeats, his voice low, tinted with something halfway between
playful and sinister. “Not gonna let you go once I get my paws on you, though.”

“R-Rocket,” she whimpers. The pressure on the sensitive tip of her breast runs a lance of
electric buzzing heat over her ribs and tight through her abdomen, and feels like it tugs on her
clit. “Mean.”

“Yeah,” he agrees sympathetically, and pulses his fingers on her nipple tauntingly, rolling it
remorselessly. “So frickin’ mean to my poor, sweet little fuckdoll. Keep riding me, princess.”
Another squeeze. “Faster, little slut. Do your job and make that pretty cunt come all over
me.”

She huffs a breath — helpless, desperate — and rocks against him, sliding up and down his
length. Every movement she makes has him tugging on her nipple, pulling pathetic little
mews and soft whines from her lips.

“Love you,” she whispers between gasping breaths and pants. Her brow is all creased and her
lips are pursed, jaw clenched while she barely hangs on. “Love you, Rocket—“

He groans and slides his other hand out too, reaching between them to find her clit, tickling
the glossy little pearl with two rasping fingers. She chokes and bucks against him, lungs
stuttering, aching for more contact. He gives it to her — hooking leathery fingers against her
— scraping against her insistently when her muscles lock up and squeeze tight and she
arches, her pace faltering and her strokes stuttering.

She melts then — and his hands skim to her hips and he guides her right back into that tight
little rhythm, bouncing her back and forth languidly on his dick. She melts further with every
stroke, just a soft sweet wet warmth enveloping his cock, welcoming him with soft whines
and whispered adorations till the coil in his abdomen tightens everything in his body, right
down to his hands curling into her hips, squeezing his love into her skin through his
fingertips and his blunted claws, knuckles pressing hard into the fat over her flanks. She’s so
tired she can barely raise herself on her elbows but she does, curling at the waist so she can
dip her mouth close to his again, swiping her tongue sweetly, imploringly against one canine.
That’s almost enough to make him come right then. But he holds himself in check with a
guttural growl — lets her nibble his lips and lick her way against his teeth, and when he gets
the chance to nip her — to dip his tongue between her teeth and taste that wet-silk coolness
again — that’s when the gold wire inside him snaps and flares, hot and blinding. He spills
himself inside her, fucking up into her, pressing into her so tight and grinding her down on
his dick, trying to seal her to him and keep all his come inside of her, warm and wet.

After, he pulls her back down on top of him, feeling their shared wetness leak out of her and
trickle into his fur. He wears her body over himself, wrapping her limbs around him the way
he wants them, soaking up the weight and warmth of her like the heaviest, coziest quilt. He
wreathes his fingers lazily back into her hair and scrapes his claws against her scalp, soothing
and stroking. Petting. Her little breaths begin to slow and steady, interrupted only by
mumbled little moans of feels good and thankyou, Rocket. He says nothing — not till the
vents cycle on again, and Groot’s chimes ring softly and faintly overhead in the darkness, and
she’s almost half-asleep.

“You started another new painting of me yet?” he finally asks into the darkness and the
sounds of shimmering glass. His voice is hoarse and more broken than he means it to be.

She shakes her head against him, fur brushing her cheek in the dark. “Not yet,” she murmurs
back. “I have another few projects to finish first. Is that okay?”

“Yeah,” he says quietly, and squeezes his arm around her shoulders, pulling her so snug
against him that she lets out a soft whuff of air, her own flexible ribs no match for his
vibranium-reinforced ones. “Whenever you get to it, though, I gotta request.”

“What?” she asks softly. He can practically feel her ears prick in the darkness, as alert as his
own. He traces his fingers over the curve of her shoulder, then tucks the blanket up over her.

“When you paint me again,” he tells her, “put me on the other side of that jump-point.”

++++

They’re visiting Sakaar, which is always a pain in the ass. Too many wormholes, too much of
a fight to get off the stupid planet, too much political strife. Too many calculations to make
sure you don’t fuck up and accidentally stay there a hundred years, because time’s all screwy.
Too many ties to Kree extremists, like Ronan. Plus, the frickin’ Grandmaster is as creepy as
the Collector, and as likely as his fellow Elder to try to own things that shouldn’t be owned.
At least, that’s Rocket’s hot take.

Still, there are always cool, fucked-up weapons to snatch, steal, or purchase. And he wonders
if he can find something for Jo — maybe a new text. Something more straightforward than
the book about the blue horses, which Rocket still has not been able to figure out. Just
something new for her to read, so she doesn’t have to reread that frickin’ Kree manual or the
trashy Skrull novel again. Or something pretty. Or a new kinda paint. Or maybe just some
kind of weird Terran shit.

Or maybe something that’ll help him fix her stupid black glass. It’s been annoyingly difficult
to get the thing away from her, harder still to crack it open and figure out what’s going on
without her catching him.
He’s pretty frickin’ confident he can fix it, if he just can have some time with it — he’s a
goddamn genius after all — but he’s remains uninterested in giving her false hope.

Now he pauses in his mission — leans back on a bannerpost and watches her. She’s still so
fuckin’ pretty — prettier every day, probably. Currently, she’s trying to barter for some kind
of hot sauce to take back to Kraglin — she hates haggling and she’s bad at it, but it’s
Sakaaran tradition and she can get around it a little by trying to trade her services as an
artisan. But she’s not giving up — not when a single bottle of Kraglin’s obscure favorite hot
sauce is on the line, apparently.

Meanwhile, Groot leans against a second post and loses himself in another game. The kid has
a eternally-surly scowl on his face at this point, Rocket thinks dryly. Which is maybe the
result of being parented by Rocket himself, if he’s being honest. Perpetual glowering might
run in the adopted family, at least on his side.

Before Rocket can mull over familial scowls any further, though, his ears twitch and swivel,
caught by a familiar word whispered by nearby gossipping Sakaarans. The Grandmaster has
new pets in his arena. Something renowned: giant, and green; something pretty: godlike and
golden from Asgard. The grandmaster has a new advisor: dark and slender — fey, sly.

Rocket nudges Jolie, gesturing to the people just off to their left and tilting his ears in their
direction. She picks up his cue and grows quiet in her bartering, dropping her tone so he can
eavesdrop more easily with his more-sensitive hearing.

She gets her hot sauce and he taps her elbow, subtly directing her to a pile of old ship scrap
where they can sit side by side and he can reach her ears more discreetly.

Groot’s got selective hearing these days, though, so he has to snap, “Groot, c’mon,” before he
can get the adolescent Flora Colossus to look up from his game.

“I am Groot,” their son sulks, trudging after them and throwing himself onto a makeshift seat.

“I think Thor’s here,” Rocket tells Jo under his breath. “Maybe the sneaky bastard, too.”

“Loki?” she murmurs back.

“Yeah, that jackass. They might be in trouble. Or Thor might be, anyway.”

“We should probably get the others,” she muses quietly.

“Lemme see what else I can find out, first. Stay with Groot?”

“I am Groot.”

Rocket glowers and Jolie bites back a grin.

“Watch your mouth, Big Guy,” Rocket snaps back sharply. “Just wait here.”

“I am Groot.”
“Don’t be like that,” Jo says, still trying not to grin. “I promise I’ll be as un-annoying as
possible.”

Groot’s eyes flick up, then back to his screen. “I am Groot,” he mumbles at last,
begrudgingly, and Rocket sighs in exhaustion.

“Unbelievable,” he mutters under his breath. Then, louder, “I’ll be back in a minute.” He
squeezes Jolie’s knee as he leaps down, then drifts away, letting himself get lost and
overlooked in the crowds.

It doesn’t take long to make the connection between the renowned green champion and the
painted banners he’s seen flying at various locations throughout the city. After discreetly
scaling a tentpole and leaping from canopy to canopy, he finds a small group of scrappers
placing hushed side-bets on an event tonight.

“The Champion will almost certainly win,” one says. “The fact that the God of Thunder beat
him a few times was just luck.”

Another snorts. “Please. The Champion is strong, but the God is smart. Or at least, smarter
than the Champion. The Grandmaster’s had ‘em fighting for cycles now, and every time, the
God learns a little more about the Champion’s weaknesses.”

“Well, it won’t really matter who’s the best,” a third adds. “All that matters is who wins
tonight. It only takes a little good luck to win — or a little bad luck to die.”

“They seem to like each other though,” the second one points out. “The God said they were
friends.”

“Yeah, but no-one is such a good friend that I wouldn’t kill ‘em to save myself,” the first
points out, and the other two — presumably her friends themselves — nod in agreement.
“Not that they’ll even have to. The Grandmaster says that whoever loses’ll be executed.”

“You don’t really believe that?” the third one interjects. “The Grandmaster likes to keep his
toys. And they’re good entertainment.”

“Yeah,” the first one says darkly, “but if your strongest two toys start being friends, who’s to
say they won’t turn against you?” She lowers her voice. “The Grandmaster isn’t stupid.
He’s… you know. But he isn’t stupid. He makes the strong fight for a reason, and it’s not just
entertainment.” Her eyes dart everywhere, and if Rocket wasn’t hidden atop a kiosk canopy,
he knows she probably wouldn’t keep talking. “If there are people who might be strong
enough or smart enough to dethrone you, pit ‘em against each other.”

Both of the other scrappers look spooked by her words, glancing around to make sure she
hasn’t been overheard.

“Watch it, 237,” the third one says shortly, and then they’re back to their wagers.

He makes his way back to Jo and Groot, but before he can say anything to them, Groot lifts
his head from his game like he’s been waiting for his father’s return the whole time. His face
twists into a scowl.

“I am Groot. I am Groot.”

Rocket blinks, then rolls his eyes. “Seriously?”

“I am Groot.”

Jo shrugs and smiles lopsidedly. “Is it that surprising?” She nods with her chin to the two
dark-haired women standing a few yards away: one who’s clearly a warrior in scrapper’s
clothes, and the other draped in a hooded cloak, willowy and pale. “I made friends.”

++++

On the way back to the Fleetwood, Rocket leaps delicately up onto Jo’s back, the same way
he would if he was checking her aim. Her soft body gives a little as she finds her balance
with him, and he holds himself carefully aloft and curves his back so he can press the side of
his nose against her temple.

“That lady —in the hood?” he murmurs in her ear, so low he’s afraid she won’t be able to
decipher his words. “Smells like the shitbag-brother.”

Jo offers up one quick, subtle nod. “Mmhm. Thought so. Not the smelling part. Just — she’s
got the vibe.”

He snorts softly. “You still think we take ‘em to the ship?”

She shrugs with the shoulder that’s shielded from their two new companion’s eyes. Groot
continues to keep his head ducked over his game, but his eyes are shifting sideways to his
parents, taking in the conversation.

“We know, at least,” she murmurs, so softly that Rocket doubts anyone but him could hear it,
sensitive ears swiveling right above her head.

“You think that gives us an advantage?” He mutters skeptically, tilting his cheek against her.

Another little shrug. “Never tried to hurt us,” she reminds him, keeping her sentences short
and hushed.

“First time for everything,” he grumbles back. He doesn’t get down though — rides with his
belly and chest pressed against her spine like he had that night in Conjunction, teeth pressed
to the side of her throat, hand curled around her shoulder.

Pressed close, and guarding her back.

Safely on the Fleetwood, Scrapper 142 reintroduces herself as Val, and asks them once again
to trust that she is here on Thor’s behalf before gesturing to her companion. Sure enough, the
pale woman’s visage melts away, and it’s Loki underneath.
“Knew we shouldn’t’ve brought ‘em back here,” Rocket says with a dramatic sigh, as if he
hadn’t guessed. “Now we gotta kill ‘em.”

“I’m on your side!” Loki protests immediately. “Or rather, you’re on my side!”

“And what side is that?” Gamora asks evenly, one eyebrow quirked.

“Thor’s side,” the trickster reasons. “The side of….love. And justice. And — puppies. Or
whatever.”

Mantis steps forward and, without waiting for Loki to react, slaps her palm against his
forehead. For a moment, the prince just blinks, stupefied by her audacity.

“He is being honest, though it is uncomfortable for him,” Mantis says softly, stepping away.
“And he cares less for what is good in general, and more for saving his brother and himself.”

“Very rude,” Loki tells her primly, but Rocket’s tension eases, just a little. Looking around
the circle, he’s pretty sure the rest of the Guardians feel the same way.

“Thanks, Mant,” he says begrudgingly, and turns his eyes back toward Val.

“Thor arrived here about two cycles ago,” Val explains. “We picked him up immediately and
turned him into the Grandmaster, and he was made into a gladiator. For better or worse, the
Grandmaster’s current Champion happened to be someone he knew. Hulk. From Terra.”

“Another frickin’ Terran?” Rocket interjects, dismayed. He glowers at Jo. “You guys are like
the cockroaches of the galaxy.”

“I resent that,” says Quill.

Jo just nods, face solemn and eyes twinkling at Rocket.

“Tch,” is the only response he has to that, turning back to the two Asgardians. “Go on.”

“We almost got out with the ship that Hulk flew in on,” Val explains. “But Hulk and Thor
were captured again and their guard is stronger than ever.”

“But you weren’t caught?” Gamora asks skeptically.

“I got away,” Val says quietly, then cuts her eyes at Loki. “And he wasn’t fully committed at
the time.”

“I had to ensure I had plausible deniability,” Loki interjects mildly. “How would I be any
help at all if I was also locked up? Or…melted?”

“Melted?” Rocket repeats. “There’s a chance of being melted?”

“Their near-escape is why the Grandmaster is ordering the execution of one of them tonight,”
Val goes on. “When Loki saw the Guardians of the Galaxy on the approved list for arrivals
and departures, he reached out to me and said you might be able to help.” She hesitates.
“There’s more.”

“Not this again,” Loki mutters, rolling his eyes.

“Can we go back to talking about the whole being melted thing?” Rockets interrupts.
“Nobody answers the important frickin’ questions around here.”

“Asgard is in danger,” Val says. “Its people are essentially refugees with nowhere to go. They
need safe passage and sanctuary. Hulk — well, Banner — it’s complicated—”

“Hulk and Bruce Banner are essentially two different manifestations of the same person,”
Loki interrupts. “Or something. It doesn’t matter. For our purposes, they’re the same
annoying mortal.”

“Banner says he can likely work with the other Avengers on Terra to advocate for refuge for
Asgardians. Thor said that before Odin’s death, the Allfather—“

“Odin’s gone?” Jo gasps. Rocket’s pretty sure she never actually met the man, but he
supposes she’s been closer to the Asgardian royal family than anyone else in their crew. He
watches as her eyes scrape Val, then Loki. “I—” she hesitates.

“We don’t need to share grief,” Loki says briskly. “We don’t need to do anything, frankly,
other than get off this terrible little planet. Going back to Asgard at this point is suicide. Our
sister—”

“I’m so freaking confused,” Pete mutters.

“Sorry,” Val acknowledges. “Thor’s and Loki’s sister, Hela, was imprisoned, and her
imprisonment was tied to Odin’s life. When he passed, she broke free, and she’s drawing…
so much power from Asgard. The people are trying to flee, but they have nowhere to go —
except, perhaps, Terra. If they bear us good will, which Thor believes they will, based on his
service in protecting their planet. The Allfather had been exiled to a place called Norway
years ago—“

“Oh, he wasn’t exiled,” Loki interjects, rolling his eyes. His eyes skim the Guardians.
“Everyone’s so dramatic. I sent him there — on a nice retreat — before I saw you all last. In
fact, it was so nice that when Thor left Xandar after the battle for the power stone, the old
man refused to come home. He stayed on Terra — of his own accord — for years until his
recent passing.”

“Okay,” Jo says. “So we need to get the four of you off Sakaar, and then we need to get to
Asgard and… what? Smuggle out as many people as we can?”

“Or just get us off Sakaar,” Loki suggests.

“That’s the hope,” Val tells her, cutting another glare at her current partner-in-crime.

“We’re far,” Rocket warns. “The best jump from here still puts us something like five cycles
from Asgard, and that’s constantly pushing the jump-points.”
Val grimaces, and Loki nods. “Exactly,” the younger Odinsson says. “One more reason
Thor’s plan to go to Asgard is a problem.”

“The Devil’s Anus,” Val says, wincing. “He wants us to use the Devil’s Anus.”

“The what?” Pete says.

“No way,” Rocket says immediately. “I’m not putting my ship through that frickin’ thing.”

“Again — the what?” Pete asks.

“How’ve you been on this planet multiple times and you don’t know what the Devil’s Anus
is?” Rocket snaps.

“It’s a fucked-up jump-point,” Jo says. At some point over the years, she’s given up on
purging the curse-words from her vocabulary. Besides, some of the things Groot’s added to
his lexicon are even beyond her comprehension. “It collided with a collapsing star, and now
it’s essentially like — a monster-jump.”

“We need a ship that can withstand the — I don’t know. Banner said there’s some kind of
strain from the singularity,” Val explains.

“Geodetic,” Rocket supplies immediately. “The geodetic strain.”

“That’s it,” Val agrees, nodding. “And an offline power steering system?”

“We have that, but I’m still not pitching us into the Devil’s Anus,” Rocket tells her. “No way.
I’ve put too much time into this ship. I don’t need to lose parts of it to temporal anomalies or
failed reconstitution – and a jump like that is gonna have those.”

“We have to help,” Pete interjects.

“And we can help,” Rocket shoots back. “But we don’t gotta be frickin’ reckless about it, you
idiots.”

“Finally, a reasonable person,” Loki agrees — and Rocket feels his hackles raise. He slowly
drags his eyes from Pete and stares flatly at the younger Odinsson.

The silence prickles over the entire group as they watch Rocket stare at Loki, his gaze
withering.

And then he says only, “Nope.”

In another lifetime, he might have called them all morons. He might’ve raged, and kicked the
couch again.

But hey, maybe he’s grown as a person. Maybe his moral compass is slightly less fucked. Or
maybe he just doesn’t want to be on the same frickin’ page as Loki.

So Rocket sighs, and scratches the back of his neck, and grumbles.
  “Guess we’re going through the frickin’ Devil’s Anus.”

  And so this is how Rocket finds himself sitting behind the flight controls of the Fleetwood,
  with Jolie next to him and Groot sprawled in the chair behind, playing games. So far the best
  part of this damn trip has been listening to his son ridicule Loki. The second prince of Asgard
  apparently understands enough of Groot’s speech to be insulted, while simultaneously trying
  to pretend he isn’t being humiliated by the Flora Colossus equivalent of a moody teenager.

  For now, though, all is quiet, as Loki is currently juggling a number of illusions, and readying
  even more. Currently, the Grandmaster thinks that Loki is beside him in the arena, and that
  the Fleetwood itself is just another heap of scrap and junk outside the arena walls.

  Then the explosion happens — a neat hole blown into the wall, courtesy of the bombs that
  Rocket had loaded their companions up with. People are already pouring out: a gladiator
  uprising, the charge led by a Kronan carrying an insectoid Sakaaran on his back. “Peace-
  keeping” ships buzz up out of the city, flocking to the stadium like bitterbugs.

  “Now,” Loki says suddenly, and Rocket hits the thrusters, throwing the Fleetwood forward
  and skidding around the outer curve of the arena wall while Jolie and Groot lurch to their feet
  and head to the docking bay. The two of them drop the ramp just in time for Rocket to ease
  up on the thrusters. He doesn’t stop the Fleetwood – just slows enough that Gamora and
  Valkyrie can leap onto the open docking ramp, the latter dragging a pale, haggard-looking
  Terran man with her. Screens from the ramp show him that Jolie is reaching for Mantis and
  hauling her up as well, while Drax bounds up behind them. And finally: Thor, cradling an
  unconscious Pete in his arms.

  Rocket’s heart leaps into his mouth and he curses. “Close up!” he shouts, but Groot’s already
  on it, hitting the panel to draw the ramp up and seal it. Thor is resting Pete on the couch, and
  Jo’s moving toward her adopted brother quickly, checking vitals while Gamora grabs a med-
  pack from the nearby locker and rushes toward them.

  “We still got the glamour?” Rocket demands, and Loki nods, white-faced. If all is going well,
  the Grandmaster should think his two Champions are still in the ring - a hand and a foot
  sticking out of the rubble. Any patrols still out should see nothing in the sky but a swift-
  moving cloud, making its way into the Devil’s Anus.

  The Fleetwood begins to rattle, lights flickering as it approaches the monstrous jump-point.

  “Brace yourselves, morons!” Rocket roars.



Chapter End Notes



    a note about jump-points! (we had a fun discussion on tumblr about them!). in the mcu
    they are described as being part of the Universal Neural Teleportation Network (UNTN),
    but they are also described as being made up of a network of wormholes (they don’t
    look to me the way I imagine either of these things looking but I have not yet traveled
by either means). now i’m just a lowly fanfic writer and not even a little bit of a
physicist but my understanding is that teleportation is the instantaneous transportation of
energy and matter (and the information about how they fit together) without having to
cross physical space — a process. but wormholes are bridges across two points in
space/time — structural. one seems to me like a thing that can be mobilized, and the
other seems like a thing that can be built? (at least hypothetically) maybe there’s some
overlap (or way to overlap both to make real-life application possible someday lol) but i
don’t think they’re the same.

so. i’ve sort of married the two concepts for our lil story. when i reference reconstitution
after going through a jump, that’s about teleportation and the breaking-down and
putting-back-together of energy/matter/information (maybe why our friends were
experienced such distortion when they tried to make 700 jumps). but visuals in the mcu
do seem to make jump points kinda look like wormholes so i’m also talking about wear-
and-tear of just – wormhole travel. i mean it looks mostly-smooth but it seems like
there’s a sort of pop (reconstitution? temporal turbulence? atmospheric displacement?
who knows. someone probably) — and it does seem like they generally “prepare” for
the jump based on how they talk about them.

SO this is the model i’m using for now. :) outside of this context i AM happy to talk
about other theories related to how jump-points work (‘cause it’s fun)

oh also, i know i’m playing fast-and-loose with loki’s illusion abilities but we’re also
(again) talking about teleportation and wormholes and talking raccoons who fuck
extremely well so let’s just suspend our disbelief a little



friends. friends. the last chapter is coming and. i have so many feelings. i really
hope it feels like as satisfying an ending for you as it does for me. i also know it is
going to leave some threads unsewn just because we all know what’s coming “next”
after our story ends. maybe i’ll come back someday and write a sequel or a handful
of oneshots to follow up on our friends but as of .... 2/6 I think? their story will be
concluded. ♡♡♡ i will cry. i will. i am already. thank you so much for being part
of this with me, and for all your support and kindness. it has meant the whole
galaxy to me.



Coming Soon: Chapter XXVII. The Most Beautiful Thing In My House.
in which our heroes get what they deserve.

♡ random shit, chapter/fic-previews, anticipated posting schedules, headcanons and
minifics, & more
♡ jolie arts & the window across the galaxy masterlist
♡ a lil "holiday special" for jo and rocket
            Chapter 27: The Most Beautiful Thing In My House.
Chapter Summary




      in which our heroes get what they deserve.



Chapter Notes



      a little light bondage in this chapter. plus a few things i’m playing fast and loose with
      this chapter:

      as previously mentioned, i’ve married teleportation & wormholes to describe practical
      travel through the Universal Neural Teleportation Network (UNTN). check the note on
      the previous chapter if you want more detail!

      again, i’m probably overpowering loki’s illusion abilities.

      finally, i’m taking some creative liberties with how much information tony knows about
      what is going on with the time stones, though i assume thor shared some info with him
      after receiving his vision in age of ultron. tony’s probably got surveillance drones all
      over nyc and beyond so i also assume he’s got intel on the other characters mentioned
      here.

      NOW. final chapter. i’m not crying (i am very crying)


See the end of the chapter for more notes



   When Rocket wakes up, the sky is calm and blue and star-studded, and he can hear his family
   shifting behind him. He shakes the sound of exploding stars out of his head, and his mind
   immediately goes to Jo and Groot. He twists in the pilot’s seat, so fast that his spine crackles,
   and casts his eyes around like frantic red fireflies.

   Everyone but Pete and Loki are spilled on the floor, and for a moment, every bone in
   Rocket’s body is brittle and sharp, so heavy he’s pinned and stabbed by gravity itself. It’s the
   first time in ages that he’s found himself trapped back in the room of cages, Lylla and Teefs
   and Floor dead on the ground. He’s not prepared for the way it sucks the breath out of his
   lungs, for the way that black hole behind his sternum — dormant for so frickin’ long —
   suddenly becomes active again: empty and pulling, crumpling his whole damaged and
   fucked-up body into it.
Jo is stirring, and so is Groot — and Thor, and Loki in the chair behind him. But for just a
moment — for just a moment — Rocket can’t see any of that, and he tries to breathe but
nothing fits in his crumpled-up lungs.

It’s surreal: some distant part of his brain registers Jolie’s eyes opening, seeking his like it’s
an instinct she’s had her whole life. He can see the relief in her features when she realizes
he’s okay — and then the flooding concern when she realizes he’s really, really not. She
staggers to her feet and stumbles toward him immediately, sinking into the chair half-on-top
of him, squeezing him back into his body. Her arms wrap around him and she taps his
shoulder: one, two, three, four, breathing deeply for him, steadying him.

“Groot’s fine,” she whispers into his downturned ear, flattened tight and protective against his
skull. “I’m fine. Pete’s gonna be fine. Gamora’s fine. Drax is fine and Mantis is fine and Thor
is fine. Everyone’s okay.”

Loki clears his throat. “I am also fine.”

Rocket can feel Jolie lift her head and look at the younger Odinsson. There’s a pause and
Rocket just knows she’s telling Loki something with her stupid-soft eyes, and then she says,
“Loki’s fine, too. Uhm, and Banner. Banner’s fine. And Val. Everyone’s okay. Everyone.”

Mantis is leaning over Pete, helping him sit up, and Gamora is getting him water. Thor is
already advancing onto the flight deck.

“There is the Quadrant,” the older Asgardian says, nodding to the starboard side. “It looks as
if your friend was able to meet us after all. Korg and Miek will take the Statesman into the
Anus, and they will be here soon. And then maybe we can get all of the Asgardians to
safety.”

Rocket breathes deep, and climbs around Jolie. She starts to move — to give him room —
and he reaches down and pinches her thigh sharply in the way that means stay here.

You said you’d stay.

You said, if I wanted you to return the favor, you’d stay.

She goes still and he clambors over her, shoving her more squarely into the seat and planting
himself firmly in her lap and not letting her up. This is where she fuckin’ belongs: tucked
safely underneath him. He grips the thrusters and shifts the Fleetwood, and there — out the
portside window — he sees the suspended jewel of Asgard, cascading crystalline waters into
the void of space.

“Let’s go save some morons,” he grunts, and follows Thor’s careful directions. Jolie murmurs
something to Groot, and the kid disappears for a moment, listening to her for probably the
first time in at least a couple-dozen cycles. He’s bringing back cups of water — one for
Rocket, one for Thor, and one for Loki.

“Drink up,” he hears her tell the younger Odinsson gently. “We still need you.”
There’s quiet from behind him, which might be another first, and then he hears Loki set aside
his cup.

“Thank you,” the trickster says quietly. “Now — let’s see about getting this illusion back up.”

Once Rocket’s assured that the Fleetwood is just another puff of cloud in the Asgardian sky,
he lets them float down to the shore. Thor’s hand falls heavily on his shoulder, and when he
glances up, he can see the god’s eyes burning gold.

“Heimdall sees us,” Thor says. “We’ll meet them in the mountains.”

Rocket doesn’t waste time landing — he hovers, letting Gamora and Drax drop the docking
ramp again. Asgardians flock in, tucking in tight, and the Fleetwood bobs under the sudden
added weight. Then the airlock closes, and Rocket’s shuttling them up into the sky, through
the exosphere, out into space. He can hear the frightened murmurs, and Mantis moving
between them, offering comfort to anyone who wants their hearts and minds quieted.

Jolie, still pinned to the chair beneath him, reaches out to tap the screens and flick the dials
for comms. “Hey Krags. Incoming.”

The transmission crackles, and Kraglin’s voice returns to them. “Roger that, Earthgirl. Ready
and waiting.”

They lock into the docking bay, and the first fleet of Asgardian civilians flood into the
Quadrant.

“Rocket,” Jo says, tapping another screen. “Look at this.”

Val’s there, leaning over their shoulder. “That has to be Hela,” she says. “She’s coming for
them.”

“Drop me off at the palace,” Thor suggests. “I can distract her.”

“No way,” Rocket says firmly, and he can feel Jo shaking her head behind him.

“We can’t redirect our flight path right now,” she agrees. “If we get caught in the fight, that’s
even fewer Asgardians who get to safety.”

“The pod,” Pete offers, his voice still strained from whatever injury he’d sustained on Sakaar.
He’s wincing and holding his abdomen as he comes onto the fight deck. “I can take him
down in the Mac, then meet you in the mountains.”

“No,” Gamora intervenes. “I’ll do it. You’re barely breathing yet.”

Pete looks like he wants to protest, but Rocket’s guessing everyone else on the flight deck is
giving Star-Lord a Look, because any refusal dies in his throat as he sinks into the vacant
copilot’s seat next to Rocket and Jo.

Thor turns, and he and Gamora head toward the Mac’s docking bay.
“Undocking, Krags,” Jo says into comms. “We’re making another run. Gamora and Thor are
making a sidestop. We’ll be back with more soon.”

Just above the exosphere, the Mac undocks, and soon Rocket’s maneuvering the Fleetwood
back down to the mountains.

“You okay, Loki?” Jo’s murmuring, her words a quiet cloud of softness, and all the strength
she can lend through the sound of her voice.

“Peachy,” the trickster says from behind him. His voice sounds strained, words forced
through gritted teeth.

“You need anything?”

“For you to shut up?” the prince snaps, and Rocket’s half-whirling to snarl at the little shit
before Jo eases a calming hand along the back of his neck, massaging the fur at the base of
his skull.

“He’s just exhausted,” she says softly into his ear.

“No excuse,” Rocket seethes, but he keeps his eye on the armored glass, scanning the skies
for any hint that Hela might be on her way.

Another trip, and another. At some point, they start hearing explosions on the horizon.
Gamora’s waiting for them near the Quadrant on their fourth trip.

“How we lookin’, Krags?” Jolie’s asking, one forearm draped lightly around Rocket’s waist
as she leans forward to speak into the comms.

“Maybe got room for one more group,” Kraglin replies, transmission fuzzing out briefly.
Whatever’s happening on Asgard’s surface, it’s impacting comms even up here.

“Keep a lookout for the Statesman,” Jolie reminds him. “I’m not sure when they’ll show, or
how good they’ll be at navigating the Devil’s Anus. Stay clear.”

“Got it, Earthgirl.”

The fighting is much closer when they come down again, and it’s clear that Hela has wised
up to their presence, because a few blasts come dangerously close to their little diaphanous
cloud of glamour. Rocket grits his teeth, and drops his left hand to squeeze Jo’s thigh while at
the same time throttling forward. No point in being discreet anymore.

They rush the last few Asgardians they can fit onto the Fleetwood, and Rocket hears Mantis
telling them that another ship will be back soon — but he knows it’s probably killing the
dark-eyed empath to leave them behind.

Which means it’s killing Jo too. Jo, who has such a frickin’ complex about abandoning
people. He can feel it in the tension of her body beneath him, the way she tries to pin her
shoulders back away from him. When she cries, her shoulders shake sometimes, and it’s
maybe her biggest tell. He can hear her heart doing that extra heavy thudding that means
she’s trying to wrestle down any little noises of protest that want to claw their way up her ribs
and out her mouth, and he thinks her fingers are trembling on his waist.

He grits his teeth. He’s gonna make it all up to her later, he promises himself. He’ll wrap her
up and make her forget any misplaced guilt she’s carrying.

Make her cry for completely different reasons.

They dock, and the final group of Asgardians shuffles onto the Quadrant. Their reactions are
all over the board: relieved, tearful, celebratory, grieving. Rocket watches them like he’s a
hundred jump-points away. A dozen-million lightyears. More.

He sighs, and waits. Doesn’t move, just in case they need to go back down — grab Thor,
maybe. Plus, there’s so many frickin’ strangers on the Quadrant — he might just stay here
till they offload ‘em on Terra, nice and safe in their temp bunks on the Fleetwood.

“Hey,” he says, half-turning to talk to Jo. “D’you think we can—”

There’s a soft whoosh — no popping, because there’s no real atmosphere to displace — and
an enormous ship suddenly flares into existence behind the Quadrant.

“Holy orloni, that was close,” Kraglin utters over comms.

“Greetings, new friends,” a surprisingly mellow voice rumbles over comms. “This is Korg
with the, uh, Revolution. Reporting for duty.”

Jo leans forward, breasts against Rocket’s back, to speak into comms again. “Hey Korg, this
is Jolie with the Fleetwood, currently docked on the Third Quadrant. Things are getting
pretty messy planetside. Give us just a sec.”

“Should we stay?” Drax asks, re-entering the flightdeck from where he’d been ushering off
the last few Asgardians. “We can help our friend fight.”

“We need to get these folks to Terra,” Pete speaks up, his voice regretful. He’s still slouched
in the copilot’s seat. “We don’t have the luxury of staying and fighting — we have to protect
these lives. And if Hela wins — we can’t have them all waiting here for her, packaged up like
a present.”

“I’m staying,” Loki says suddenly, his voice thready.

Rocket can feel the surprise flicker through him. “You?” he asks, and it’s more rude than he
intended.

“I’m staying with my brother,” the prince repeats, distaste evident in his voice. “Your people
should remain together, with ours, until you can get them to safety.”

“I can fly Loki over to the Statesman with the Mac,” Gamora offers, and Rocket can see in
his periphery that the younger Odinsson is standing now, shaking out his limbs.
Jo nods, and leans forward again. “Korg? We’re sending over Loki. We recommend you
getting down there as soon as you’ve got him. There are refugees waiting.” She hesitates.
“I’ll send you the coordinates for Terra. Send us a transmission when you’re safe. We’ll be
waiting for you.”

++++

It takes less than a rotation for them to receive a transmission from the Statesman. There have
been some injuries — Thor, it seems, has lost an eye — but otherwise, everyone is safe and
healthy and hopeful, and on their way to Terra. The Statesman is an old boat, though, and
meant more for the Grandmaster to show off than to make good time. It had originally been
outfitted with classic Neural Teleportation Network travel capabilities: a classic UNTN
powertrain and an appropriate veneer to the heat-resistant tiles on the hull, to minimize wear-
and-tear in temporal turbulence and enable exponentially-more positive outcomes in terms of
reconstitution. But over the scores of circumrotations, the Statesman has essentially become
the Grandmaster’s parade float: intended only for planetside-use on Sakaar. It had only taken
a few moments — thankfully, before any new jumps were attempted — for the Asgardians to
figure out that about half the veneer had been too deteriorated to survive the Anus: dissolving
somewhere inside the wormhole in little flakes of broken quantum information, lost to
whatever lies inside the bridges.

The powertrain isn’t exactly in reliable condition anymore, either.

Rocket tsks. “Coulda fixed it, f’I was there,” he mutters. “Don’t wanna make a jump and get
frickin’ stuck in pieces.”

“It doesn’t matter,” Jolie reminds him. “Unless you also know how to recreate the veneer?”
At this point, she wouldn’t put anything past him.

He scowls. “Could, if they had the materials,” he says reluctantly. “But I can’t imagine that
they do. And yeah, without that—”

“Shit likelihood of reconstitution,” Jolie says softly, staring out at the stars.

Which means it’ll take the Statesman probably something like three quarters of a
circumrotation to reach Terra — around four dozen cycles, or eleven months in Terran-time
— and the Asgardians are low on rations and medical supplies. Even with this new hiccup,
Rocket lets out a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding: tension draining out of his
shoulders for the first time since they’d learned that their Asgardian friend was a captive on
Sakaar.

“We could drop the Asgardians off on Terra, if you think they’ll be safe,” Gamora says. Pete
sort of shrugs helplessly, but Banner nods.

“Yeah, if I can get a message to Tony a day or two before we land, I think we’ll be fine.”

“Then we can pick up some supplies and rations and head back to the Statesman,” Jolie
notes. “How much do they currently have?”
“Sounds like maybe three or four cycles’ worth,” Rocket says grudgingly. “But we can get to
Terra pretty comfortably in a few rotations. Then head back out — pick up some stuff for
repairs, too. Get the refugees on the Statesman taken care of while I get their damn ship fixed
up enough to survive the jumps.”

“You can do the veneer, too?” Pete asks, eyes wide. “You’re a freakin’ genius, Rocket.”

Rocket snorts. “We can pick up everything we need for me to patch it. I’ll get enough to re-
coat the whole damn ship if I gotta. It’s not like we won’t use any leftovers eventually.” He
tilts his head consideringly. “Plus — tell Thor I got somethin’ that might help with that eye
situation,” he adds.

“All together, I think that should put us back to the Statesman in a cycle-and-a-half, don’t you
think?” Jo asks, typing in various coordinates. “That should be good, right? We could even
send the Fleetwood ahead if we need to—”

“Won’t be worth anything without the supplies,” Rocket interjects sharply. “Plus, we
promised the little princes we’d stay with their people till we were sure they were safe.” He
softens, because he knows this is Jo trying to weigh out who she thinks is being more
abandoned in this situation. “Nah. We stick together, sweetheart.”

The trip to Terra is long enough, even for being only a few rotations. And cramped. Rocket’s
never been packed in so tight, with so many humies. Not even in prison. The Asgardians treat
him like he’s some sort of hero, and it’s frickin’ weird, so he really tries to limit his
meandering to-and-from the flightdeck. He’s not used to anyone but Jo treating him like this.
The Guardians don’t hang around on planets they save, and Rocket’s never exactly been the
most sociable of the group. He ain’t a diplomat like Jo and Gams, and he isn’t some kind of
pretty-boy like Quill. He isn’t even all weirdly-endearing like Drax and Kraglin and Mantis
somehow manage to be. He’s a frickin’ lowlife, a prison-escapee, a degenerate and a thief, a
bounty-hunter, a con-artist, a cobbled-together thing, a medley of mistakes — a litany of ugly
things. But here are all these fancy Asgardians in their sweeping cloaks: a little frazzled and a
little frayed, but still godlike even as they flee their fuckin’ home-planet — and they’re all
thanking him profusely, talking to him like he’s someone to be respected—

It’s fuckin’ uncomfortable.

Although to be honest, Rocket hasn’t felt like most of those ugly things in a while. That’s Jo’s
doing, he supposes. Jo, whispering to him about how he makes beautiful things, about how
he’s a pilot and a captain and a weaponsmith and a shipwright. A father, and a friend, and the
love of her fuckin’ life. Jo, who puts her mouth all over his body like he’s something she
wants to treasure.

Pretty, perfect, warm Jo.

And if it weren’t for her right now, gently herding away the extra Asgardians, he’d be losing
his goddamn mind.

He stays on the flight deck with Kraglin and Pete, or in his bunk with Jo, or he hides away on
the Fleetwood. He’s never had an interest in going to Terra — frankly, it seems like a shit-
place, based on what he’s heard — but now he can’t get there fast enough.

Pete and Jo feel differently though. He can tell by how frickin’ cranky Pete’s been lately,
snapping over the smallest shit. And Jo looks — tired, like she’s dreading what’s coming.
Every hour closer to Terra is an hour that she curls further inside herself, and Rocket watches
her with his heart in his throat. She’s starting to look like she did that night he snarled at her
over the Sovereign rum: ghost-pale and tight-jawed, with big, haunted eyes. Jumpy, too.
Gnawing her lip swollen, worse than he’s watched her go at it before. He catches her biting
and peeling her cuticles bloodier than he’s ever seen them, till all her pretty oval nails are
outlined with rust. The first few times, he swats at her hands to stop her — but she only looks
up at him miserably like she’s going to burst into tears, mouth wobbling, and apologizes like
she’s afraid she’s disappointed him, and it makes his stomach curl in on itself and sink down
into his knees.

I left Terra like an animal chewing off its leg to get out of a trap, she’d said to him once, in
the quiet blue cockpit of the old Gemma Lynn. He remembers how tender her voice had been
— how generous in its vulnerability.

I think I was dying down there.

The next time he catches her at it — curled up in the copilot’s chair on the flightdeck and
shredding away pieces of herself, with Kraglin and Pete bickering about something stupid
and Gamora watching the nav screen — he strolls up as casually as he can, and he plucks at
her wrist. She looks startled at first — she always does, because she never seems to realize
how fuckin’ rough she’s being with herself till he points it out — and then embarrassed and
worried.

“Sorry—“ she starts again.

But he just tucks a kiss into her palm — the same way she’d done to him so long ago,
massaging the aches from his joints and telling him she loved him — and then he leaps
nimbly into her lap and parks himself there for the rest of the shift, keeping one of her hands
pinned to the top of his thigh and lazily tracing the tendons whenever he’s not busy fussing
with the flight controls.

As soon as he’s got her in the privacy of their bunk, he’s lacing her wrists behind her with
some of the plush satin rope he’d stolen on Indigar a circumrotation ago. They’ve used it
before, and he likes that it never rubs her raw.

“Any red marks you get are from me, an’ me alone,” he tells her, gripping her pretty face in
his fingers, her cheeks all soft and squished under his grasp. “What do you want,
sweetheart?”

He doesn’t think he’s ever seen her eyes so big and it makes him bite back a groan. Because
what he wants, right then, is to do whatever she needs him to do to fuck all her troubles right
out of her pretty head.

“I want to not think,” she whispers up at him, lips already glossy and swollen. He darts in to
nip the lower one, then scrape his tongue over it. Her mouth tries to follow his, but he doesn’t
let it. She licks her own lips instead, longingly. “I want—”

The words stammer into silence.

“Tell me, sweetheart.” The words are a shade gentler than his usual mockery.

“I can’t—” She shrugs, closes her eyes, shakes her head.

“I know you know how to say what you want,” he taunts. “Just a frickin’ cycle ago it was all,
Rocket, fuck my slutty pussy; Rocket, lemme suck your dick; Rocket, lick my clit, pinch my
nipples, choke me, make me come.” He tugs on a handful of hair, just a little meanly. “Rocket,
right there, that’s my little sweet spot that turns me into a whiny little crybaby—”

“I can’t,” she warbles out softly. “I don’t — I don’t get to ask for things here.”

It clicks for him, then. He’s known, of course — that the closer they get to Terra’s stupid star
system, the more both she and Pete are succumbing to the old misery of their memories. But
he sort of hadn’t put these particular pieces together, these little scraps of inadequacy and
dread. That heading back would mean this kind of shrinking, this kind of fear.

This sudden certainty that she doesn’t deserve anything.

Entitled, spoiled brat, he remembers calling her, and he wonders how many times she’d
heard those words before him. His stomach plummets again and he decides right then and
there that he really hates Terra, really hates this fuckin’ shitty planet that they’re approaching,
really hates her parents. If he ever meets them, they’ll be lucky if he doesn’t wring their
useless necks.

He doesn’t know what the right move is. Doesn’t know anything, maybe, and never has. He
stumbles over his own thoughts and then he’s tugging her across the soft braided rug she’d
made for them, tumbling her onto the bunk, climbing up next to her. Drawing the alien hair-
pins out of her bun — it had only taken him a few times to get it down to an artform, and he
can unwreathe it from her hair as quickly as he can build a bomb these days. He pushes a
handful of silk out of her eyes.

“Can you use your safeword, sweetheart? Is that something you can still do?”

She hesitates, and he pinches her chin in his fingers again and forces her eyes to his.

“If the answer ain’t a resounding yes, I’m untying you and I’m just gonna hang onto you all
night. No fucking. Just being nice. I can be nice to you, sweetheart,” he says, like he’s afraid
she’s forgotten.

Her eyes somehow get wetter. “I can use my safeword, Rocket.”

“Promise?”

She nods. “Promise.”

“Okay, sweetheart.”
It’s a good thing he’d soundproofed the frickin’ bunk when he’d built it because he spends
the rest of the night murmuring the softest little praises to her while slapping her pretty cunt
till she’s sobbing out promises not to make her hands bleed anymore — then he keeps going
till she’s so sensitive and stinging that it only takes three light strokes of his callused thumb
over her clit to have her shuddering and shaking all over his hands, wobbling out little
fucked-up nonsense-words and thank-yous, telling him how much she loves him. By the time
he slides into her she’s so swollen that he can feel the extra heat radiating off her, like her
poor little pussy is a goddamn sun.

“F’you need something that hurts, you come to me,” he rasps down at her, watching his dick
split her open while she whines and wiggles, teary and full, tits pushed up and toward his
mouth thanks to the way he’s knotted her arms behind her back. “An’ if you need someone to
tell you what a good fuckin’ girl you are, you come to me. Got it?”

“Ye-yes—thank you, Rocket—”

“Stop—” He withdraws; plunges back inside her. She’s so velvety, so wet and warm. How’s
she even softer on the inside? He’s never gonna fuckin’ get tired of it. “—makin’ — yourself
— bleed. You hear me?”

“Yes— love you, Rocket—love you—”

++++

As soon as they’re in any sort of range of the primitive Terran communications systems,
Banner’s communicating with whoever his Terran contacts are. Somebody Stark. Banner fills
him in, and the Stark character manages the rest from there.

He’s on better terms with Earth officials than I am, Banner explains. Earth hates the Hulk.

There’s something kinda relatable about that. Rocket’s pretty sure most of the planets he’s
been on hate him, Asgardians apparently notwithstanding. The Stark guy pulls his strings or
whatever, and the Third Quadrant gets clearance to land at coordinates in the northern part of
the globe, where buses are waiting to shuffle the Asgardian refugees to a new home. Cameras
flash and Terrans stare, but luckily the attention is all on the gorgeous Asgardians — not the
tiny talking monster who “looks sorta like a raccoon” and his hot humie girlfriend or
whatever.

And just like that, the Quadrant is empty.

They end up meeting Stark — dropping Banner off with him. The guy’s got a ton of unearned
arrogance, but Rocket sorta likes him anyway. He’s got a sharp sense of humor, and once
Rocket brings him down a peg or two, he imagines that Stark would be a fun guy to bounce
ideas off of. His brain is pretty quick. But even though all his labs and toys look nice, they’re
frickin’ primitive. His pretty iron suit can’t even survive space, much less jump-point travel.
But if a guy like Stark had access to real good tech — or the ability to memorize and recall
information like Rocket does, to see how everything fits together before the outcome is even
invented — he might be almost as unstoppable as Rocket himself.
Almost.

You’re only a genius on Earth, Rocket reminds him. It took you how long to fight off the
Chitauri? They’re like the suckiest army in the galaxy!

Whatever, Master Shifu. I’d like to see how you’d handle a sentient murder-robot three times
your size.

Tony, Banner interrupts. We made it. That’s on us—

Rocket cackles. You made the murder-robot, and you decided to make it sentient?

On accident! Stark protests, but that only makes Rocket roar so hard with laughter that tears
squeeze out of his eyes, and he’s pulling them from his fur with his fingers.

You made the sentient murder-robot on accident? he wheezes, punching his own knee to try
to get his lungs back under control. That’s worse! You know that’s frickin’ worse, right?

Still — later, when Jo’s distracted helping Banner with something — it doesn’t stop Rocket
from pulling Stark aside to ask him about smartphones.

“How long’s she been off-planet?” Stark asks, and Rocket shrugs.

“Think she’d been up there like… six circumrotations or so? when I met her? Another couple
since then. Eight all together, maybe.”

“Circumrotations?”

Rocket can’t help his disgusted sneer. “Multicalendar years. For fuck’s sake, you Terran
humies are so frickin’ self-centrical. S’like…prob’ly twelve-ish Terran years, total.”

To his credit, Stark lets the criticism roll off him like water. He makes a call and an hour later
he’s splaying out twelve rectangular black glasses. “Any of these look like a match?”

“Those two,” Rocket says immediately. He’s stared at Jo’s smartphone on the little table by
their bed long enough to pick it out of a lineup. Stark hands him both, and an armful of wire-
bundles and batteries.

“Old model,” Stark tells him. “Mess around with these when your wife isn’t looking.”

Rocket’s brain stutters over wife, eyes blinking and blanking out, but Stark doesn’t seem to
notice.

“Figure out whatever you need to with these two, and then I imagine it’ll be quick once you
get hers in your grubby little paws.”

“Huh,” Rocket mutters thoughtfully, stuffing the cords into one of his pouches and then
taking both glasses, shuffling their glossy surfaces against each other. He slides them next to
the keyplate in his pocket, tucked close to his thigh, where the metal of his own useless tech
might provide a slight shield for their delicate shells. “Uh. Thanks.”
The word is awkward and uncomfortable in his mouth, but he means it.

“No problem. Anyone ever tell you that you look like a raccoon?”

Rocket rolls his eyes. “For fuck’s sake. You know how to ruin a moment, don’t you,
smartass?”

Over dinner — some kind of salty take-out that Rocket has to begrudgingly admit is good —
Stark updates Banner on a bunch of weird Terran bullshit. Blah blah blah, the Scavengers or
whatever broke up; boo-hoo, some kind of captain left; there’s a new spiderguy and a new
antguy, lots of bugs apparently, et cetera et cetera.

And then, he hears the words: the time stone.

And suddenly every Guardian’s head in the room is lifted, staring at Stark with something
next-door to horror.

“You have the time stone on this planet?” Gamora gasps.

“Uh, yeah,” Stark says casually, like it’s no big deal. Like, where else would it be? Fuckin’
Terrans. “Time-wizard’s got it.”

“Time-wizard?” Pete repeats, and he’s got that look on his dumb face like he’s heard
something cool instead of terrifying.

“Uh,” Banner offers up cautiously, one palm raising in a tentative wave, like he’s the only
one here who’s realized that Terra’s new allies are extremely frickin’ worried by this
information. “We also have the mind stone.”

“What the fuck,” Rocket spits while Jo chokes on her tea and now, finally, Pete looks pale as
an orloni underbelly.

“I am Groot,” Groot mutters darkly from where he’s sprawled himself lazily in an armchair,
seemingly immersed in a game — but not too immersed to offer up some smart-mouthed
commentary, apparently.

“Thought you were supposed to be a genius?” Stark drawls in Rocket’s direction. “How did
you think I made the murder-robot sentient?”

He feels his lip curl in disgust. “Figures,” he growls. “Figures you’d get your hands on a
frickin’ infinity stone and accidentally turn it into a fuckin’ sentient death machine—”

“Hey,” Jo intervenes gently. “We didn’t know what we were doing when we had the power
stone, either.”

He rolls his eyes at her. “Yeah, but we didn’t do that. Also, I got it on good personal authority
that Contraxia managed to make at least one sentient robot who wasn’t interested in killing
people, and they didn’t even need a frickin’ infinity stone to do it!”
“In my defense, we also made the sentient savior-robot. So there is that,” Stark tells anyone
who’s still listening.

“You shouldn’t have two stones on one planet,” Gamora interjects. “One is bad enough —
but two is far worse. You’re making yourselves into a target. Thanos—”

“Who’s Thanos?” Banner asks.

“A genocidalistic megalomaniac,” Rocket supplies.

“Alien?” Stark asks. “Because I’m just saying — that’s exactly why I wanted the murder-
robot. To protect us from things like that.”

“You’re a real piece a’ work, guy,” Rocket mutters.

“Is there anyone you trust? To take at least one of these stones off Earth?” Jo asks.

“I haven’t met the Time-Wizard in person,” Stark says dryly. “Not sure if he’s much of a
space-traveler.”

“Vision could,” Banner suggests. “I think he might hold up just fine in space—”

Stark snorts. “Nice try, but I don’t think he’s gonna leave his honeymoon any time soon.”

Banner blinks. “Honeymoon?”

“He ran off with the witch after the band split up.”

“You all have issues,” Rocket says flatly.

“You need to watch out for Thanos,” Gamora interrupts. “If you have even one stone here, he
will come. Sooner or later, he will come.”

Rocket hasn’t seen the Zen-Whoberian’s eyes so urgent and half-dead since they’d left the
power stone on Xandar.

“I just don’t get how this backwater mudball got two frickin’ stones,” he grumbles to the
room, but nobody has an answer for that.

Later, he finds Jo and Pete sitting on the open docking ramp of the Fleetwood. Jo’s taken off
her boots and socks, and she’s burying her toes in the grass like she’s trying to put roots right
into the ground. Rocket drops his eyes to her hands, but her fingertips are healing up — no
new fresh wounds that he can see.

Neither of his Terrans look happy though.

“Uh,” Rocket says eloquently, shifting on his feet. “You two okay?”

Jolie looks up, and smiles her brightest smile. “I fuckin’ hate this place,” she says cheerily.
“Get me the fuck outta here.”
We’ll burn that later, she’d told him in the exact same tone once, plucking the tag off his
rusty cage. Now let’s get you the hell outta here.

I got you, sweetheart, he thinks.

“I’ve never seen two people so miserable to be home,” Drax observes before Rocket can say
anything, coming up behind him. “Shouldn’t you be happy, reconnecting with your own
people and planet?”

Pete hangs his head, but Jo meets the Kylosian’s eyes squarely.

“You’re my people,” she says, and there’s no false brightness in her tone anymore — just flat
truth. Her eyes shift to Rocket, and his heart thuds against his sternum. How does she still
make it do that? “You’re my home.”

When he gets her into their bunk that night, and the Quadrant is more quiet than it’s been
since Sakaar, he strips her naked and straddles her belly, drawing careful designs over her
torso with his claws. She shivers and melts under him.

“We’re the captains, you know,” he reminds her thoughtfully. “We decide when we go, Jo.
You wanna leave? Let’s leave.”

“It’s silly,” she says softly. “I know it is. We haven’t left the compound since we got here but
I keep thinking — Pete asked me if I wanted to go get some mint ice cream while we were
here and I just couldn’t bring myself to leave. Like maybe I’d run into them somewhere. My
parents. They don’t even live here.” She pauses. “I don’t think. I guess they could’ve moved.
But the likelihood that they’re anywhere near us is so low—” She chews her lip and stares up
at him. “I just want — to wipe myself off this planet like I never existed. Not even the ghost
of a thought in peoples’ minds. I don’t want to be recognized, or seen, or perceived. I want…
no part of it, Rocket. None.”

Her breathing hitches — not from arousal, but from something like fear, something she’s
afraid to think about.

He’d figured most of that. On top of what she’d told him the other night, after he’d untied her
wrists and licked her pulsepoints and wrapped himself around her. Still, he thinks it’s maybe
one of the saddest things he’s heard. She's made a name for herself across the universe for her
ability to preserve peoples’ memories — and now she doesn’t even want to be one.

And that’s before even considering that she’s known now on countless planets as one of the
Guardians of the frickin’ Galaxy. A goddamn hero.

He wants to hunt down anyone who was supposed to love her and failed.

“This planet doesn’t deserve you,” he says, his voice half a growl. “Terra’s frickin’ loss.”

She chuckles self-deprecatingly. “I don’t know about that—“

“My fuckin’ gain.”
Her eyes go soft. “Baby.”

“If you don’t wanna go now, we’ll leave first thing in the morning,” he tells her, ignoring that
look she’s giving him, like her whole heart’s in her eyes. “As soon as possible. Doubt Pete
will care at all — might be almost as happy as you.” He leans down to lick her lower lip, then
nips it with all his sharp teeth. “We’ll just go up early,” he croons to her. “And you’ll never
have to come back down.”

++++

Sure enough, Pete takes the suggestion to leave sooner than planned like it’s the excuse he’s
been waiting for.

“Anything for Earthgirl,” he says immediately.

“Peter, don’t you have family here, though?” Mantis asks. “Don’t you want to see your
grandfather?”

Pete pretends he doesn’t hear her, and Rocket wonders if he should try to ask more questions
about it the next time Pete gets drunk. It’s easier for Pete to talk when he’s just a little buzzed,
and it’s easier for Rocket to be a good friend when Pete’s a little buzzed, too.

As soon as they hit the exosphere, both Terrans seem to breathe easier. Jo’s got her sunshine-
smile back almost immediately. He hadn’t realized how tense the absence of it had made him,
but now his lungs loosen too. That spot behind his sternum: loose and comfortable again, no
more sucking singularity.

Content.

They know the Statesman’s flightpath, so there’s no real concern that they’ll miss them. They
end up jumping to a little outpost on Satellite 341Q for med-packs, since Terra’s too frickin’
primitive to have ‘em. 341Q doesn’t have the supplies Rocket needs for the veneer, though.
Plus, Rocket reasons it can’t hurt to pick up a few little things to upgrade the powertrain
either — and make sure the Statesman has an Everbloom on board — so they jump over to
M’Hass for the extra items they need.

He stays up a few extra hours every sleep shift, crawling out of their bed after Jo drifts off,
shushing her with a hand stroked through her hair if she stirs. He takes that time to break
apart the sample smartphones from Stark, figuring out how every piece of them works. How
to interface the glass rectangles with his own systems, the chargers with his own tech. How to
take holosnaps with them — Jo had called them something different, but they’re basically
holosnaps — and how to find them again. How to back them up, save them, convert the files,
project them.

It’s slow work, mostly because Rocket’s trying to be careful. He’s only got two disposables to
practice on before he goes into Jo’s glass, and he can’t fuck it up. Even so, it doesn’t take
long — just a few hours spread over a couple rotations to fully learn everything about the
little devices and how everything works together — and then he’s spiriting away her own
black glass in the middle of the night, fingers deft and careful. He touches the smartphone
more delicately than if it were a bomb, as cautiously and as attentively as if it were a part of
Jo herself.

In a way, he guesses it is.

The first time he sees her holosnaps, he feels a little guilty. It’s been so long since she’s had
her own eyes on them, and now he’s getting the first look. He can see the little golden Terran
girl, big-toothed and freckle-cheeked. Gemma Lynn, grinning as wide and as bright as her
sister, like the stars dropped out of the sky and shone right out of both of these girls’ eyes. A
few images of the two of them together: Jo, so small, recognizable only by her big eyes and
freckles, the crookedness of her grin and her shiny, chaotic mane. The littler one, staring at
her big sister with so much love in her face that Rocket’s heart twists up into his mouth.

He’s thought a lot about how much Floor would’ve loved Jo, but for the first time, he realizes
he probably would’ve loved Gemma just as much. There’s a little ache in his chest and his
jaw, and it’s made up entirely of grief for a kid he’s never met, and it’s weirdly personal.

He wonders if Floor and Gemma would’ve been friends. He bets they would’ve.

He looks away from the tiny screen, blinking wetly, and tries to focus his attention on
backing up every image first: onto two datapads, and onto the general system.

Then the Quadrant is back on track: full up on rations and supplies, coasting through the
forever and beautiful sky to meet their Asgardian friends and the rebels from Sakaar, just a
few rotations away. They aren’t pushing their jumps, but they’re taking round-the-clock
shifts, just like the old days.

It’s during one of their shared shifts that Rocket looks over at Jo and feels himself hit some
kind of wall. They’re alone on the flightdeck, and she’s got one hand on the flight controls
and is using the other to ease her hair out of the bun on top of her head. It slides over her
shoulder in those gleaming satin ribbons: too long, too much, too shiny. She chews one lip
thoughtfully, and she’s wearing a different raccoon sweatshirt — another find by Pete, with
another little masked lifeform drawn on it — emotional support animal: he screams so I don’t
have to. It’s dangling off her shoulder, too-long sleeves folded and pooling around her wrists,
shoulder bisected by the bra strap he always wants to trace: with his claws, his fingers, his
tongue.

The music is low and quiet, the rest of their family-members are in bed, and the stars stroke
by lazily. She’s surrounded by the beads of light on the control panel, like they’re little
luminous flowers blooming the ghosts of colored light up into the dark. Her skin is gleaming
with them: rose and purple and gold and blue, splashes of emerald green. She must feel his
eyes on her because she glances over with a quizzical half-smile, resting her wrists on the
controls.

“What is it?” she asks bemusedly.

“M’having a feeling,” he replies, leaning back against the arm of his chair and watching her
with hooded eyes.
Her smile gets softer and she turns back to the stars. “Oh yeah? What is it?”

He feels the corner of his mouth draw up, just a little. “Feels like I just went back in time, to
when it was just you and me, before the Kyln.” He shrugs one shoulder. “Guess I’m glad
we’ve got these frickin’ morons to tow around, but I think I could do this — with you —
forever.”

He watches her shoulders slope into softness, every curve of her face going dreamy and
wistful. “Sounds like nostalgia,” she says softly.

He clicks his tongue against his teeth. “You think?”

She hums her data-processor noise. He’ll never get tired of it. “Yeah,” she says after a
moment, and he licks his lips.

Nah, he thinks. I’m just in love with you.

“I could, too, you know.” She grins sideways at him: sunshine-bright, sugardrop-sweet. “Do
this with you. Forever.” Her grin wobbles. “Actually — I got you something, just before
Sakaar. When we were on Inix? I was going to give them to you sooner, but then—” She
shrugs, doe eyes fluttering away from his, back to the windshield.

Rocket hasn’t seen her this shy in ages and it does something to his dick. Immediate boner.
Sweetheart. Whatever shiny thing she’s brought him can’t possibly be as good as just having
her sitting right there like this, glancing across at him with her big nervous eyes and her half-
chewed lip.

He decides right then that he’s gonna suck her clit later till she cries.

He drops his eyelids and leans back, sucking on his teeth and dropping his voice down an
octave ‘cause he knows it gets her immediately wet, and because no matter how smart and
funny and insightful she is, she always seems so fuckin’ stupid when it comes to realizing
how much he wants her. “What’d you bring for me, princess?”

She flushes, and hesitates, and he can tell she’s worried he’s gonna think whatever it is is
stupid but apparently she’s the only one who can’t see right through him when it comes to
their relationship and who’s pulling the frickin’ strings here. She flicks on the autopilot and
tucks herself in half and digs around in the pouch on her thigh, then leans over — both hands
careful and cautious — and places a tiny, pristine white box on the edge of the console. He
feels his brow furrow, puzzled, and he takes the little box delicately in his dark hands and
eases the lid off.

Three little hard candies, wrapped in pretty colored foil, with the ends twisted up and daintily
patterned like lacework. Probably cost her almost as much as he had, back on the Eclector a
million years ago.

This… girl. This stupid-sweet, sugary little confection. This little fucking piece of
honeycomb. He just wants to rest her on his tongue and let her melt everywhere. His stupid
heart is up in his ears, it’s so loud.
He almost says it then. Fuckin’ spills it right out of his mouth at her feet, over a couple pieces
of candy that she probably thinks are more important than she is.

“I think I–”

She looks across at him with big, nervous eyes.

I think I fuckin’ love you.

It’s a stupid way of phrasing it. He knows he fuckin’ loves her. He’s not a frickin’ idiot. And
if he says it right now, he’s gonna fuck it all up because she’s gonna think it’s more about
these stupid little pieces of candy than her.

He closes his mouth. Then: “I got somethin’ for you, too.”

His stomach twists. The tangle of cords in his pocket feels like a bomb. He hasn’t been this
nervous with her in ages. He reaches for the datapad in the side pouch on his chair, then his
fingers skirt it at the last second and he pulls out the weird book instead. Blue Horses.

“It’s not as good as — I don’t even know what it is,” he manages, handing it to her
awkwardly. “I just saw it, an’ I thought—”

“Poems,” she gasps, and takes the little shabby paperback in her hands like it’s as priceless
as the three little pieces of honeyed candy on the damn flight control panel. “Rocket—”

“I don’t know what poems is,” he says awkwardly. “Not translating right—” His lips can’t
even form the word quite like hers.

She hums sweetly, eyes squinting and curving as she tries to make up her own translation for
him. “Lyrics without music,” she says at last, and suddenly the way the words fit together on
the page makes sense, and he feels like an idiot for not recognizing it as soon as he’d opened
it. She runs her fingers over the worn, velvety cover, half tattered off the binding. “Mary
Oliver is one of my favorites, too. I used to have a few of hers memorized, but — Rocket,”
she says again, that breathy way that sounds like she’s just so full of admiration and affection
and love that she can’t hold it all in her lungs. “Can I read you one later, love?”

Her hair’s reflecting starshine and her eyes are moon-big and moon-bright, luminous, every
inch of her visible skin slicked and flecked with the blossoming glow of the control-panel-
lights, everything in him warmed by the memory of her with her hands cradled loosely on the
Gemma Lynn’s yoke. He thinks of the relief that had swept though him when he’d found her
perched there after the Kyln, once Pete and the others had left for bed — her sweet words,
her offered hug, his rejection of all that warmth and his filthy daydream about convincing her
to let him hold her, let him touch her all over. She’s the one who showed him that little
golden jump-point, and she’s the one who drew him the map to get there. His throat’s so tight
and his eyes flick again to the Spartaxian sugardrops on the console and he thinks, how much
of a frickin’ moron can I be? because she’s so much prettier than some lacy little foil-
wrapped hard candies, so much sweeter than any little luxury treat, so much more rare than
anything he’s ever seen before or anything he’ll ever see again.
“Yeah, sweetheart,” he mumbles. “You can read me somethin’.”

She flips through, and then her eyes leap to his. And even though he’s mostly watching the
stars, he can still see the sparkle in them from here. “I’ll find a good one,” she promises him,
and sinks herself into her little paperback like it’s the most treasured thing she could imagine,
and every bone in his body aches.

I think I love you.

I do love you. I do.

He doesn’t touch the sugardrops. They’ve got a shelf-life of frickin’ forever — too much
honey to almost ever go bad — and he’s not sure when he’ll be able to bring himself to eat
one. He’ll make sure she tries one though — he wants to watch her face when it melts all
over her tongue, and then he’ll grip her chin in his fingers and squeeze her swollen lips open,
and lick the sweetness out of her mouth. And he’ll keep the little foil wrapper forever – put it
in a frickin’ frame, maybe. Keep it in his pocket, right next to the key-plate, for the rest of his
days.

Pete comes to relieve them a handful of hours later, yawning and stretching. “Any word from
the Statesman?” he asks, as Jolie closes up her book and makes room for him.

“Nah,” Rocket says. “But it’s an old, outta-repair ship. If the powertrain and the veneer’s all
fucked, guess it stands to frickin’ reason that they don’t got the best transmission range either.
Bet we’ll hear from ‘em tomorrow. Probably only a rotation or two out at this point.” He
slides from his own seat as Gamora enters the flightdeck, and he snatches his little pristine
white box out of the console and the datapad full of Jo’s holosnaps out of the pocket of his
chair.

Jo’s yawning and stretching all the way down to their bunk and Rocket still wants to tongue-
fuck her till she cries, but some part of him is all twisted-up and nervous.

The damn candies. The words on the end of his tongue. The holosnaps from her smartphone
that he hadn’t been able to give her. The stupid book. Everything feels surreal and flimsy,
whirling around him.

“You okay?” she asks softly, once she’s peeled off her normal clothes and tucked herself
safely into a new button-down shirt she’d gotten from someone at Stark’s place.

“Yeah,” he rasps out. “Jo — sweetheart—”

She’s turned toward him, sinking onto the edge of mattress, eyes big and waiting. “Yeah?”

His mouth is so dry. “Nothing,” he says. “Get into bed.”

She does, taking her little book with her while he tucks the datapad into one of the
honeycomb shelves, and positions her little box of sugardrops neatly on his workbench so he
can torture himself by staring at it every day. The vents cycle on, and the little glass chimes
made of Groot’s blossoms sing softly overhead.
He dims the plasma orbs — just enough light that he thinks her humie eyes can still
comfortably see the words on the pages — and he tinkers for a little while at his workbench,
watching her from the corner of his eyes while she reads. He can see the moment she
brightens.

“I think I found the one I want to read you,” she tells him, swinging into a seated position on
the edge of the bunk. “Is that still okay?” A bemused little smile curls in the corner of her
mouth. “It’s — sentimental, so you probably won’t love it—” She chuckles. “But it reminds
me of how I felt that first night on Conjunction. Sleeping with you.”

Sleeping on the floor of my bunk. Keeping me company. Keeping me safe — mostly from
myself.

He swallows. Sets aside his tools, and turns toward her.

“Jo,” he says, and the words are a labor. “I gotta tell you something.”

She pauses, and goes still. Tilts the book over on its face, pages pressed down into the pillow,
marking her spot. Gives him her full attention, everything in her face soft and open. Her
hands, palm-up on her knees: also soft and open. Every bit of her: soft for him, and open.

“Tell me anything, baby.”

He swallows again. His throat is so tight. His fur is so tight.

“I think sometimes about what could’ve happened different.”

She tilts her head, takes a breath to say something, and then waits.

He hesitates. “Good and bad. Both.” His own fists close tight — blood in the palms. “I been a
real fuckin’ lowlife. Even when I first — even when you let me outta that cage — I was
planning on hurting you and stealing the Gemma Lynn.”

She huffs a soft, sad little breath. “You think I didn’t know that?”

He shakes his head, aching. “Snuck into your bunk that first night. You didn’t lock it.”

“I didn’t want you to think I was hiding anyth—”

“You didn’t lock it, and I was gonna steal shit. I did steal shit. An’ I almost –” His voice
cracks. “I almost b-bit you while you were sleeping.” He stumbles on the word, and he can’t
remember the last time that’s ever happened. His stomach is in his mouth and his heart is
somewhere around his knees and his pulse is so loud he couldn’t hear over it if he wanted to.
His tongue is stuck to the roof of his mouth and his sternum aches again, and worse. “It
woulda been ugly,” he utters hoarsely. “Bloody. Probably— probably woulda fucked up your
hand pretty bad. And you woulda been scared and shit woulda escalated and who knows. I
didn’t wanna kill you — not exactly — but I wouldn’t’a been nice.”

She doesn’t bat an eye. She doesn’t flinch. Of course.
She just waits.

“I thought about leaving you on the Dead Morrigan,” he spills out, like he can’t stop now
that he’s started. The words fall all over each other. “Only reason I didn’t was ’cause I
thought you’d tell ‘em about my bounty. Then I was gonna leave you on Conjunction.” Every
word tastes like ashes. “I was gonna electrocute the fuck outta you. Truss you up and toss you
off and fuckin’ laugh in your face when I did it.”

She reaches for him then, both palms cupped lovingly, and he leans away, eyes wet.

“I was gonna be so fuckin’ — bad to you, princess.”

She takes his face in her hands anyway, because he can’t get away. He’d never had a
goddamn chance. “Hey.” She presses a kiss to the side of his mouth. “Hey,” she says again,
and tilts his head down so she can place another reverent kiss on the bridge of his nose.

He blinks up at her, his eyes glossy, and she glows and blurs in the dim illumination like
some kind of frickin’ angel, like the soft side of the Berhert goddess, all haloed and holy. She
runs her thumbs over his cheekbones.

“You didn’t, though,” she tells him. “You didn’t. Remember? You never left me, not even
once. Not on Xandar, not on Asgard, not on Berhert or anywhere. You never hurt me.”

His lids close and he can feel the feathersoft pressure of her mouth on them as she blesses
each one with another whispery little kiss.

“You can’t put yourself on trial for things you never did, love,” she murmurs to him, and
cradles his shoulders in her palms to tug him off his chair and between her thighs, against her
breasts. He wedges himself in as tight as he can, claws flickering nervously over her soft
sides, then arms winding around her. He surrounds himself with her softness and warmth.

“If anything,” she whispers lightly into the softly-furred shell of his ear, “you deserve a
fuckin’ medal for not rolling me off the ship on Conjunction.” His ear flickers against her lips
and she lets her own soft huff of laughter stir his fur. “I am known to be notoriously and
shamelessly annoying,” she confides mischievously.

He feels the corner of his mouth twitch, but he can’t bring himself to laugh.

“I think about what I shoulda done different,” he says instead, doggedly, into the soft creases
of her button-down. “All the time. I shoulda at least given you a chance — the minute you let
me out of that cage, I shoulda given you a chance. I shoulda been nicer to you and I shoulda
started lo—” He grits his teeth, and looks up at her, glossy-eyed.

“It was never the frickin’ candy, Jo. You know that, right? It was never about the frickin’
candy.”

She blinks down at him, confused, and then her eyes widen a little and the red flush stains her
cheeks — not in the way he likes, but like she thinks she’s done something wrong. “Should I
— should I not have—”
“No,” he says, his fingers spasming on her body, gripping her so tight, like she’s gonna float
away. “No, fuck, it’s perfect. That’s the problem. Every damn thing you do is perfect. I just
need you to know.” He sucks on his teeth. “You’re better than any candy, Jo. You’re the best
fuckin’ thing I ever had.”

It’s close. It’s so damn close to what he wants to say.

“Okay,” she soothes, face softening, eyes worried and searching his. Trying to figure out the
sudden source of his panic. It’s a far cry from so many years ago, she supposes. A couple
circumrotations, and whatever’s making him anxious now would’ve turned him into all sharp
and jagged edges, something mean. But now, here he is, just trying to figure out how to put it
all into words. Her beautiful, beloved copilot. Jolie tilts her head, and rains down soft little
kisses on his face. “Okay.” More tender lips, more softness. “Thank you, baby. You know
you’re my best too, right? That I never could have even hoped—“

He catches her face in his hands. “No, sweetheart. No.” He keeps running into this wall. So
he just nips at her lips, lick her teeth, crawls up onto the bed on top of her, worships her
breasts, worships her soft belly, her doughy hips. That sweet, creamy little cunt. She mews
when he pets her clit like a little kitten, coils her up around his hands nice and slow, eases her
into her first orgasm, then her second and her third. He makes sure they wash over her like an
incoming tide, sweeping over her from head to toe, pulling her under and out to the deepest
ocean he can dream up. Sweeping in again, before she can even catch her breath. She’s
wobbling out half-drowned words, bubbles of gratitudes, little nonsensical love-letters, all
chewed up and mumbled and syrupy in her mouth while she tugs on his fur and twitches
against his nimble, skillful fingers. She winds her legs around him and pulls him in by his
hips, deep and scalding and squeezing. He keeps her under as long as he can: overwhelmed
and blissed out, till she’s dazed and murmuring dreamily on his dick — then he comes inside
her, pushing deep, shuddering at the warmth and sweetness of her and how tightly she holds
onto him: arms, legs, snug little pussy.

He stays inside her and on top of her until the wreathe of her arms around him goes weak and
sleepy. He breathes into her hair, into the side of her throat. His thumbs smooth over her
flanks, silky and plush — her curved hips, sprinkled with the white stars of little scars he’s
given her over the years. He plucks up a streamer of hair — reflective and satiny, lit up like
fiber-optic silks — and he remembers having it pinned in his fingers the morning after
Knowhere, dropping it like it had burned him when she’d roused. Her little stretch; her little
morning, love, how’d you sleep?

And then darting away, so scared she’d pissed him off again.

He lays in bed and imagines it — a universe where he’d decided to give her the benefit of the
doubt that first night off the Eclector. Maybe he would’ve talked to her a few rotations later
when she’d been crying in the cockpit after all. Maybe he would’ve had her laughing the next
day over breakfast. Could’ve teased her in that big stupid sleep shirt, a shapeless white
drapery of cloth that still showed far too much leg and cleavage and sloping shoulder. She
probably would’ve blushed, maybe even teased back.

He wouldn’t’ve tried to break her heart that night over the Sovereign rum. He would’ve
realized by then that she was real and not some sly, spoiled brat just trying to buy an
expensive pet. He still would’ve gotten drunk that first night in Conjunction but probably not
as badly, or as angrily. Instead of shooting a hole in a bar and nearly blowing her pretty face
off, he could’ve come home — staggering, but under his own strength — and convinced his
pretty shipmate and co-captain to come spend the night with him in his bunk, but not on the
floor. Jo wouldn’t’ve wanted to fuck him when he was that wasted — he just knows she
would’ve been worried about taking advantage of him or something — but he could’ve
gotten himself all wrapped up in her, cycles ahead of schedule. He would’ve gotten that
sweet little ‘morning, love; how’d you sleep? and instead of looking horrified and frightened
and preemptively grief-stricken, she would’ve stayed snuggled up next to him. Maybe then
he would’ve realized she didn’t mind sharing his bed. Maybe he would’ve come home with
that damn moonfish that night and no weird mixed feelings and inner torment over a stupid
bite of streetfood, and when she’d sucked the crumbs off her fingers, maybe he would’ve
tried flirting.

You’re too pretty to be licking your fingers like that in front of people you don’t know well, he
would’ve told her, half-teasing — but he would’ve meant it too.

She would’ve blushed and sassed gently back. Well, we’ve already slept together.

Maybe he would’ve reached out and tugged on her hair, or growled at her not to tempt him.
They would’ve still stayed up too late and he would’ve told her that he should probably still
sleep with her, just to make sure she didn’t keep working when she should be in bed. She
might’ve even gone along with it.

He probably still would’ve planned to drop her on Xandar, but not without seeing how far he
could go. Maybe just get a taste of her skin at some point — a quick lick to her palm or the
inside of her wrist. But she’d been half-in love with him by then even at his worst — in this
alternate timeline he’s dreamed up, he wonders if she’d already be head-over-heels. Willing
to take a risk and let him get his fingers on her. Inside her.

He thinks it’d only have been two, maybe three rotations before he would’ve gotten her on
his tongue, and then he wouldn’t’ve been able to stop. She probably would’ve made a little
whimper the moment she’d felt his mouth, and he would’ve been a frickin’ goner.

Let me, he would’ve said, and he knows it would’ve sounded like he was begging. Let me
taste you, sugardrop. Let me taste these pretty tits of yours. Please, sweetheart. Just once.

And she would’ve. She would’ve wriggled out of her sweatshirt and he would’ve gone cross-
eyed at the sight of her stupidly-tight sportsbra, squeezing her poor tits too tight when it
should’ve been him doing that. He would’ve licked and he would’ve said let me keep going
and she would’ve agreed breathlessly, and he would’ve teased her with his teeth until she was
whimpering: nibbling her pretty nipples, lapping at them till they were cherry-bright and
swollen and she was moaning with her hair like a silk net all around the both of them.

Princess, he would’ve rasped at some point, hoarse with need. Sweetheart, let me taste your
cute little cunt. Bet it’s so messy and sweet.

Okay, Rocket, she would’ve whimpered.
He’s sure he could’ve peeled off her leggings and found her so soaked that he could’ve tasted
her through the flimsy fabric of her panties. It would’ve shocked him then just as much as it
had shocked him a few dozen cycles later when he’d finally fucked her in real life.

What a sweet little slut, he would’ve said without thinking. And then, when he’d have cast a
nervous glance up at her — worried he’d ruined it before it had even started — she would’ve
whined, Just for you, Rocket. Please. I wanna be your little slut. Please.

He never would’ve thought about leaving her again.

Not once.

He’s sure of it. He’d have been too selfish and greedy. He’d’ve known he wouldn’t survive
having all that and then giving it up. He’d have hung onto her through Knowhere, through
Asgard, through Xandar and Sovereign and Berhert. And she’s Jo and she’s smart so she
would’ve waited till he was ready, but she would’ve told him she loved him so much sooner
and she wouldn’t’ve been scared to do it — before Xandar, maybe. Or right after, when
they’d been floating off Belua. She’d have been murmuring it into his fur while he fucked her
silly, or whispering it drowsily one morning while he licked her awake. And then later,
solemnly, just like she had this time around: worshiping his hands with her own, pressing
little kisses into his palms so he’d hold onto them always, burned like a brand into his
sensory memory.

And he would’ve told her by now. He would’ve. Before Sovereign, he thinks. Or maybe on
Berhert, between the trees while he worshiped her. At least in the moments on the Eclector,
before Ego, before she’d gone off to serve Taserface drinks and win them a weapon and an
ally, all on her own.

Now he eases himself out of her arms, pressing his mouth against her temple when he goes,
smoothing back her hair. Her blue horse book is shoved half-under the pillows now, page still
marked, and he grimaces when he realizes he hadn’t let her read to him after all. It reminds
me of how I felt that first night on Conjunction, she’d said. Sleeping with you.

It isn’t lost on him that somehow, now, their roles are reversed: she’s all dreamy and dozing
in bed while he keeps watch, just for a little while, just till he can make himself rest. He
strokes the base of her skull under her ear — an approximation of how she’d massaged the
back of his head that night he’d been drunk. Then he hesitates, and turns the book over,
sliding into his workbench chair and dimming the plasma orbs a little further. His eyes trace
the odd formation of words. Lyrics without music, she’d called it, and it makes so much more
sense now.




I woke

And crept
Like a cat

On silent feet

About my own house—

To look

At you

While you were sleeping,

Your hair

Sprayed on the pillow,

Your eyes

Closed,

Your body

Safe and solitary,

And my doors

Shut for your safety

And your comfort.

I did this

Thinking I was intruding

Yet wanting to see

The most beautiful thing



That has ever been in my house.




Rocket’s throat is so tight he can hardly hitch in a breath. That spot behind his sternum —
just a vacuumous void for so long — is full now: not for the first time, but he feels it so
palpably that it almost hurts. An ache returns to his breastbone: abundance instead of
emptiness. He looks over at all that silk draped over the mattress, satin limbs and shiny hair,
curves pillowing under sheets and blankets. Everything smelling like her tea and her lotion:
honey and curlflower. The slender wrist he’d almost bitten that first night and her narrow
hands: creators of lovely little things. He can feel the tears slipping over his lower lids and
under his fur.

He picks up a flat iron file from his workbench and tucks it carefully between the pages to
mark her spot, closing the blue horse book and placing it quietly to one side. Then he slides
off the chair and moves to the honeycomb-shelves, and picks up the datapad.

“Sweetheart,” he murmurs, hoisting himself lightly onto the bed beside her. He rolls onto his
side, half-curling to face her. The back of one knuckle traces a silken path over her freckles,
grazing back another tangled wayward strand of high-gloss hair that has already found its
way back over her face.

She shifts, and huffs a little breath. Thick eyelashes shuffle against each other like dark
feathers.

“Sugardrop,” he urges, throat hoarse. “Can you wake up for me? I gotta tell you something.”

The two of them are curled into each other. The ventilation system clicks on and the glass
chimes made from Groot’s flowers clink against each other softly, and the plasma orbs are
still set to quarter-light so she can see him a little. Everything for him is painted in shades of
old, aged gold, but he imagines that for her there are layers of purple-velvet shadows
crumpled in the corners of the room, tugging at the two of them drowsily.

“Tell me anything, baby,” she says, her voice a sleepy murmur.

“I need you awake for it,” he says, and she’s immediately leaning back, scrubbing at her eyes,
trying to give him her full attention. She’s still so fuckin’ rough with herself, almost pulling
out eyelashes with the force of her knuckles, so he grabs her hands with his slender fingers
and leans forward, pressing his mouth first to one eye and then the other.

That wakes her up.

“What is it?” she asks, brow furrowed in worry.

“I meant to tell you,” he says. “I meant to — to give you this.”

He slides the datapad between them, face up on the mattress, and scrolls through the adapted
files. Then he flicks on the projector. A cone of light flickers up and the image is a little
distorted — gently bowed and bent by the shift from two dimensions to three — but it’s one
of the holosnaps from her black glass. His favorite, he’s decided — herself and Gemma. Too
many freckles and too much shiny hair to manage. Four big, star-bright eyes. He watches Jo’s
face carefully in the dark: blank confusion, at first; and then the painful crimping of her brow.
Recognition, slowly blooming, because she had been incapable of understanding what she
was seeing at first.

“Wh—what—”
“Is it okay?” he asks, and he can’t stop the anxiety in his voice and the way it cracks all the
words at the edges. “I can interface your — your smartphone with whatever you want. I made
an adapter to — to charge it. Anything you had on it—”

“Rocket—w-what? How—?”

“I’m a stubborn ass,” he says immediately, simply, like it can explain everything.

She stumbles out a laugh but it turns into a sob. “What did you—”

“Is it okay?”

“Rocket, I can’t — I can’ tell you how much — oh, my heart,” she says, and her knuckles
are wrecked into her sternum like that night on the way to Sovereign, when she’d told him
that she was afraid of losing it, losing the memory of Gemma and the feel of her sister, tucked
safely in the little singularity in her chest. “Oh,” she gasps, “it hurts—”

She reaches for him with her other hand — twisting, beseeching — and he comes to her,
pressing one narrow warm palm against her breastbone, making a little barrier for her
bruising knuckles in the way he’s learned from her: knowing she won’t hurt him the way
she’s likely to hurt herself. Under his palm, her heart is thudding even more dangerously than
his: thumping, frantic, thunderous.

“Breathe, sweetheart,” he utters, and he taps against her heart, inhaling slowly.

One, two, three, four.

She bursts into tears. “Rocket — “

“Shh, shh, fuck,” he swears, catching all her tears on anxious shaky fingers, like he’d push
them back into her eyes if he could. “M’sorry, sweetheart—”

“N-no,” she wobbles. “It’s good — it’s so good, Rocket —”

You make beautiful things, he remembers her saying more than once, and he wonders if this
counts. He wonders if this is what she feels like everytime she gives some survivor a little
flicker of their lost loved ones back.

Jolie wraps both hands around his wrist, pulling his hand up to her mouth, pressing teary
kisses to all his knuckles and tugging him closer, over the datapad and through the projection,
cradling his face in her hands. Her soft lips and wet cheeks press all over his face, tucking
every droplet of love and loss and devotion into his fur, and he lets her.

“Jo,” he says, once her tears have slowed and her breathing’s shivered into little hiccups. “I
gotta —there’s something else. I —” His mouth is slick. Scared. “I told you earlier,” he says
quietly, wrapping his voice around the hoarseness in his throat, wrapping his fingers around
her wrists. “I think about how things coulda been different. I think — I think I shoulda been
falling for you the second you opened that cage-door. Or when you wouldn’t let ‘em put me
in the cargo hold. Or when you told Taserface you wanted my stuff back and demanded a
frickin’ floor in the cage. Hell, when I first saw you look through the damn bars. I shoulda
started falling in love with you any of those times.” The words fall out of his mouth now: fast
and spattering, like fat raindrops refracting sunlight, iridescent and splashing everything
around them. He doesn’t miss the way her eyes go wide. “I look back and there’s a hundred
different times I coulda loved you sooner.”

“Rocket — “

“But I think I always would’ve got here.” His voice cracks again, but he makes himself go
on: determined not to let those words slide back into his lungs, cowardly and unsaid. “I
would’ve loved you no matter what. I would’ve loved even if you never d— even if you
never. I would’ve.”

“Baby,” she says, her hands fluttering in the loose bracelets of his fingers like a bouquet
made of butterflies. Precious. He presses her knuckles against his teeth; he wants them buried
in his ribs, in his heart.

“I love you.” The words are ragged. “I do. An’ I know I — I don’t deserve this. What we’ve
got. I know this wasn’t meant for me. But I love you.”

You were never meant for the new world.

You could figure out the complex workings of cytoplasmic filtration systems, but you couldn't
figure out that?

But whenever Rocket is curled up against Jo — two crescent moons tangled together, his
clawed fingers knotted into the satin strands of her hair and locks of it wrapped around his
wrists while he tastes her, breathes her in, fucks into her, just lays beside her — in these
moments, even the High Evolutionary’s crackling, mimicky voice seems muted.

And like clockwork — so predictable — her words come, still softened by all her tears.

“Rocket,” Jo says, her voice weepy and sweet and always the softest little welcome in his
ears.

I was looking for you. I was worried. Do you want to come home?

He knows what she’s going to say, half a second before she says it, because this is what
happens when you spend too many rotations falling asleep to the lullaby of someone else’s
breathing. He lets the knowledge of her words curl up behind his breastbone, a little spiral
made of sky and certainty, a little golden jump-point he can carry behind his ribs: so bright,
so warm, and so whole that it lights him up on the inside, maybe shines out his eyes and the
points of his claws. He lets himself feel her words like that knock on his sternum — can I
come in? — waiting so patiently outside his door. Lets himself see the words like an open
hand waiting to be taken, or a bottle of shimmering Sovereign rum waiting to be shared. Lets
himself hear the words like a hundred unnecessary regrets, because what’s here and now is so
good in this moment, and so perfect.

Lets himself reach out and take the words in his hands, like so many palmfuls of warmth and
softness, freely given.
  Fuck me, my dude. I’ve always wanted a raccoon.

  “Rocket,” she says again, and they’re exactly the words he’d thought they’d be. “I was
  absolutely meant for you.”

  And this time, when he takes her face into his hands, he lets himself believe them.



Chapter End Notes



    now i can finally exhale/eat a gallon of ice cream/cry and throw up in my bathtub.
    i am adding a few notes below because i promised i would, but mostly all i want to say
    right now is that i love you very much, and thank you for riding this ride with me till the
    very end. you are priceless and lovely, and i hope life gives you all the warmth and love
    and companionship you could possibly want. may you feel treasured all the days of your
    lives. thank you, so much, my friends.



    requested notes...



    i do have some ideas of what happens to these two in the future, but i am not sure if or
    how or when i will put them into words. if you're curious, the best place to watch for
    anything additional (especially if it ends up being in drabble/imagine form) is my
    tumblr. there's already
    - a winter holiday special about jo and rocket, and
    - a very brief/silly epilogue that takes place in about ten years.

    on the masterlist, you can also find art of jo, or jo and rocket (including an amazing
    nsfw illustration by the godly Lazarel, author of one of my fave rocket x oc fics, The All
    of You.

    tumblr's also the best place to check out excerpts of future writing and projected posting
    schedules. some things to look forward to this month:

    ⋆˚.⚘𖡼𖥧𖤣 windfall 𖤣𖥧𖡼⚘.˚⋆
    18+ only | rocket x f!reader | no use of y/n | 1/3 parts | wip | word count: pending.
    wind·fall /ˈwin(d)ˌfôl/ noun. an apple or other fruit blown down from a tree or bush by
    the wind; an unexpected piece of good fortune.
    semi-shy ultrafeminine touch-deprived reader tries to avoid meeting knowhere’s
    intimidating captain. is profoundly unsuccessful. the precurser to Giftwrap.
    mcu-based, post-volume-three, explicit sexual tension rising through parts one & two,
    smut in part three (a very ♡‧₊˚✩ Blackmail Material format with slightly more
    plot/slightly less smut??). possible secondhand embarrassment. happy endings only
don’t worry. based on a prompt by @creativepromptsforwriting: The apartment she
moved to has a beautiful, well-tended garden. After a while she finds out that her
neighbor is the one tending to the plants and she decides to help him out one day.
Part I should be posted on Feb 14. Part I preview to be posted this Thursday, 2/8.



꧁･:☁︎⋆. cicatrix .⋆☁︎:･꧂
18+ only | rocket x f!oc | 1/?? | wip | word count: pending.
inspired by mary shelley’s frankenstein; or, the modern prometheus. a freakish little
monster visits the high evolutionary’s bride on her wedding night. an adventure of
intergalactic proportions ensues. aka raccoons make plans; the universe laughs.
enemies-to-lovers (as per frickin’ usual, only one of these idiots think they’re enemies,
and tbh the enemy part is pretty short-lived.) this fic is an expansion on wyndham; or,
the galactic prometheus (chapters one through two contain a lot of material from the
original oneshot). while the beginning of this fic is dark, we always get happy endings
here. please take the warnings seriously.
chapter one should be posted on/around Feb 29. Preview to be posted later this
month.



there are many more things coming, but this is where we go next. thank you, again, for
being perfect companions and friends on this journey. i love you all and now i am gonna
go have a meltdown ヾ( ˃ᴗ˂ )◞ • *✰
Works inspired by this one

  Window Across the Galaxy: Jolie’s Portrait of Rocket by hibata

      Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!
