Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Witchcraft and Devilry (Harry Potter & High School DxD)
 Thread startervoivode_writer  Start dateApr 2, 2024  Tagscrossover harem harry potter high school dxd overlord (video game) shinmai maou no testament size queen the witcher
Created
Apr 2, 2024
Status
Incomplete
Watchers
3,431
Recent readers
0
Threadmarks
61
Convinced that he's going to die in the first task of the Tri-Wizard Tournament, Harry is...
Threadmarks
Statistics (61 threadmarks, 651k words)
Threadmarks
Reader mode RSS 
Chapter 1
Words 8.7k
Apr 2, 2024
Chapter 2
Words 9.9k
Apr 30, 2024
New
Chapter 59
Words 10k
Jul 21, 2026
New
Chapter 60
Words 10k
Aug 4, 2026
New
Chapter 61
Words 10k
Aug 18, 2026
1
2
3
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 1
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Apr 2, 2024
Add bookmark
#1
Convinced that he's going to die in the first task of the Tri-Wizard Tournament, Harry is desperate to find a solution. When a chance encounter with a moon-eyed blonde ends with him borrowing a book on devil summoning, he summons Rias Gremory, who leads him down a path that won't just save him from the tournament but rock the entire world.

"I'm screwed," Harry couldn't help but think to himself as he stared at the list of spells before him.

Some of them he knew, some of them he didn't, and absolutely none of them would help him against a bloody dragon. It was a strange thing for someone who had faced death as many times as he had to think, but in that moment, Harry wasn't sure if he had ever felt quite this much dread.

"We'll figure it out, Harry," Hermione said, sounding like she was trying to convince herself as much as him.

"We always have before," Harry said, forcing a smile that didn't seem to fool the bushy-haired brunette at all.

"The library closes in fifteen minutes," Madam Pince called out.

"We should probably head back," Harry sighed, closing the book. "I don't think I'm actually processing much right now anyway."

"You go ahead," Hermione said. "Try to get some sleep tonight, and we'll get back to this in the morning."

"I'll just help you with the books," Harry said.

"No, Harry," Hermione said. "You look exhausted, and I'm more than capable of turning a big pile of books in. It's hardly the first time."

"Or the hundredth," Harry remarked, earning a small smile from her. "I'll see you in the morning, Hermione."

"Night, Harry," Hermione said.

"Night," Harry said, grabbing his things and turning to leave.

He wandered in a daze, relatively sure that he was heading in the direction of the Gryffindor Common Room, but not giving it much thought. The past few weeks had been a nightmare even by his standards, and there was part of him that had begun to wonder if this might be it for him.

"I have to face a bloody dragon, and I have no plan," he thought to himself in a panic. "I had no plan for the basilisk either, but I somehow doubt that Fawkes and the Sorting Hat will be able to bail me out of this one."

So consumed was he by his internal dooming that he failed to notice someone coming the other way as he turned a corner and bumped into the person. His well-trained seeker reflexes saved the day, and he managed to catch her before she fell, noticing that the person he bumped into was a blonde girl in Ravenclaw. Her big silver eyes stared up at him as he kept his arm around her waist just a moment longer than he meant to.

"I'm so sorry," Harry said. "I wasn't looking where I was going."

"It's okay," the girl said, her voice light and ethereal. "I've always wondered what it was like to be a golden snitch, and now I know."

Harry would have laughed, but she sounded like she was serious, and he didn't want to insult her.

"You poor thing," she said, reaching up and grazing the backs of her nails through his scalp. "Your head's so full of Wrackspurts that I'm surprised you can think at all."

Harry took a step back from the strange girl, choosing not to focus on the pleasant chill her touch had sent down his spine, and asked, "Wrackspurts?"

"They're invisible little creatures that fly in through our ears and make our minds go all fuzzy," she said. "You have one of the worst cases of them I've ever seen. You can make them go away by thinking positive thoughts."

"Well, I'm rather low on positive thoughts at the moment," Harry muttered.

"Because of the tournament?" the girl asked.

"Yes, because of the tournament," Harry hissed, feeling bad when the girl looked sad. "I'm sorry, it's just...I learned what the first task is, and I have no idea what I'm going to do."

"What is it?" she asked. "I overheard one of the first years speculating that you'd have to arm-wrestle trolls, but I said that couldn't possibly be it."

"I might honestly prefer that," Harry muttered. "We'll be going up against dragons."

"Fighting them?" the girl asked.

"Getting past them," Harry said.

"Probably stealing something," the girl speculated. "I've heard that Gringotts uses dragons to guard their most valuable vaults."

"So that's what I was thinking about when I bumped into you," Harry said. Looking down, he noticed something that he hadn't before and asked, "um, where are your shoes?"

"They were stolen by the nargles," the girl replied. "I've no idea where they've put them."

"Nargles?" Harry asked.

"They're mischievous little creatures that live in mistletoe and steal things," the girl replied. "My butterbeer cork necklace keeps them away, but I was foolish enough to not take my shoes with me when I went to shower this morning, and by the time I was done, they were gone."

"Right," Harry said, figuring that someone in her year had taken them. "Aren't your feet cold?"

"Very," Luna said, "but I'm trying not to think about it."

Grabbing his wand, Harry cast a quick warming charm on her feet. The girl sighed in pleasure and smiled widely up at him.

"Oh, that's much better!" she exclaimed. "Thank you so much. I'm Luna Lovegood, by the way."

"Harry Potter," Harry said reflexively.

"I think that I might have a solution to your dragon problem," Luna said. "Would you mind walking me to my common room?"

"Not at all," Harry said, wondering what the strange girl could possibly have in mind.

Even if he doubted that her solution would work, given their odd conversation, he was desperate enough to hear her out. As they walked towards Ravenclaw Tower, Harry noticed that she was wearing earrings that looked like radishes. Luna seemed sweet, if unusual, and Harry had nothing against her, but he was beginning to suspect that she was being bullied. He doubted that it was mistletoe-dwelling gremlins that stole her shoes.

"Here we are," Luna said as they arrived at the entrance to Ravenclaw Tower.

There was an eagle knocker on the door, and when Luna touched it, it seemed to come alive and look at them.

"The poor have me, the rich need me, and if you eat me, you'll die," the eagle said. "What am I?"

"Nothing," Luna said automatically.

"Correct," the eagle said, and the door swung open.

"Wait here," Luna said. "I'll be right back."

"Alright," Harry said, still looking at the eagle.

He hadn't had the slightest clue what the answer to that riddle was and was suddenly glad that he hadn't been sorted into Ravenclaw.

"Harry?" came a beautiful voice, and Harry looked over to see Cho Chang approaching.

"It would have had its perks, though," he thought to himself as he looked at the raven-haired beauty.

"What are you doing here?" Cho asked.

Her red-haired friend next to her, whom Harry thought might have been named Maria, looked equally curious and more hostile.

"I found i...oh," Luna said. "Hello Cho, Marietta."

"Lovegood," Marietta said.

"I found what I was looking for, Harry," Luna said.

"You two know each other?" Cho asked.

"Oh yes, we just met," Luna said before Harry could reply. "Harry caught me and warmed my feet. He's very nice."

"Er...yes, I…" Harry stammered.

"You two have a lovely night," Luna said.

"Right," Cho said, heading inside with Marietta in tow. "You as well. Remember, curfew's in twenty minutes."

As the door closed, Harry groaned, saying, "I wish you hadn't said that."

"Why?" Luna asked.

The answer to that was because he didn't know what the hell Cho was going to think of him after that display, but instead he said, "you saw what Skeeter wrote about me already."

"I could write something about you if you like," Luna offered. "My father owns and operates the Quibbler."

"The what?" Harry asked.

"The Quibbler," Luna repeated. "It's a paper for those who don't want to be spoonfed the opinion of the ministry. Cho wasn't lying about curfew, by the way. We'll need to make this quick."

Without another word, the eccentric blonde tore off down the hallway, and Harry rushed to keep up. She unlocked and opened the first door she came across and went inside. As Harry followed her, he saw that she'd brought him into an empty classroom.

"Here," Luna said, reaching into her bag and pulling out an ancient-looking tome. "This will help you with the dragon."

"A Treatise on Devil Summoning!" Harry exclaimed as he read the title on the first page.

"Yes, it's a fascinating read," Luna said, seemingly oblivious to Harry's uneasiness.

"Why do you have this?" Harry asked, shocked by the no-doubt highly illegal tome.

"It's been in my family ever since my great-grandfather Cyrus defeated the dark lord Thorfinn the Terrible," Luna replied.

"He defeated a dark lord?" Harry asked, intrigued.

"Sort of," Luna replied. "Thorfinn the Terrible was a powerful and rather mad dark wizard who terrorized Sweden back in the 19th​ century. My great-grandfather loved peanuts and had figured out a way to enchant his garden to allow them to grow all year round despite the cold climate. Thorfinn got it in his head that the peanuts were magical and would give anyone who ate them great magical power. Fearing his power, Thorfinn sought to bargain with my great-grandfather rather than try to take them by force and offered him this book in exchange for a bag of them."

"And he took the deal?" Harry asked.

"Yes," Luna replied. "Cyrus Lovegood was no great duelist or warrior and knew that he'd stand no chance against Thorfinn, so when the madman made his offer, he agreed, hoping that they'd never see each other again. They didn't, funny enough, as the peanuts ended up being Thorfinn's downfall."

"Did he become overconfident, thinking that they'd made him invincible?" Harry asked.

"No, it turned out that he was allergic to peanuts," Luna replied.

Harry, once again unsure if Luna was serious or not, could only stare at the blonde and blink owlishly.

Changing the subject, he asked, "aren't demons evil, though? And is this even legal?"

"Oh, it's very illegal," Luna said, "and I'll ask that you not mention it to anyone. As for the devils, I'm sure some are evil, but so is you-know-who, and neither of us would like all wizards to be considered evil because of him."

Harry couldn't argue with her there.

"I guess I just always thought that they were evil, monstrous creatures," Harry said. "If they even existed."

"They exist, and they're anything but monstrous," Luna said. "The author of this book summoned several to strike little bargains and painted quite a number of them. This one's my favorite. Her name's Venelana."

"Gah!" Harry exclaimed as he saw the painting in question.

The devil in it looked human, save for her black, bat-like wings and purple eyes. It was a miracle that Harry even noticed those features, though, as she was utterly naked. Seated for the painting, she was grinning wickedly at him, twirling a strand of her long brown hair around her finger. Every so often, she'd wink at him.

"She has beautiful breasts," Luna commented. "They're so large and yet firm and perky. I hope mine look like that some day."

All of Harry's higher functions deserted him as his blood rushed far away from his brain. When Luna closed the book, it snapped him out of it, and he quickly adjusted his robes to try and hide his erection.

"So, just borrow the book and think it over," Luna said. "I would like it back as soon as you've gone over it."

"I'll get it back to you before the first task," Harry promised.

"Or after," Luna said, giving him a small smile.

"Um, will they want my soul?" Harry asked.

"The clans do vary in their position on humans and the things they ask for," Luna said. "I'd recommend reading about them all first and then going with one of the kinder clans if you decide to summon someone. Good night, Harry."

"Good night," Harry said, watching as the blonde rushed out of the classroom.

Aware of the fact that he might not make it back to the Gryffindor Common Room in time and not wanting to get caught with this particular book, Harry pulled his invisibility cloak out of his bag and stuffed the book in its place. Wrapping it around himself, he left, longing for his bed.

*****
​
"If you like the guy so much, then you marry him!" Rias growled.

"Rias, that's no way to talk to your mother," Zeoticus Gremory snapped.

"Yes, you're right," Rias said. "I wouldn't want to condemn her to a fate worse than death."

"If you're done being melodramatic, dear, I'd be happy to listen to your objections," Venelana Gremory said.

"Only so you can ignore them," Rias muttered. "I shouldn't have to marry that arrogant, sanctimonious man-whore just because you're friends with his mother."

"This isn't about that, and you know it," Venelana said calmly. "Riser comes from a powerful bloodline and has inherited all of its perks. If he were to pass his power down to your children and they were lucky enough to inherit the power of destruction as well, each one could end up being a superdevil. It would secure both of our families for aeons."

Rias made no attempt to hide her disgust at the thought of having Riser Phenex's children.

"Now, it won't happen for another couple years at least," Zeoticus piped up. "That will be plenty of time to get to know Riser better."

"I know him plenty," Rias spat. "You haven't finalized the arrangement yet; there's still time to stop this. Please!"

"Enough," Venelana said. "You're not a child anymore, Rias. You know that our power and privilege come with certain obligations. Now I truly hope that you and your future husband manage to come to some sort of accord, but if worse comes to worse, you won't have to spend every day and night with him."

"May I go?" Rias asked, furious at them both.

"You may," her father sighed.

Wings springing from her back, she didn't bother touching a single step as she rushed to her room, hot tears stinging her eyes.

"They didn't budge?" Akeno asked the second she saw her.

"No," Rias growled. "They're insisting that I marry that pig!"

"I'm so sorry, Rias," Akeno sighed, hugging her tightly.

"It's apparently too much to ask that I get to fall in love," Rias said despondently. "I'm going to be stuck married to a man who will treat me like a broodmare when he isn't fucking someone else. I should free you before it happens."

"No!" Akeno exclaimed.

"Akeno, you're mine, and if I marry him, we'll both become his," Rias said.

"I am yours," Akeno said, resting her forehead against Rias'. "For better or worse, I'm not leaving your side."

"It's a shame I can't marry you," Rias said. "You'd bring a hell of a lot more to the table. Loyalty, good company…"

"Probably as much dick," Akeno giggled, making her laugh as well. "Your brother can't help you?"

"Not with this," Rias sighed, walking over and flopping on her bed. "He's one of the Satans, and he can't be seen interfering in family disputes like this. He has to remain above it all, impartial."
"If this was Sona, do you really think that Lady Serafall would even hesitate to intervene?" Akeno scoffed.

"Serafall would start a civil war if some gave Sona a papercut, but Sirzechs isn't like that, and I wouldn't want him to be," Rias said. "As much as I hate Riser, I wouldn't want this to make trouble for my brother. No, if I want a way out of this, I'm going to have to take care of it myself."

"Any ideas?" Akeno asked.

"My mother loves rating games," Rias said. "If I could bet my freedom on the outcome of one of them, she might take that bet, but only if it was one that I was participating in…"

"And you only have me," Akeno sighed.

"I have at least two years," Rias said. "If I can build up a proper peerage before then and find some match that my mother would be willing to bet against me on, then that could work. Father would go along with her if she decided to call things off."

"You could also just lose your virginity," Akeno suggested.

"No devil would risk making enemies of the Phenex clan," Rias said, shaking her head, "and the idea of using some random human man, likely dooming him in the process, just doesn't sit well with me, not while I have other options at least."

"If you made him part of your peerage, he'd become a servant of the house of Gremory," Akeno said. "Pissed as they'd be, your parents would be obliged to protect him."

"If I come across a man impressive enough to recruit, then that will be an option," Rias admitted, "but I'm not wasting an evil piece on someone who wouldn't be of further use to me."

"Then we need to focus on just recruiting you a full peerage," Akeno said. When Rias jerked violently, she asked, "Rias?"

"I, ah!" Rias cried out, wrapping her arms around her middle. "I feel like I'm being pulled...I'm being summoned!"

"By who?" Akeno asked in alarm. "No devil could possibly…"

"I'm being summoned to Earth," Rias hissed. "Some magician managed it somehow."

"If it's a guy, maybe he could solve your problem," Akeno said, relaxing once she realized that her master wasn't in danger. "Good luck!"

Before Rias could reply, she disappeared in a flash of light.
​
*****
​
"Member of the House of Gremory, I summon thee," Harry repeated again, beginning to wonder if this was even working.

He had held out for a full day, trying as hard as he could to find a solution other than the one that Luna had given him. The best plan he had so far was Moody's idea of flying around the dragon and taking what he needed to get his hands on. All he needed to do for that was learn the summoning charm, something that Hermione had helped him with, and then fly like his life depended on it, because it would.

He knew that he was a good flyer, one of the best in the school, in fact, but he just didn't know if he was good enough for this, and there were so many things that could go wrong with the plan. With two days left before the task and with him unable to sleep, he started reading through Luna's book, trying not to get too distracted by the illustrations. Eventually, he happened upon the entry for the devil clan Gremory, which seemed to be one of the friendliest of them, and decided to give it a shot. Closing the curtains around his bed and taking care to ensure that no sound would escape them, he followed the instructions in the book and began his summoning.

"...I summon thee," Harry said again.

Just as he was about to write the whole thing off as idiotic, red light began to form inside the circle of salt that he had created, taking the form of the Gremory sigil. A moment later, there was a flash of red light so blinding that he had to close his eyes, and when he opened them again, his mouth opened with them. The girl inside the circle looked no older than him and was even more beautiful than the illustrations he had seen in the book. With crimson hair, bright blue eyes, and flawless pale skin, she was the most gorgeous girl he had ever seen. That was just her face, too. Her body was curvy in a way that even Angelina's wasn't, and her figure reminded him a little of the first devil whose painting he had seen.

"Wow, you're bad at this," she said as she looked around.

"Huh?" Harry asked.

"The circle of salt thing is a myth," the devil scoffed, "and even if it wasn't, putting it on a bed like this would be a bad idea. Can you guess why?"

When he didn't say anything, she stomped her foot down on the bed, sending the salt flying in every direction and making him feel stupid.

"Oh shit!" Harry exclaimed, reaching for his wand.

"Don't," Rias said harshly, her hand suddenly enveloped in bright red light. "I don't intend to hurt you, but that will change if you threaten me. Now, I am Rias Gremory, magician. Why have you summoned me?"

"I...please sit down first," Harry said, relaxing a little when she did so. "I'm doomed."

"How so?" Rias asked, cocking an eyebrow.

"I was entered into this lethal tournament against my will," Harry said. "In two days, I'm going to have to face a dragon that I need to get past to steal something. I have no real way of fighting the damn thing, and the best plan I've come up with so far is to fly around it."

"You intend to outfly a dragon?" Rias asked.

"I didn't say it was a good plan," Harry said dryly.

"Hmm, and you clearly can't just forfeit, or you would have already," Rias said.

"I'd lose my magic, apparently," Harry said. "I don't even want to be part of this thing, but someone managed to force me into it, and now I'm bound to a magical contract against my will."

"I know something about that," Rias said, sounding suddenly angry.

She looked at him like she was assessing him in some way and started twisting a ring around her right ring finger.

"Stand up," she after a moment.

"Why?" Harry asked, though when she gave him a blank stare, he decided to do as she asked.

"Turn around," Rias said. "All the way, that's it."

"Am I to make the dragon dizzy?" Harry asked sarcastically.

"It might be a better plan than trying to outfly a creature with wings," Rias bit back. "You can sit back down."

"In my defense, the man who gave that might plan might actually be insane," Harry said. "I just figured that an insane plan was better than none."

"That's debatable," Rias said, reaching out to him. When he tensed up, she said, "relax. I just want to get a feel for what I'm dealing with here."

In the palm of her hand, a red glyph appeared, and she hovered it over him, moving all over his body without touching him.

"Hmm, you're powerful, that's for sure," Rias commented. "Not terribly trained, it would seem. You have far more potential than the other two magicians I've met, and...oh, there's something very strange up here."

"That was where I was hit by the killing curse as a baby," Harry said.

Rias' eyes shot to his, and she said, "explain."

"To make a long story short, some powerful dickhead decided to kill my parents and me when I was a year old," Harry said. "He killed them, but when he tried to kill me, his spell failed and his body was destroyed. No one knows what happened except that I lived and got an annoyingly conspicuous scar from it."

"Well, whatever happened, it left some lingering magic," Rias said. "Regardless, I think that I can help you."

"What's it going to cost?" Harry asked, sounding every bit as nervous as he felt.

"Not your soul, if that's what you're worried about," Rias laughed. "No, your soul would remain right in here where it belongs. You would become my servant for life, a life that will last potentially thousands of years, by the way."

"Huh?" Harry asked.

Rias waved her hand and summoned a small bag containing what looked like chess pieces, though they were missing the king and queen.

"These are evil pieces," Rias said. "When bestowed upon a human, they make him into a devil."

"I...I could become a devil?" Harry asked.

"Mmhmm," Rias said.

"Is that what happened to you?" Harry asked.

"No," Rias replied. "I was born a devil. My people are very long-lived but have very poor fertility rates. With the number of enemies that we have, an inability to replicate our numbers left us at a severe disadvantage. To get around that, my brother's best friend invented the evil pieces, allowing us to take regular humans and make them like us."

"Aside from living longer, what would that mean for me?" Harry asked.

"You would become stronger, faster, and more durable," Rias said. "Your magical abilities would increase exponentially as well. In short, you would be more than a match for your dragon."

"Um, there's something I should tell you," Harry said. "That madman who killed my parents, his body was destroyed that night, but he's not fully dead."

"What?" Rias asked, confused.

"Somehow he managed to stick around," Harry said. "He's a wraith now, but he nearly came back entirely a few years ago."

"Strange, but irrelevant," Rias said dismissively. "You would likely become stronger than him in short order after becoming my servant, and even if he was a threat to the two of us, my brother could tear his very soul apart."

"Your brother's that powerful?" Harry asked.

"Immensely so," Rias replied. "You would be quite safe with us."

Harry had already been considering her offer, but that last point sealed it. Surviving the dragon was his current concern, but if he could find a way to get rid of Voldemort for good and ensure that neither he nor anyone else would ever end up in the lunatic's crosshairs again as well, there was no way that he wasn't going to take that deal.

"So the deal is that I become your servant in exchange for the power to deal with the dragon?" Harry asked.

"No," Rias said. "Becoming my servant would give you that power. In exchange for that gift, I want something else."

"What do you want?" Harry asked, his resignation clear in his voice. "I should have known it couldn't be that simple."

"In exchange for granting you the power to survive this tournament, I want you to take my virginity," Rias said.

Harry just blinked a couple times as his brain tried to process what he had just heard. Convinced that he was either asleep, had misheard her, or had cracked under the pressure, he just sat there in silence for a solid moment.

"I'm sorry, would you mind repeating that?" is what Harry wanted to say. What he actually said was "wasahuh?"

"You didn't mishear me," Rias said, sounding amused. Her amusement quickly faded as she said, "just like you were entered into a contract against your will, my parents are currently trying to enter me into one. The man they want me to marry is one of the most vile and wretched creatures I've ever met, and I refuse to just lay back and take it."

"You want me to…" Harry tried to ask, his brain still playing catch-up.

"Yes," Rias said. "I need to be a virgin for the contract, so if I lose it before they enter me into the damn thing, there's nothing they can do about it."

"Why do you need to be a virgin?" Harry asked, that one odd point breaking him out of his reverie. "Aren't devils all about corruption and promiscuity?"

"We're also not above hypocrisy," Rias said flatly. "Whether human, devil, or anything else, a man wants to be his wife's first and preferably only lover."

"Why me?" Harry asked. "Why not some other devil?"

"No devil would dare risk bringing the wrath of the House of Phenex down on them," Rias said. "As my servant, you would officially become a part of the House of Gremory, however, and even my parents would be forced to acknowledge that."

"Your parents couldn't disown you over this?" Harry asked.

"They could, but they won't," Rias replied. "For one thing, as furious as they're going to be with me over this, it won't be something that they can't get over. Beyond that, though, they're lucky to have two children, and as my brother has ascended to a higher office, I'm the only heir they're likely to have."

"Um, I've never…" Harry couldn't bring himself to finish that sentence.
"So I gathered," Rias said dryly, "and I don't care. Frankly, you could last a second and still do enough damage to get me out of this mess. So what do you say?"

"Yes," Harry said.

What else could he say other than "pinch me?"

Rias' grin turned positively feral, and she said, "good."

Without another word, she pounced on him, and for the first time in his life, Harry found himself kissing a girl. Her lips pressed against his as her body did the same, and he was blown away by just how good even that simple kiss felt. Acting on pure instinct, he wrapped her arms around her and returned the kiss as best he could, just trying to mimic what she had done back to her. She deepened the kiss, invading his mouth with her long, dexterous tongue, and he brought his own to tangle with it. When her thigh brushed against his almost painfully hard cock, he moaned into her mouth and was startled when he felt her go as stiff as he was.

"What the hell?" Rias asked, reaching down to feel up his cock with her hand.

"Oh fuck!" Harry groaned as he felt someone other than himself touch his cock for the first time. He was so caught up in the foreign but very welcome sensations that it took him a moment to realize that Rias had a mixture of confusion and concern on her face. When he finally noticed, he asked, "what's wrong?"

"Um, is this all your cock?" Rias asked.

"Yeah…" Harry replied, confused by the question.

"No way," Rias muttered, and her hand was quickly enveloped by red light again.

Harry jerked back as his clothes were removed instantly, reappearing behind him, and he almost covered himself on pure instinct. His sudden shock was mirrored by Rias' as she stared in obvious apprehension at his rock-hard cock.

"Wow, that's, um…" Rias stammered. "That's not what I was expecting."

"What's wrong with it?" Harry asked defensively, feeling suddenly self-conscious.

"You...surely you know how big you are, right?" Rias asked, looking up at him in surprise.

"It's not like I've seen any others," Harry said. "Am I really that weird?"

"Well, let's just say…" Rias said, reaching out to place her hand against his cock. Harry moaned as she pressed it against his flat stomach and said, "the average human cock comes up to about here."

He looked down at the line she was holding her hand against, and his eyes widened at just how many inches lay beyond that.

"You're incredibly thick too," Rias sighed, wrapping her hand around his shaft. "My fingers don't even touch."

"I guess I really am a freak," Harry snorted, unsure how to feel.

"It's not a bad thing, really," Rias said. "I'm just worried about getting you to fit, this being my first time and all."

"Is there any way to make that easier?" Harry asked, honestly having no clue.

"Lube would help if we had any," Rias replied. "As it is, I guess we'll just need to focus on foreplay. No one knows that I'm here, and the only person who was in the room when you summoned me will keep her mouth shut for a while, so we shouldn't have to worry about being interrupted."

Pulling back, Rias waved her hand over her body, and Harry stared in slack-jawed shock as her clothes disappeared and joined his own at the foot of his bed. She was perfect; there was no other word. Flawless from head to toe, she had an hourglass figure that even the likes of Fleur Delacour likely couldn't match. Her firm and incredibly perky breasts were large in general, and with her tiny waist, they looked massive. Her wide hips, thick thighs, and long, shapely legs were also gorgeous, and Harry groaned when she stood up and twirled around, giving him a view of her equally amazing arse.

"I'd say you look heavenly, but…" Harry quipped, earning a laugh from the redhead.

"I'm anything but," Rias chuckled, and Harry's eyes widened as two bat-like wings appeared on her back.

"Wow," Harry said, leaning in to get a closer look. "Could I…"

"Just be gentle," Rias said, and then shivered as he ghosted his hands over her black wings. "I must say, I expected you to be more interested in these."

Harry shuddered as she picked up her large breasts in her hands and pressed them together. She took his hands from her wings and placed them there, sighing as he cupped the soft mounds. They were a little heavier than he expected, and he marveled at how simultaneously soft and firm they felt.

"Ahh, just like that," Rias sighed.

Harry saw her small pink nipples grow harder as he continued to knead and massage her breasts and circled one of them with his thumb. When she whimpered, he took that as a good sign and gently pinched the hard nub.

"Fuck!" Rias hissed.

With a grin, Harry moved in and closed his lips around the other nipple, flicking his tongue over it. When he started sucking on the peak, Rias' hands wrapped around the back of his head, her fingers burrowing into his messy black hair as she held him to her chest. He trailed one of his hands down her side until he reached her hip and moved around to cup her arse. Her breathing grew heavy as he switched to her other nipple, sucking gently on it, and she cried out when he accidentally grazed it with his teeth.

"Come here!" Rias ordered, pulling him up.

She kissed him, and he felt confident enough to take the initiative that time, plunging his tongue into her mouth and coaxing her own out to play. As they dueled for dominance, she flipped them over and started grinding her pussy on his cock.

"Oh Merlin!" Harry cried.

"I think I'm a little prettier than that," Rias purred with a deep, throaty laugh that he swore he felt in his cock.

"Rias, I'm not going to last with you doing that," Harry groaned.

"I'm pretty confident I could get you hard again, but I guess you don't want to cover yourself in your own cum," Rias said, smirking. Tracing her nails up along his abdomen, she said, "you're rather cute, you know. You're handsome with a pair of seriously gorgeous eyes, and you've got some pretty nice definition here and on your arms. With some training, I think you could end up being a total hunk."

"You're the most beautiful woman I've ever laid eyes on," Harry said earnestly. "Even the paintings of other devils in that book don't compare."

"Paintings?" Rias asked.

"The book I borrowed, the one that explained how to summon devils, contained a few animated paintings of the ones the author had summoned," Harry said.

"I'd like to see it sometime," Rias said, "but we have better things to do right now. I'm wetter than I was, but I still don't feel confident enough to try and take this monster cock of yours."

Harry felt a surge of pride at how she complimented his cock and said, "I wasn't done."

Flipping them back over, he returned to worshiping her breasts when he noticed something that he hadn't before. A scent, something that he hadn't smelled before and yet made his cock throb even harder, was coming from Rias. Realizing that it was coming form lower down, he started planting a trail of hot kisses down her flat abdomen until he reached her sex, getting his first view of a woman's pussy.

Rias was entirely hairless between her legs, so Harry could see all of her mound, including her rather fleshy nether lips. That intoxicating scent he had smelled before was coming from her pussy, he realized, and it was making his mouth water.

"Taste me," Rias sighed. "Please."

She didn't have to tell him twice, and he was rewarded with a loud, lewd moan from the crimson-haired beauty when he gave her a long lick from bottom to top. He moaned at the taste, finding her delectable, and immediately began feasting on her. She gripped his black locks again, her nails teasing his scalp as she enjoyed his ministrations. Her thighs clamped around his head, and Harry looked up to see her looking utterly blissful.

"So enthusiastic!" Rias giggled, sounding pleased.

"You taste so good," Harry said, pausing from what he was doing only long enough to get those words out.

With his eyes locked on her face, he was able to see her breasts jiggle as she laughed at the compliment and groaned.

"You're not bad for a first-timer," Rias said. "You see that little nub at the top? The one that looks like it's being mostly covered by a hood."

"Mmhmm," Harry replied.

"That's my clit," Rias said. "Try swirling your tongue all around it without touching it directly yet."

When he did as she asked, she cried out in pleasure, and her grip on his head tightened.

"Oh, fuck!" Rias moaned. "Just like that."

Despite what Snape thought, Harry was capable of following instructions, particularly when they were simple and came from someone as alluring as Rias Gremory. He continued to eat her out, paying close attention to what she liked most. He didn't spend all of his time on her clit, trying to see what else really worked, and before long she was moaning in pleasure pretty constantly.

"You've got a gift," Rias said after a while. "It was obvious this was your first time when you started, but now...oh fuck...now you're doing as well as Akeno."

"Who?" Harry asked, taking a short break.

"My best friend," Rias replied. "You'll meet her after you've become a part of my peerage."

"Her?" Harry asked, feeling his cock throb at the thought of Rias having sex with another girl.

"You like that?" Rias asked, looking amused. "Maybe if you're really good, I'll let you watch us."

"Fuck!" Harry groaned, making her laugh.

"Just this morning, I had her tied to my bed and was torturing her with a vibrator," Rias purred. "I denied her her orgasm over and over again until she was begging me."

"What's a vibrator?" Harry asked.

"You really are sheltered, huh?" Rias asked. "It's a human sex toy that, as the name would suggest, vibrates. It feels wonderful when pressed against my pussy."

That gave Harry an idea. He did, after all, know something that could vibrate, though he wasn't sure if he could force himself to speak parseltongue. Going back down on Rias, he flicked his tongue back and forth across her clit while picturing a snake in his mind.

"Testing," he said to himself.

"Huh?" Rias asked.

Ignoring her, he focused a little more intensely on the image and said, "testing."

"FUCK!" Rias shrieked at the top of her lungs, her thick thighs clamping down hard around his head as pleasure assaulted her senses.

Harry continued speaking the language of the snakes directly into her overflowing pussy, keeping his eyes on her face so he could watch her reaction. Rias went from looking shocked and confused to overwhelmed and ecstatic as she soared towards her orgasm. Her body started to shake as the pressure grew more and more intense, and as it finally broke, her back arched off the bed, and she squealed so loudly that Harry was glad her thighs were pressed against his ears.

"AAHHH!" Rias screamed after taking a breath, the waves of soul-searing pleasure continuing to wrack her entire body.

Her juices gushed from her cunt, and Harry worked to drink down as much of her nectar as he could, moving down to her overflowing opening. He pushed his long tongue, which he had always felt was rather freakish as a child, as far inside her as it could, tasting her even more deeply. He continued making it vibrate within her, and as it happened to brush against a rough little patch inside her, Rias' reaction was immediate.

"FUCK, FUCK, FUCK!" Rias shrieked, her whole body convulsing like she was being tortured.

Her massive tits jiggled as her whole body shook, and she squirted all over him, drenching his face. Her fluids ran down his chin onto the bed below, and Harry finally pulled back after the second, even stronger climax began to wind down. Rubbing his jaw, he grabbed his wand and quickly dried the bed.

"What...what...what?" Rias tried to ask as she panted for breath, seemingly unable to form complete sentences just yet.

"Parseltongue," Harry replied, figuring that was what she was trying to ask. "I can talk to snakes, and my tongue vibrates when I do. I figured it would feel good."

"Good...doesn't even begin...to describe that," Rias panted, her body continuing to twitch occasionally.

"I'm just glad that I finally found a use for it," Harry said, enjoying the sight of his buxom lover's flushed body. He owed Luna a great deal for this alone.

"Lie down on the bed," Rias said. "I would normally have insisted on having my first time be on my back, but with your dick being that big, I should probably be on top, at least at first.

Having no problem with that, Harry laid down next to her, and she embraced him immediately, kissing him deeply. As their tongues entwined and began to duel for dominance, it occurred to Harry that Rias was tasking herself on his lips and tongue and found the idea hot. She'd already spoken of sleeping with another woman, but it still made the idea more real for him. He cupped her breasts with his hands as she moved to straddle him, sinking his fingers into the soft flesh and groaning at how much he already loved them.

They hung so high on her chest for their size and were so impossibly firm. Harry wondered how long they'd stay that way, knowing, as he did from Luna's book, that devils could live for millenia and look youthful throughout their lives. As he felt the soft, warm, fleshy orbs, he wondered how it would feel to bury his cock between them. He knew she wouldn't say yes, even if she was willing to try it, being too focused on losing her virginity, but hoped that he might get another chance to ask.

"Alright," Rias said as she lined herself up with his cock. "This is it."

She still sounded apprehensive, and he caressed her arm softly, giving her a reassuring smile.

"Just go as slowly as you need to," Harry said.

"I'll probably be fine," Rias said. "I'm as wet as I physically can be and as a devil, I'm probably just built for this. You're just a lot to take in. Pun not actually intended."

Harry sat up and wrapped his arms around her, kissing her tenderly. Rias smiled at him and lowered herself down. The both of them gasped as he slipped inside her. Rias was so surprised at the ease of the penetration that she slipped and took the rest of him in one long slide.

"Oh fuck!" she cried.

She felt unbelievably good, beyond Harry's and possibly all mortal comprehension. She was so hot, so wet, and so fucking tight that Harry was blown away immediately. If he had had any experience at all, he would have known that the way that her perfect pussy was sucking him in wasn't normal by human standards, and he might have been able to withstand it for more than a moment. As it was, all he could do was bury his face in her neck and groan as he came, filling her with rope after rope of his cum. He collapsed back, taking her with him, and wished that he could curl into a ball or, better yet, climb into a hole in the ground and never come back up. He had cum the second he was buried inside her, and he didn't know if he had ever felt like more of a loser.

"It's okay," Rias said, raking her nails gently along his scalp. "It was your first time, and you endured a hell of a lot of buildup before I put you inside me, not to mention that you made me cum harder than I have in my entire life with that magic tongue of yours. You have nothing to be ashamed of."

Her words did make him feel better, and he began to stroke her back with his hands, enjoying the feeling of her soft skin under his fingertips. He kept his eyes closed, just enjoying the feeling of relief and satisfaction that flooded his body. As he continued running his hands over Rias, however, he realized that he could almost see her in his mind, not as though he was imagining her, but as though he truly could see her. More than that, he could sense her body in a way that he didn't quite understand, feeling spots that he knew would be very sensitive to stimulation, as well as spots that were tense. Bringing his hands up to her shoulders, he started prodding the tense spots there and was quickly rewarded with sighs of pleasure.

"Ah, that feels good," Rias moaned as she felt the tension in her shoulders melt away under his simple touch.

Harry opened his eyes and looked down at her, realizing that he could almost see that he had managed to completely relax her slightly tight muscles. He also realized then that he had never softened inside her and flipped her onto her back.

"Ah!" Rias gasped, looking up at him in surprise.

"I know I've technically taken your virginity, but I think I should actually fuck you too," Harry said, grinning.

"If you think you can," Rias said challengingly, a grin on her face as well.

Harry pulled half of his cock from her clinging depths and thrust back inside hard, making her moan. Acting on instincts he had never known he had, he began fucking her hard, and when he sensed that there was a very sensitive spot deep inside her that he was just barely missing, he changed his angle and hit it directly, feeling his cock slip inside what felt like a little pocket inside her.

"Ah fuck!" Rias screamed. "Right there!"

He started hitting that spot on every thrust and picked up his pace until he was truly pounding the devil under him. Her breasts rolled and jiggled against his chest as he leaned in, burying his face in the crook of her neck. His strange new instincts hadn't failed him yet, and just as he had been sure that there was a spot deep inside her that he should hit, he was sure that one of her sensitive erogenous zones was there. Bringing his lips to her neck, he began sucking gently on that spot, and her reaction was immediate.

"HARRY!" Rias squealed at the top of her lungs, her nails raking down his back as pleasure consumed her.

The feeling of her inhumanly tight pussy spasming around his cock was incredible, and he was surprised that he didn't cum again despite his recent orgasm, but he found that he suddenly had significant control over his pleasure and was able to fuck the screaming vixen through her titanic climax.

"That was...wait...are you still…" Rias panted.

"I'm nowhere near done with you," Harry said, his voice deep and rumbling as he looked her right in the eye.

Rias stared back at him wide-eyed, looking like she was wondering what kind of monster she had created. Harry didn't know what had come over him either, but he wasn't about to question it, not when he had far better things to do with his time.

Like fucking Rias Gremory's brains out.
​
*****
​
"YES, YES, YES, YES!" Rias screamed into the sheets as she came yet again, her voice rough and hoarse from overuse. She was lying prone on the bed as Harry took her from behind, his hips making her wonderfully plump arse jiggle every time they smacked it.

Harry didn't know how long he had been fucking her for at this point, though it could easily have been hours from how tired he felt. The two of them had both cum multiple times, three times for him and countless more for her. She was an exhausted wreck, drenched in sweat from head to toe. It had been a while since he had heard her use a word with more than one syllable, but then, neither of them were very talkative in that moment.

Feeling himself reaching his limit again, Harry let go with a roar of her name, filling her tight tunnel with even more of his cum and collapsed on top of her, barely managing to hold himself up. He buried his face in her sweat-dampened hair and breathed in her scent as he panted for breath, feeling like that might actually be his limit. As his overused cock finally softened, he rolled over, and she immediately dragged herself over to rest her head on his chest.

"So...good," she panted and Harry closed his eyes, lazily running his fingers through her hair as he waited for sleep to claim him.

"I must say that I didn't expect you to stoop to this level, Rias," a cold, emotionless voice said, shocking him out of her near-sleep.

Harry opened his eyes to see that the curtains around his bed had been thrown open, and a silver-haired woman in a French maid outfit was glaring down at them.

"Huh?" was the only thought his tired brain managed.​
​

My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next chapter of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Apr 5, 2024
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Peverell Hunter, MyddynEmrys and 965 others
voivode_writer
Apr 2, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 2
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Apr 30, 2024
Add bookmark
#31
"Who the hell…" Harry went to ask.


"What an apt turn of phrase," the silver-haired woman said dryly, holding her hand out towards them.


It was engulfed in a circle of silver light that had symbols similar to the ones that Rias had appeared in. Exhausted as he was, Harry tried to scramble for his wand, but he was too late, and the spell that the woman cast hit them both.


"Oh, I...oh, hello Grayfia," Rias said as she woke up and sat up.


Harry barely noticed what she said or the next thing that this Grayfia said to her, as he was too busy being amazed by how suddenly good he felt. It was almost as though he had slept through the entire night, which he knew that he hadn't come close to managing.


"Sirzechs was hoping that you'd come up with a more elegant solution than this," Grayfia commented.


"It worked, didn't it?" Rias asked petulantly. "Without my virtue, I can't be sold off to Riser."


"There will be consequences for going about it like this," Grayfia said. "You do realize that, right?"


"Nothing that my family can't handle," Rias said. "It's not as though anything has actually been signed yet."


"And him?" Grayfia asked, pointing at him.


"He's…" Rias went to reply.


"What the fuck?" Ron asked, having been woken by the noise.


The redhead poked his head out from the curtains, and his eyes went wide as he saw Rias sitting in Harry's bed, completely naked. His eyes trailed up and down her body as though he was unsure of where he wanted to look most, and Harry was about to cover her up with his hands when Grayfia held up her hand again.


"Sleep," she commanded, and Ron was hit by a burst of light that knocked him unconscious. Similar lights went off behind the curtains of the other beds.


"What did you do to him?" Harry asked. He might have been pissed at Ron for being a pillock, but that didn't mean that he wanted him harmed. Grayfia turned to him and his breath hitched as she seemed to peer almost through him. Her cold eyes were as red as Rias' hair, something that he'd been too tired to notice at first.


"I put him back to sleep and removed his memory of seeing us," she replied stoically. "I've also ensured that the others won't wake for a few more hours as well."


"I wish you'd waited for morning," Rias grumbled.


"I did," Grayfia said, fluttering the heavy curtains enough to show off the bright light of the sun.


"Oh," Rias said in surprise. Turning to him, she said, "I guess you went all night, stud."


"I er…" Harry stammered, growing flustered.


"You were amazing," Rias said, wrapping her arms around his shoulders and kissing his cheek. "I couldn't have asked for a better first time."


Unshakably aware of the other woman staring at them, Harry felt his face grow red at the sudden affection.


"Now let's get that evil piece in you," Rias said.


"Your parents ordered me to return you to them in all haste," Grayfia said. "I've stretched things as it is."


"I made a deal with Harry here," Rias said. "His life's in danger, and he needs a boost to his powers. I offered to make him my bonded servant in exchange for relieving me of my virtue."


"Hmm," Grayfia said. "A shade cleverer than I thought. As your servant, he'll be spared the wrath of the Phenexes unless they want to end up at odds with the Gremorys, which won't be worth it when there wasn't even a contract to violate yet."


"Mmhmm," Rias yawned. "Everyone will be disappointed, my mother most of all, but there's no need for bloodshed. Now, what to pick?"


"As a spellcaster, bishop would probably be for the best," Grayfia said.


"I was thinking that, yes," Rias said, picking out a white bishop piece.


"Wait a minute," Harry said. "Why are they chess pieces?"


"We're in a hurry, so I'll explain quickly," Grayfia said. "Lord Ajuka is fanatically fond of chess, and he invented them, so they're based on the game."


"Now hold still," Rias said. "This won't hurt a bit."


As she pressed the bishop against his chest, it began to glow a bright red, and to Harry's amazement, it slipped inside his chest. There was no pain or even itchiness as a foreign object was inserted into him. That changed a moment later, as his scar burned and the bishop was thrown out of his chest and onto the bed.


"What the hell?" Rias asked as Harry rubbed his scar.


"Fuck," he groaned, wincing at the lingering, though fading, headache.


"I've never seen that happen before," Grayfia said in surprise. It was the most emotion that she'd expressed yet.


"I think it might be my scar," Harry said. "It burned before the bishop was rejected."


"Let's try a rook," Rias said, frantically pushing the other piece inside him before he could say a word.


He groaned in pain as his scar flared again and the rook was thrown out of his chest again.


"Why isn't it working?!" Rias exclaimed, sounding scared.


"I told you it's my curse scar," Harry said through gritted teeth.


"Harry, you don't understand!" Rias said. "If you aren't my servant, I can't protect you from the Phenexes."


"Rias, you're overlooking something," Grayfia said calmly. "No mere curse could keep an evil piece from taking hold. Since Ajuka invented them, they haven't failed once. Not in humans, fallen angels, or even dragons. This is a mystery, and if there is one thing that Ajuka loves, it's solving mysteries."


"So Harry will end up under his protection," Rias said, calming down a bit.


"Who is Ajuka?" Harry asked. "I know you said that he's the one who invented the evil pieces, but is he powerful?"


Rias laughed at that. "Ajuka is my brother's best friend and is second only to him in power. They are two of the four Satans, the leaders of the Underworld. Being under his protection is better than being under ours. The chance of the Phenexes coming after you under our protection was negligible, but there is no chance that they'd risk his wrath."


"Oh, good," Harry said.


"Now, if that's all…" Grayfia said, trailing off as she swept her hand over them. They were quickly cleaned, and their scattered clothes were put back on them. "We need to get going."


"Um, I'm going to be missed if I'm gone long," Harry said.


"It's Saturday," Grayfia said. "No one will notice your absence; I'll see to that.


Content with her assurances, Harry got out of bed, holding Rias' hand as they stepped close to Grayfia.


"So how does this work?" Harry asked. He had always heard that you couldn't apparate in and out of Hogwarts, but he had summoned Rias, and Grayfia had appeared of her own will.


Instead of answering him, Grayfia just enveloped him in her magic, and in a flash, they were gone. A moment later, they reappeared just inside a very stately-looking mansion, and Harry was shocked at having finally found a form of magical transportation that didn't suck.


"That was awesome," he said without thinking.


"So you've been returned to us at last, my daughter," a melodious but pissed-sounding voice said a moment later.


"It was a few hours, Mother," Rias said as Harry turned to look at who had spoken.


"Venelana?!" Harry exclaimed in shock, only to freeze at the realization of what he'd just done.


"You know me, human?" Venelana asked, furrowing her brow.


"Um, how do you know my mother's name?" Rias asked, sounding confused.


He almost wished that the ground would swallow him whole in that moment before remembering that he was very likely in the Underworld.


"Um, that book I read that told me how to summon you had some...accounts of certain devils the author had interacted with," Harry replied.


"No account could make you that certain about who I am," Venelana said. "There were pictures too, yes?"


"Yes," Harry said, hoping that she wasn't about to attack him.


"My, my, if it's the one I'm thinking of, it's been centuries since that thing was done," Venelana chuckled. "Was it animated?"


"Yes," Harry said.


"Just what kind of portrait was this?" Rias asked.


"Nude, dear," Venelana replied, looking amused by how her daughter bristled. "I was summoned by a magician back in the sixteenth century who had managed to master magically capturing images on vellum. I can't recall his name."


"That's besides the point, dear," the man next to her said. With his crimson hair and goatee, Harry guessed he was Rias' father. "I expected you to try and connive a way out of the arrangement with Riser, but to stoop to sullying yourself with a random human. I expected something with a little finesse, darling."


"Wait, you expected me to try to find my way out of this?" Rias asked, confused.


"Of course," Venelana said, like it was obvious. "You'd be a poor devil if you just succumbed to a fate you didn't want. Did Lucifer just accept the role that the Tyrant created him for? Of course not. He rebelled, stole enough of the book of creation to make his own army, and rocked the very foundations of the heavens. I expected you to try to find a way out of this. I just hoped that you'd be a little more...creative."


Rias just stared at her mother in shock, as though she couldn't believe what she was hearing.


"I suppose the human will appease the Phenexes enough," her father said nonchalantly.


"No!" Rias said. "Harry's not going anywhere."


"If you didn't want him to be handed over, why did you not make him your servant?" her father asked, looking puzzled.


"Apparently she tried, Zeoticus," a voice came from the next room.


A man walked in then who radiated power like no one Harry had ever seen. He was young, though everyone he'd met so far looked young. Even Venelana, who had apparently been alive for centuries, looked barely any older than her own daughter. The man had green hair, which he kept slicked back, and was wearing an expensive-looking suit. His blue eyes were exceedingly calculating, as though he were mentally breaking down everything that he beheld to understand the parts. When he focused on Harry, he looked deeply interested, and the young wizard didn't know whether to be relieved or scared to be of interest to who he assumed was Ajuka.


Grayfia walked in then, with another man at her side, and this one Harry couldn't help but shiver at the sight of. He was also young, and looked a lot like Zeoticus, though he was clean-shaven, but looks were where the similarities ended. Zeoticus felt no different from the other devils he had seen so far, and only Ajuka had truly felt palpably powerful, but even he paled next to this one.


Beholding the face of Voldemort sticking out of Quirrell's head had been terrifying, as even in his diminished form, he had felt powerful, but he too had nothing on this man. Looking at Voldemort was like looking at a mortal threat, but looking at the young, crimson-haired man was like looking at the face of death itself.


"And I fucked his sister," Harry thought to himself, a shudder going through him.


"My darling wife tells us that the evil pieces failed," the crimson-haired man said, his voice deep but light and nonthreatening.


"Wife?" Harry asked the first thing that occurred to him.


"Sirzechs," Grayfia complained. "Not when I'm working."


"Sorry, darling," Sirzechs said, sounding not sorry at all.


"Failed?" Venelana asked.


"Yes," Rias replied. "I tried a bishop and a rook, and both just popped right out. It wasn't like it is when the piece isn't strong enough. I felt that when I tried to give Akeno one of my rooks."


"My scar also burned," Harry added.


"Curious," Ajuka said, walking right up to him and hovering a hand over his forehead. "I assume you mean this one."


"Yes," Harry said. "I've had it since I was a baby when a wizard tried to kill me and blew himself up instead."


Ajuka just blinked. "Zeoticus, do you mind if I make use of your study for a couple hours?"


"Not at all, my lord," Zeoticus replied.


"Good," Ajuka said. "Come. You're going to explain to me everything you know about the incident and your scar, and then I'm going to run some tests."


"Be aware that he's hyped up on an energy spell," Grayfia said.


"Then we'd best be quick," Ajuka said.


Harry gave Rias one last look, feeling a little better when she smiled at him and followed Ajuka.


"Why do we have to be quick?" he asked.


"I assume that Grayfia came upon you two as you were finishing?" Ajuka asked.


"Probably just after," Harry replied, trying not to look embarrassed.


"She hit you with a spell meant to refresh you so she didn't have to carry you two in here," Ajuka said, "but it's temporary. Think of it like sugar."


"So I'm going to crash," Harry said.


"Indeed," Ajuka said, opening the door to a small, richly decorated room. He turned the high-backed chair at the desk around and pointed to a smaller chair off to the side as he sat down. "Now tell me more about this attempt on your life when you were a baby."


"There was a terrible wizard who called himself Lord Voldemort," Harry said. "He tried to take over magical Britain and nearly succeeded. There were plenty who opposed him, my parents among them, but he was as powerful as he was brutal. On Halloween night of 1981, he came to the cottage where my parents were hiding from him and killed them. When he tried to kill me, though, something went wrong."


"What happened?" Ajuka asked.


"No one really knows," Harry replied. "His spell hit me, but he was the one destroyed. For some reason, I lived, with only this scar to show for his attempt to kill me."


"So the scar is over a decade old and hasn't faded at all," Ajuka said, tapping his chin. "Does it hurt?"


"Most of the time, no," Harry replied.


"Explain," Ajuka commanded.


"Voldemort was destroyed that night, but he isn't truly dead," Harry said.


"He survived death?" Ajuka asked.


"Professor Dumbledore, er, the headmaster at my school says that he's a wraith now," Harry said. "He possessed one of my teachers in my first year there and tried to kill me. Multiple times over the year, when I looked at him, my scar burned."


"Curious," Ajuka said. "You're still alive, so I assume things went poorly for him."


"He was trying to get his hands on the Philospher's Stone, trying to use it to restore himself," Harry said. "It was in the castle, and when I went to stop him, I touched him, and he burned under my touch, turning to ash."


"Like your scar burned when you looked at him," Ajuka commented, tapping his chin again. "Has it burned since?"


"It did when I rejected the evil pieces, and…" Harry trailed off for a moment. "I've been having dreams this year, dreams of him, dreams that I don't think are dreams. He's stronger now, somehow, and I think he's close to coming back."


Ajuka chuckled softly, staring at nothing for a moment before saying, "this is a fascinating case. To summarize, this man tried to kill you as a baby, failed for reasons that remain elusive, and gave you a cursed scar that burns in his presence as he managed to evade his death. Flight from death, that's what his name means. A psudenym, of course."


"His real name was Tom Riddle," Harry said.


"Irreleveant," Ajuka said dismissively. "Now you're connected to him in some way, and he can't touch you without burning even a host body. These dreams seem to be from his perspective, I assume."


"Yes," Harry said.


"Fascinating," Ajuka said, "and absolutely none of this explains why in the Underworld his curse would interfere with the evil pieces. You, my young friend, just became my new research project. We'll be going to my lab after we leave here."


"I can't stay here!" Harry exclaimed. "I have school…"


"Your paltry education is nothing compared to what I could teach you if I deign to," Ajuka said coldly, "and this conundrum with the evil pieces could spell doom for my people."


"Even if I wanted to stay here, I couldn't," Harry said. "The whole reason that I summoned Rias in the first place is that I've been entered into a deadly tournament against my will. If I don't compete, I'll lose my magic and die. Like it or not, the only way you're going to study me if I return to Hogwarts, learn what the three tasks I need to compete in are, prepare for them, and survive."


"Annoying," was all Ajuka said to that. "Do you know what any of these tasks are going to be?"


"The first one is a task of bravery and cunning and involves dragons," Harry said. "I think that I'm going to need to get something from a dragon, preferably without becoming barbeque in the process."


"Hmm," Ajuka said, tapping his chin again. "Rias was hoping that remaking you as a devil would make you powerful enough to deal with the dragon by force, which it would have, of course. Bereft of that option, we'll need to be more cunning. Are you capable of summoning objects?"


"Yes," Harry said. "I learned the spell because my initial plan was to summon my broom and try to fly around the dragon."


Ajuka just stared blankly at him for a moment before rolling his eyes. Holding out his right hand, it glowed in teal light for a moment, and a small, dark-colored ring appeared in his palm. It too glowed teal for a moment, and afterward, little runes appeared engraved in the metal.


"Unless your tournament organizers are morons, they'll have enchanted the thing you need to steal from the dragon to prevent summoning," he said. "This will let you bypass such enchantments."


"Do I wear it?" he asked, concerned slightly because it looked like it might barely fit on his pinky finger.


"No," Ajuka said. "You slip this thing on your wand, and whatever spell you cast, it will ignore all attempts to stop it. You'll only get one spell out of it, though, as it will turn to dust once its charge is used up."


"Thank you," Harry said, taking the ring and pocketing it.


"Technically speaking, I suppose I don't need you here constantly to study the problem," Ajuka sighed, "but I will be calling on you often over the coming months."


"So long as I survive the tournament, I'll help you however I can," Harry said.


"Now," Ajuka said, waving his hand and summoning a small hospital bed. "Lie down here, and we'll get started on the tests."

*****



"I can't believe this was all a test," Rias said as she sat down across from her mother.



"Thank you, dear," Venelana said, smiling at the servant who had brought her tea. "Do you want anything, Rias?"



"No point," Rias sighed. "I'm going to pass out soon enough anyway."



"That will be all," Venelana said, dismissing the servant. "It was and wasn't a test."



"What do you mean?" Rias asked.



Her mother sighed in pleasure as she tasted the tea and set it back down on the saucer.



"The benefits I saw in the union were perfectly valid," she said. "Uniting the Gremorys and the Phenexes together would have been quite the coup, especially if you and Riser managed to have a truly powerful child or two. That said, you made your opposition to the idea plain as day. and so I wanted to see how you'd get out of it. If you succeeded, you'd prove yourself to be an eminently capable devil, and if you failed, we would get the benefits of the marriage."



"So you'd get something out of it either way," Rias said.



"The greatest skill I could ever impart on you, my dear, is learning how to set up your board so that no matter the outcome, you win something," Venelana said.



"In the end, every single thing is chess," Rias said, quoting her brother.



"The heavenly host has their unity; the fallen have their way with humans; but we devils have our cunning," Venelana said. "Our disadvantages are terrible, and even with the evil pieces, we'll never be able to challenge our great foes openly. The Great War proved that. To survive in this world, you must truly embody what it means to be a devil. Adaptability, cunning, ruthlessness, these are our ways. Whether you proved yourself capable of forging your own path or ended up with an immortal husband willing to kill in your defense, you'd have been safer in my eyes, and for a species as long-lived and infertile as ours, nothing is more important than ensuring the safety of your children. You found a way to escape Riser, and I am proud of that, though I wish you'd found a more impressive way."



"Oh, I don't know," Rias smirked. "I'd say Harry's plenty impressive."



"He's rather cute, your human," Venelana said. "Perhaps I should send him another picture."



"Mother!" Rias exclaimed.



"Oh, relax, dear, I'm kidding," Venelana laughed. "So, how was he?"



"Divine," Rias sighed before furrowing her brow and adding, "and strange."



"How so?" Venelana asked, sipping her tea.



"He was a virgin and a rather clueless one at that to start," Rias said. "He has his perks and showed promise, but after he finished the first time, it was like something awoke inside him. He became a ravenous beast after that, taking me again and again until I was exhausted. To be honest, if Grayfia hadn't arrived when she did, I'd have slept the day away."



"His first time?" Venelana asked, blinking. "That is odd."



"I'm not complaining," Rias said. "I hope Lord Ajuka figures this out quickly. I want him as my servant. There's power in him, and I honestly think he could be a useful addition to my peerage on top of the other benefits of keeping him around."



Her mother just chuckled and finished her tea as she fought back a yawn.



"I guess Grayfia's spell is wearing off," Venelana said. "Head to bed, dear. We'll talk later."



"Alright," Rias yawned, feeling the sudden exhaustion hit her hard. "Night, mother."



*****



Female giggling was the first thing Harry registered when he woke up hours later, and he struggled for a minute to remember where he was. Ajuka had run a number of tests on him that he barely understood, most of which involved those silent spells that the devils cast. He had also drawn blood to test it, though Harry had no idea how the curse could be in it since it had always seemed contained in his forehead. He didn't recall leaving the study, which likely meant that he passed out during the test. The female voice mumbled something, and Harry assumed that Rias had come to check on him.



"Rias?" he asked as his eyes slowly opened.



"Not quite," the woman replied, and he jerked backward. All he could make out without his glasses was that the woman had very dark hair.



"There's no need to be scared," the woman laughed. "I would never hurt someone so precious to Rias without permission."



"Mine or hers?" Harry asked.



"Your glasses are on that end table behind your head," the woman said.



He reached around and grabbed them, not taking his eyes off of her, and once he could see clearly, he struggled not to let his jaw drop. The dark-haired woman was beautiful, at least as beautiful as Rias, and had possibly even larger breasts. She was wearing a simple violet sundress that hugged her bountiful chest nicely and complimented her eyes, which were about the same color. She was pale, though she looked like she might be partially mixed-race, with a heart-shaped face and plump lips that were curled in an amused smile as she stared down at him.



"I must say that when I advised Rias to fuck the magician who summoned her, I never imagined that you'd be quite this handsome," Akeno purred, placing a knee on the bed as she leaned towards him. "It almost makes me wish you'd summoned me."



Harry flushed at her forwardness and just gawked, unsure of what to say.



"Oh my!" Akeno laughed. "You're so easily flustered too. I hope Rias keeps you around. I suspect you're going to be a lot of fun."



"That's enough, Akeno," Rias said as she walked into the room.



"Rias!" Harry exclaimed, surprised by just how pleased he was to see her.



"Harry," she replied, smiling warmly down at him. Turning to the dark-haired woman, she said, "Akeno, this is Harry Potter. Harry, this is Akeno Himejima, my queen."



"Oh," Harry said, realizing that this was the lover Rias had mentioned. The idea of Rias having sex with another woman was hot enough before he knew she looked like this. With all of his willpower, he put that image out of his mind and asked, "so you have one of the evil pieces in you?"



"Deep inside," Akeno sighed, her eyes lidded. When Harry blushed again, she laughed.



"So you were human?" Harry asked once he'd recovered.



"Yup," Akeno replied, though her purple eyes dimmed slightly.



"Akeno is the first member of my peerage," Rias said, stepping forward, "and my best friend, among other things."



The tone of her voice was lower on those last few words, and Harry felt his cock throb almost painfully. Sadly, even more than arousal, he felt an acute need to relieve his bladder, which the erection was not helping with.



"Um, where's the nearest bathroom?" Harry asked.



"Right through that door," Rias said, pointing behind him.



"Excuse me," Harry said, trying to get out of bed and turn around as quickly as he could.



"Um, was that real?" he heard Akeno ask as he closed the bathroom door, proving that he hadn't been quick enough.



Staring down at the toilet as he lowered his pants, he glared at his hard-on and tried to will it to relax. Eventually, thinking of his oldest professors helped calm his turgid cock, and he sighed in relief as he was able to pee. That taken care of, he returned to the bedroom and found Rias grinning down at a stunned-looking Akeno, who was sitting cross-legged on the bed. As he walked inside, she turned and looked at him with such hunger in her eyes that he felt his cock twitch. He was about to ask what they were talking about when his stomach gurgled audibly.



Rias' lips twitched, and she said, "neither of us have eaten since yesterday, so I figured that you might be as hungry as I am. Come, and we can eat together."



"Sounds good," Harry said, smiling as the two of them stood up.



Following them, his eyes naturally fell on their equally gorgeous, round arses, which looked incredible in the short skirts they were wearing.



"So Rias told me that you found the ritual you used to summon her in a book," Akeno said.



"Yes, a...friend gave it to me," Harry said, unsure of what exactly to call Luna. "It had been in her family for some time."



"And she wanted to help you because of this tournament you were forced into?" Akeno asked.



"Yes, I've been meaning to ask; did Ajuka help you with that?" Rias asked.



"Yes," Harry replied. "He gave me something that should make the first task simple."



"Good," Rias said. "I was worried at first when the evil pieces failed because I thought that the Phenexes might come after you, and it was only when I woke up that I remembered the reason you summoned me in the first place."



"No, it should be al…" Harry trailed off as they entered a small dining room, and he beheld the table full of food that awaited him.



The spread of plainly decadent meals made the Hogwarts feasts look simple, and he couldn't believe the sheer amount that was there.



"I was unsure of what you liked, so I had the servants whip up a spread," Rias explained as she sat down. "Come, dig in. I know you're hungry."



Everything looked wonderful, and he wasn't sure where to start, but his eyes quickly fell on a baked dish that looked to be full of beef. It smelled wonderful, and he decided to cut himself a slice, moving it quickly to the plate by his chair and digging in.



"Oh man," he moaned at the first bite. "What is this?"



"Beef Wellington," Rias replied as she dug into a bowl of soup that looked like it contained an assortment of different foods, most of which were sticking out of it. "It's one of my father's favorite dishes."



"It's fantastic," Harry said.



"So, Harry," Akeno said. "How exactly did you get forced into this tournament?"



"It's a competition between three schools, each of which gets one champion," Harry explained. "The selections were done by this enchanted goblet, and everyone who wanted to enter and was old enough placed their names in it before the selection. The three champions were chosen; it looked like everything was going to go smoothly, and then a fourth name was spat out by it."



"Yours," Akeno guessed.



"Yeah," Harry replied. "I'm out of my depth with this thing and knew that I needed help. When Luna gave me that book, I decided to give it a shot."



"You're lucky you summoned me," Rias said.



"I know I am," Harry murmured, looking into her gorgeous blue eyes.



Rias blushed and said, "that's not what I meant. Members of some of the other houses would not have been less kind than I was."



"The book did describe all of the surviving clans and how generally friendly they were to humans," Harry said.



"Can I see the book?" Akeno asked. "I'm curious what the magician who wrote it thought of the different houses."



"Um, well," Harry went to say.



"The book has a number of magical illustrations as well," Rias said. "Including one of my mother, in which she's apparently nude."



"Oh, now I have to see it!" Akeno exclaimed. When Rias just looked at her flatly, she added, "what?" Your mother's gorgeous, Rias."



"I've noticed you ogling before," Rias said dryly.

"Don't worry," Akeno laughed, "you'll always be my favorite devil, though if Lord Ajuka gets the evil pieces working, I fear I won't be yours for long."



"Huh?" Harry asked.



"Rias was very explicit earlier when she described just what a beast you are in bed," Akeno purred, her purple eyes darkening with lust.



"I...I…" Harry stuttered at that.



"What was it you said, a foot-long cock?" Akeno asked.



"I didn't say it was a foot-long; I said it felt that long," Rias said, grinning at Harry's discomfort.



"Um, I'm glad that isn't going to be a problem," Harry said, slowly getting himself under control. "Rias told me about you and her."



"Rias and I have been spending our nights together for a while," Akeno said, wrapping an arm around the gorgeous redhead and resting her head on her shoulder. "You don't need to worry about me, though, babe. I'm not the jealous type, I'm more the sharing type."



Harry felt sudden pressure on his cock and moaned loudly, both in shock and at how good it felt. Looking down, he spotted a foot pressing against him.



"Oh my, he does feel big," Akeno purred. "You're going to hurt so good going in."



"But that will have to be after we eat," Rias said, and Akeno immediately removed her foot.



"What?" Harry asked.



"So tell me, is this tournament your first brush with danger?" Akeno asked, sounding completely nonchalant as she returned to her meal as well.



Harry just gaped at them both for a moment as his painfully hard cock throbbed in his pants. Devils might not have been the monsters they were portrayed as in most fiction, but he couldn't say that they weren't evil.



*****



"...and so I shoved my arm inside its mouth and stabbed it right in the brain," Harry said as he finished his third helping of food, a rice and spinach dish that was absolutely amazing.



"You killed a sixty-foot-long, venomous serpent with a small sword?" Rias asked as Akeno just blinked. "How were you not killed?"



"It was a close call," Harry said. "The basilisk bit me as I stabbed it, but thanks to phoenix tears, it didn't kill me."



"Phenex tears?" Akeno asked. "I thought that Rias was the first devil you met."



"Oh, sorry, I should have mentioned that Fawkes is a phoenix," Harry said. "That's how he was able to teleport in the hat I pulled the sword from, and he managed to save my life. Before that, though, I pulled the fang in my shoulder out and stabbed the diary with it, destroying it. After that, Ginny woke up, and once I'd healed up, we left the chamber."



"What did you do with the basilisk corpse?" Rias asked.



"Hmm?" Harry asked. "I left it where it was."



"Don't let my mother hear that; she might actually kill you," Rias said. "That thing would be worth a fortune."



"Truly?" Harry asked. "That sucks. I didn't even think of trying to get it harvested, but it'd be far too late now."



"Not necessarily," Rias said. "It was a thousand years old and spent every day of its life in a school full of magical children. In all likelihood, it will take another year before enough of its inherent magic has dissipated for it to start decomposing. Your date with the dragon is the day after tomorrow, right?"



"Yes," Harry replied.



"Then that evening, I'll drop by, and we can look at the basilisk together," Rias said. "Mother deals in rare magical ingredients and would be more than capable of having the corpse harvested, for a percentage of the eventual profits, of course."



"That sounds great," Harry said.



"So you saved your entire school," Akeno said. "You were a hero. Add in your good looks, and every girl there must be into you."



"Not really," Harry said.



"So no one rewarded you for your heroics?" Akeno asked, standing up.



"I, uh, was given an award for special services to the school," Harry replied, looking over to the flirtatious brunette as she walked around the table to him.



"That's not the kind of reward I was talking about," Akeno said, looking down at him with hungry eyes. "Your friend's little sister didn't climb into your bed to thank you for saving her life?"



"Thi...this was years ago," Harry said. "We were all little."



"You're certainly not little now," Akeno whispered, climbing into his lap.



Before Harry could say anything, she pressed her lips against his and started grinding her panties-covered, furnace of a pussy against him. Harry groaned into her mouth, and she giggled into his, grasping his head in her hands and pressing her nails gently against his scalp. He deepened the kiss, plunging his tongue into her mouth, and reached down to cup her wonderfully round arsecheeks.



"Well, that's every bit as hot as I thought it would be," Rias commented.



"Mmm," Akeno moaned as she broke the kiss and looked back at Rias. "Can we have fun now? Telling me the story of how he utterly ravaged you last night and making me wait has been pure torture."



"You've been tortured?" Harry asked. "I've been hard all through breakfast!"



"Brunch, really," Rias said, walking over to them. Settling a hand on Akeno's head, she said, "you've been very patient; you're such a good girl."



Harry's eyes went wide as Rias leaned in and kissed Akeno deeply. His only prior experience with seeing two women kiss was when he'd managed to catch a quick glimpse of one of Dudley's porno mags and this was so much better than that. The two kissed passionately, their tongues dueling for dominance within their mouths, until Rias reached behind her head and tugged on her hair.



"Don't buy into her complaints," Rias said as Akeno let out a mix between a whimper and a moan that made his cock throb painfully. "Akeno likes to be teased."



"Yes, master...fuck!" Akeno cried. "I rubbed myself raw thinking about you tying down some magician and using him for your pleasure last night, but the real story was so much better."



"Did you cum?" Rias asked.



"Mmhmm," Akeno replied, her eyes full of mischief.



"Cumming without permission," Rias tutted. "I think my brat needs a reminder of who she belongs to."



"Holy shit!" Harry gasped, more aroused than he could ever remember being before.



"Get up," Rias ordered, and Akeno obeyed, qiuckly climbing out of his lap. Turning to him, she said, "come, Harry. I think those large, strong hands of yours could be of help in disciplining Akeno."



She waved her hand, and a leash appeared, connecting to the choker Harry hadn't even noticed Akeno was wearing. Akeno walked dutifully ahead of her as they moved past the room Harry had woken up in and towards Rias's room. They passed a few servants on the way, and Harry thought he should be embarrassed, or at least cover up his massive bulge, but they didn't even seem to notice that Rias was leading Akeno around by a leash.



"I owe Luna so much," he thought to himself.



They eventually reached a room far more ornately decorated than the guest room he'd been in, and Akeno wasted no time bending over the large bed in the center of it.



"Raise your skirt and lower your panties," Rias said.



Akeno flipped her short skirt up, revealing her large bubblebutt and lacy black panties. Those panties fell down to her ankles a moment later, and Harry was gifted with a few of her pink pussy. She was visibly wet, he noticed, but more than that, he saw that her nether lips were smaller than Rias'.



"Now, since Harry was so very good to me last night, I think I'm going to gift him the right to spank you," Rias said, and Harry's eyes widened. Grinning at him as she turned the chair at her desk around to face the bed and sat down, she said, "don't hold back now. She'll never learn if it doesn't hurt."



"A...are you sure?" he asked, unsure of who he was questioning.



"Quite," Rias said. "Begin."



Harry had never done this before, or anything like it, really, but if the way that Akeno was dripping arousal on the floor was any indication, she was very into this, so he was happy to try. Raising his hand up, he brought it down onto one of her cheeks, watching mesmerized by the way it rippled.



"Um, what was that?" Akeno asked, turning around to look at him.



"Huh?" Harry asked, confused.



"I was looking to be spanked, not gently tapped," Akeno said. "Hit me like you aren't a three-year-old girl."



Harry spanked her again, hitting the other cheek, and he was sure that he hit her harder, but she just sounded frustrated.



"She's not fragile, you know," Rias said. "There's nothing you could do to her just spanking her that would cause lasting harm, and if I could break character for a moment, she fucking loves it. Hit her like you mean it."



smack.



"Ugh," Akeno hissed. "You were entered into a tournament against your will, and rather than try to help you, your entire school blamed you for it and saw you as the problem."



Smack.



"Hmm," Akeno purred. "I actually felt that one. Your potions teacher is a giant prick who hates you for no reason."



SMACK.



"Ahh!" Akeno whimpered. "Your best friend turned on you over the tournament after everything you'd been through together."



SMACK



"Fuck!" Akeno cried. "Just like that!"



"Count them," Rias commanded.



That last one actually hurt Harry's hand, but he didn't care. Raining blow after blow down on her lily-white ass, switching from cheek to cheek each time, he watched it slowly turned. a deep red as he worked out years of frustration.



"Nineteen!" Akeno screamed. "Fuck...twenty!"



"Slap her pussy!" Rias ordered, and he did so without question.



"FUCK!" Akeno shrieked, falling forward onto the bed as she came.



Her orgasm snapped Harry out of the near-trance he'd been in, and he watched her convulse on the bed in shock. A moment later, the pain in his right hand registered, and he shook it to try and soothe it.



"Nicely done," Rias said, standing up. With a wave of her hand, all three of them were instantly naked, and she grasped his rock-hard cock, staring up at him and saying, "she's going to want you to treat her like that often, by the way."



"So...good," Akeno panted as she came down from her high.



"She doesn't have a hymen, but no man has ever had her," Rias whispered in his ear. "She was waiting for one who seemed worthy, who might actually be able to handle her, and I think she's found one."



"F...fuck me," Akeno panted, rolling onto her back and spreading her legs.



"You heard the girl," Rias said, climbing into bed.



"Fucking hell, that thing's huge," Akeno said as Harry drew closer.



"It'll fit," Rias said reassuringly, brushing Akeno's hair out of her face. "Every single inch of it fits inside me, and I'm not that much taller than you."



"You also stretched quickly for me," Harry said. "I don't know if that's a devil thing or not."



"I don't know," Rias said, "but we are creatures of sin, including lust, so I wouldn't be surprised."



Reaching down, she spread Akeno's folds with her fingers and teased her clit gently, making her moan softly.



"I spent that entire brunch thinking about watching him split you in half," Rias purred.



"Ahh," Akeno gasped. "Do it, Harry. Fuck me!"



Harry grabbed his cock as he joined them on the bed and quickly lined himself up with her dripping pussy. Remembering what Rias said about her liking to be teased, he rubbed the bulbous head up and down through her folds and tapped her clit lightly. She whimpered, and he grinned at her, continuing to trace circles around her wet pussy. When sparks of lightning started to form around her fingers, however, he decided that he had teased her enough and nestled his head right by her opening.



"Oh fuck, that's going to stretch me so much!" Akeno gasped.



Harry just grinned and pushed forward, groaning as the first inch of his cock popped inside her.



"Shit!" Akeno swore, throwing her head back in pleasure. "Oh fuck, you're so big!"



"Merlin's balls, you're tight," Harry groaned, pushing forward again.



As before with Rias, Akeno felt insanely good around him, tight, wet, and hot as a furnace, but, though he could physically see that her pussy looked like it was being stretched to its limit, her molten insides yielded to his invading cock with ease. He conquered her inch by inch, until, at last, his balls were resting against her plump arse.



"Feels like you're in my fucking stomach," Akeno whimpered, reaching up to wrap her arms around him. "It doesn't hurt as much as I thought."



"That was my experience too," Rias said. "I imagine that if I hadn't made you a devil, it probably would have hurt more."



"We'll have to see if that's true when you fuck my ass," Akeno said.



"What?!" Harry asked.



"You didn't think I was only going to want to try and fit that monster of yours in one of my holes, did you?" Akeno asked, grinning wickedly at him. "That'll have to be another time, though."



"I think you can start moving now, Harry," Rias said, rising to her knees on the bed. "As you're having your fun, though, I intend to have mine."



Without another word, she crawled over and, hooking a knee over Akeno's chest, moved to straddle her face, facing Harry.



"Mmm, I was hoping that you'd sit on my face during my first time," Akeno cooed.



"Ahh, that's it," Rias moaned as Akeno started lapping at her heated sex. "Just wait until you feel his tongue, Akeno. He's even better at eating pussy than you and I are."



Akeno squeaked in surprise as much as pleasure as Harry eased a few inches of his cock out of her clinging depths and thrust back inside. The first time he buried himself inside Rias, it felt so impossibly good that he couldn't stop himself from cumming immediately. After that, he seemed to gain a great degree of stamina as if by magic, and for the rest of the night, he hadn't cum once without getting Rias off first, usually more than once. He'd wondered if that would last past the night, and as he buried himself inside Akeno, who felt just as wonderful, he was happy that it did.



Sinking his fingers into her hips, he worked up to a steady pace, avoiding going that hard just yet.

Looking up at Rias, he saw that her eyes were closed and her mouth was open as she moaned in pleasure at Akeno's ministrations. He was again taken aback at just how impossibly beautiful she was, bared to him as she was. She quivered slightly whenever Akeno licked something particularly sensitive, and the effect that had on her large breasts was almost hypnotic.



Akeno's breasts were even larger, and as Harry started picking up pace, fucking the gorgeous brunette harder, they began to roll and jiggle across her chest, towards Rias. He reached down and cupped the massive mounds, kneading the soft yet firm flesh eagerly. Akeno's moans, muffled as they were by Rias' body, grew louder and more desperate as he fucked her harder and faster, and when he started teasing her hard nipples between his fingers and thumbs, she let out a wail.



"Hmm," Rias sighed, grinning. "I daresay that you're enjoying yourself."



She raised herself up a bit, and Akeno cried, "yes, fuck, that feels so good!"



Rias laughed and lowered herself back down, smothering her first lover with her dripping, wet pussy.



"Slow down a bit, Harry," she said. "Akeno can cum when she's made me cum like a good girl."



Akeno didn't need words to express her displeasure there as she whined loudly against Rias' pussy, but that whine was quickly drowned out by Rias' loud moan as she pulled the other woman in closer and started swirling her tongue around her throbbing clit.



"Oh fuck, just like that!" Rias moaned, bracing herself on Harry's shoulders as she soared towards her peak. "Don't stop, don't stop, don't you dare fucking STOP!"



Rias shrieked as she came, leaning heavily on Harry as the pleasure coursed through her. Harry wrapped his arms around her, holding her tight as she came undone and pinched one of her nipples, making her yelp. She ground herself on Akeno's face as the waves of pleasure continued to crash over her, and the brunette moved away from her clit to lap up her fluids directly. When it finally passed and Rias slumped against, him, he helped ease her away from Akeno's face, and once she was lying down safely, he leaned in and kissed the brunette.



Akeno moaned into his mouth, and he groaned at tasting Rias's cunt on her lips, picking up his pace again until he was fucking her hard. She moved her legs up along his sides, and he reached down to grab them, pushing them back until her ankles were by her head.



"Mmm, a mating press, kind of," Akeno said, her violet eyes locked on his. "You could do anything to me like this."



"And what do you want me to do?" Harry asked.



"Fuck me until I forget my own name," Akeno purred.



Harry groaned and started fucking her harder and faster until he was outright pounding her into the bed.



"More, more, more, more!" Akeno cried, clawing at the sheet above her head. "I'm so close."



"I think I know what you need," Harry said, moving her ankles to his shoulders.



He reached down and took her breasts in his hands again, kneading them gently. As he moved to her nipples, he grew less gentle, and when he had them between his fingers and thumbs, he pinched them.

"FUCK!" Akeno screamed, cumming hard.



"Oh fuck, I knew you'd like that, you little pain slut," Harry groaned, too into the athletic fuck to think about what he was saying.



"Yes!" Akeno squealed, though whether she was agreeing with him or just screaming her pleasure, he didn't know.



Harry pulled out of her suddenly and flipped her onto her belly before entering her again in one brutal thrust. Her arse was still pink from her earlier spanking, and he rubbed his hands over the abused cheeks, making her moan.



"That...was fucking...amazing," Akeno panted as she came down from her orgasm.



"I'm not done with you yet," Harry said, working his cock in and out of her in the new position.



"He really isn't," Rias said, grazing her nails over Akeno's back. "I wasn't kidding when I said he went all night."



She grinned at him as she said that, and he pulled her in for a passionate kiss. Kissing one woman while he fucked another somehow felt dirtier than anything he had done yet. When he broke the kiss for air, he reached down and grabbed a handful of Akeno's hair, pulling her head back like he'd seen Rias do earlier.



"You really do like pain, huh?" he whispered in her ear.



"Ye...yes," Akeno whimpered, sounding close to another orgasm already. "Both experiencing and causing it."



That gave him pause for a second, as he thought that he really couldn't see himself enjoying being hurt, but he figured that would be something to decide another time. Keeping a hand on her hair, with her lying on her belly, he was again fucking her into the bed, and, just to see what would happen, he tried changing the angle of his thrusts. Akeno's moans didn't change, so he did it again, trying a few different things until it felt like the head of his cock slipped inside some kind of shallow opening deep within her.



"FUCK!" Akeno squealed, her whole body shaking from the intensity of whatever he had just hit. "Right there, right fucking there!"



No matter what Snape might say, Harry was actually capable of following clear instructions, and he started hitting that deep spot again and again with each thrust. Akeno's moans and cries became screams and shrieks as she raced towards another orgasm. Her whole body went taut under him as it drew close, and as he felt himself getting close as well, he knew that he needed to finish things quickly. Tugging on her hair again, he brought his other hand down on her arse, and the effect was immediate.



Akeno shrieked at the top of her lungs, the intensity of her orgasm robbing her of words. Clawing at the sheets in front of her, her whole body began to shake and convulse as ecstasy beyond her wildest dreams flooded her entire being. Harry felt her squirt around him, soaking the bed under them as her already tight tunnel began spasming and squeezing his cock, and it was too much for him. Groaning in pleasure, he came, filling her to the brim with rope after rope of his thick white cum. He fell forward, catching himself on his forearms, and buried his face in the crook of her neck as he came down from the high, panting for breath.



"Wow," Rias said, lying down next to them and running a hand over his back, "so that's what I looked like last night."



"Love...you," Akeno panted, grinning at Rias.



Rias laughed and kissed her dearest friend.



"When you can move, pull out of her," Rias said. "I want to slurp your cum from her pussy."



"I know this is hell," Harry said as he regained his breath, "but I'm pretty sure I'm in heaven."



The both of them laughed, and he pulled out of Akeno, rolling onto his back and staring at the ceiling. Rias rushed between Akeno's legs and leaned in until her nose was between the other woman's bountiful arsecheeks and her mouth was on her pussy. He felt his cock twitch despite how hard he just came, and as he noticed that Rias had a hand between her legs and was leisurely stroking her pussy, he knew that he wasn't going to be leaving this bed for hours, something that he had no problem at all with.



*****



Sirzechs strolled into Ajuka's palace with the same air of calm and comfort that he carried himself with everywhere, giving the guards a curt nod as they bowed their heads in respect. His old friend had seemed particularly intrigued by his new research subject, and given Rias' apparent affection for said subject, he thought it was a good idea to check in and see what he'd found. He had been to the palace countless times through the eons and knew both where Ajuka's lab was and the likelihood that his fellow Satan was holed up there at the moment. Sure enough, he found the green-haired man looking up at a screen and reading through notes.



"Is that about my sister's new paramour?" he asked as he entered.



"A most confounding case he's turning into," Ajuka grumbled, not even looking at him.



"I can imagine," Sirzechs commented. "The evil pieces have been a game changer for us. The idea that they can fail..."



"Is horrifying," Ajuka finished for him, tapping his chin in thought. "Oh, if only I had managed to duplicate Leviathan's work on the Incubus-Succubus project."



"I do wish that you'd stop beating yourself up over that," Sirzechs said. "Yes, you never figured out how Leviathan managed that, but then no one in her day knew how she'd done it either. Instead, you created the evil pieces and, through them, saved us from ruin."



"And they've worked flawlessly for centuries," Ajuka said. "Even Mephisto's mad attempt to use one on a dragon worked. The idea that a descendant of the Fallen could manage to find a way to stop them is troubling, to put it mildly."



"It was the curse in his scar, then?" Sirzechs asked.



"So it seems," Ajuka replied. "Truth be told, I doubt that what happened to him is terribly replicable. Somehow, he was hit with a curse as a baby that not only failed to kill him but also rebounded on the caster, killing him. Whatever it did, it's left a permanent mark on the boy that's interfering with the magic of the pieces."



"So we probably don't have to worry that much, given the unique circumstances," Sirzechs commented.



"Probably, but I'm not about to wager the survival of our species on something I'm not certain about," Ajuka said. "There's something else about young Harry that's equally troubling."



"What?" Sirzechs asked, his eyes narrowing.



"I've run every test I could think of on him," Ajuka said. "Some of the results won't be ready for days, but one that I did just for the sake of thoroughness has yielded results. There are very faint traces of demonic magic on him."



"Traces that couldn't have come from Rias?" Sirzechs asked.



"No," Ajuka replied. "They're too old for one thing, too faint. Beyond that, though, I know what your sister's magic feels like, and this is different. Whoever the devil was who came into contact with him, it's no one whose magic I recognize off the top of my head, and yet it does feel vaguely familiar."



"Hmm," Sirzechs said. "Do you think I should be worried?"



"About Rias, no," Ajuka said. "The boy's harmless and largely clueless. I questioned him extensively before Grayfia's spell wore off, and he honestly knew nothing about us. Even his attempt to summon a devil came from information that he only half-read. Whatever's going on with him, he's genuinely ignorant of it. In general, though, I am worried."



"I can see why," Sirzechs said. "The evil pieces failing would be bad enough, but if there's a stray devil involved…"



"We must proceed cautiously," Ajuka said, "and until I manage to figure out how his curse is interfering with the pieces, we need to keep a close eye on him."



"I'll see to it," Sirzechs said, nodding. "Rias will also be keeping a close eye on him, I'm sure."



Ajuka turned back to the screen, and Sirzechs quietly teleported home. He had a great deal to think about.


My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next chapter of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday please check out my Patreon.​
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Peverell Hunter, MyddynEmrys and 811 others
voivode_writer
Apr 30, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 3
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
May 28, 2024
Add bookmark
#56
Akeno's tortured scream echoed through the large, ornately furnished bedroom as her large, round arse lifted off the bed. Harry withdrew his vibrating tongue and massaged his aching jaw. The masochistic beauty had begged the both of them to experience parseltongue for herself, and Rias had agreed on the condition that they use it to test her limits. Believing that she'd be fine, Akeno agreed and actually shivered as Rias tied her arms and legs to the posts of the bed. That was a couple dozen orgasms ago, though, and now the glassy eyed, sweat-drenched woman was shaking like a leaf on the bed, her mascara streaking down her cheeks from her crying.

"I can't...I can't...I can't," Akeno babbled. "No more, please!"

"It's okay," Rias said soothingly as she stroked the other woman's long, dark hair. "If it's become too much for you, you just need to say the safe word and I'll let you go, but if you think you could manage one last tiny little orgasm…"

She trailed off, grinning devilishly down at Akeno, who looked like she was warring with herself. Harry didn't know if it was pride and her desire to prove to both of them and herself that she could endure more of this, or some sort of addiction to pleasure, but this wasn't the first time in the last hour and a half that he'd seen her have this internal debate.

"O...one more," Akeno whimpered, though if the way that her thighs tried to close, straining against the ropes holding her in place, was any indication, she wasn't entirely sure this time.

"You're such a good girl," Rias cooed, stroking her cheek. Turning to Harry, she said, "Break her."

Harry snorted and returned his face to between her thighs. Her nether lips looked an angry pink, and her engorged clit was nearly red from all the stimulation she had endured. The veritable river of arousal running down towards her puckered arsehole, however, showed just how much she had enjoyed this.

"Are you both sure?" he asked.

"Yes," Rias replied. "Akeno knows that to end this, she just has to say the word, and she will, when she'd had enough."

"Do...do it, Harry," Akeno shuddered. "I can take it."

The ear-piercing scream she let out when he just swiped his tongue over her clit brought that into question, but as he had learned in the time since she'd first undressed, pain was far from a turn-off for the devil in front of him.

Bringing his long, dexterous tongue out to play, he pressed it against her clit and said, "You asked for it."

"FUCK!" Akeno shrieked, a long single pronouncement that changed octaves multiple times before she ran out of breath. "It's too much; it's too much!"

"Then say the bloody word," Harry chuckled in parseltongue.

"I can't!" Akeno wailed as the pleasure grew so intense that it drove her to tears again.

"I know you can, my good girl," Rias purred, kneading one of the brunette's large breasts and pinching her nipple. "I know you have one more in you."

"Gah!" Akeno cried, tears streaming down her face again.

As Harry continued to vibrate his tongue against her tortured clit, she was reduced to wordless cries until, finally, a single squeal spilled from her full lips. Her whole body shook and convulsed like she was being electrocuted.

"Red!" she shrieked as it went on and on. "Redredred!"

"Alright, that's enough," Rias said, vanishing the ropes with a swipe of her hand and wrapping her arms around the shaking, crying girl. Stroking her hair, she said, "You were so good, Akeno. That was twenty-eight orgasms you managed."

"I guess I lost count after a while," Harry said.

"You're going to be very well rewarded for helping me with this too," Rias said, her blue eyes darkening with lust as she stared at him. After a moment, her eyes widened, and she started to look concerned. "Um, what time is it in Britain right now?"

"I've no idea," Harry said, trying to think of how many meals he'd had since he got to the mansion in Hell to try and figure out the passage of time.

The problem was that Rias had had the servants bring them food whenever they got hungry, and they had spent so much time locked away in her bedroom that he honestly didn't know how much had passed. She cast a quick spell and paled slightly at the results that it gave her.

"It's Monday," Rias said.

"What!?" Harry exclaimed.

"It's alright," Rias said. "You still have time to get the task done, but we cut it far closer than I realized. Hop in the shower, and I'll send you back to Hogwarts. I'd join you, but Akeno here needs some serious aftercare."

"If you joined me, I'd be guaranteed to miss the damn thing," Harry said, rushing into her bathroom.

"I suppose time really does fly when you're having fun," he thought to himself.

*****

"Where the hell is he?" he heard Hermione mutter as he approached the tent where the champions were supposed to meet up. It had been set up at the entrance to the Quidditch stadium, the only place where they could hold this, he figured.

She was waiting outside it, pacing back and forth, and if the frazzled look on her face was any indication, she had spent much of the weekend worrying about him. Feeling immensely guilty, he rushed over to her.

"Hermione," he called out.

"Harry!" Hermione exclaimed. "Harry, where on Earth have you been?"

"Around," Harry replied. "I needed to practice what I was going to do and try to keep my head clear, and I guess it just ran long."

"Ran long!" Hermione growled. "No one has seen you all weekend!"

"I went down to the chamber," Harry said.

He hated lying to her, but he had no idea how she would react to learning that he had summoned a devil and spent the weekend in the Underworld and couldn't tell her here at any rate.

"The chamber?" Hermione asked.

"I needed to get away from the other students for a while," Harry said. "The pressure was driving me spar and I just needed to escape it. I'm sorry I didn't tell you. I've been a terrible friend."

"Just please tell me that you've figured out what you're going to do," Hermione pleaded, looking up at him with fear in her chocolate brown eyes.

"Mione," Harry said tenderly, pulling her in for a hug. He felt her go stiff as he said, "I've got this. Trust me."

With that, he pressed his lips against her forehead and was about to head inside when a camera flash shone all around them.

"Ah, young love, how sweet," Rita said, approaching them with her cameraman inside.

"Miss Skeeter," Harry said, frowning. "I'm sure your readers are going to find the story of the first task interesting."

"My readers find many things interesting," Rita grinned. "Oh, look, the poor dear's in shock."

Turning back to Hermione, he saw that she had gone stiff, so stiff that it honestly reminded him of when she was petrified in their second year.

"Hermione?" he asked, and she jolted backwards, her face turning red.

"Good luck, Harry," she muttered before rushing off.

Harry just watched her leave in confusion, before he realized just what he had done. He had spent the entire weekend with two very affectionate women and had clearly gotten used to it quickly. He couldn't recall if he had ever initiated a hug with Hermione, and he had certainly never kissed her in any way. Hoping that she didn't think that was creepy and wishing that he could rush off and apologize, he sighed as he turned around in time to see Rita heading inside.

The tent was larger than it appeared on the outside, as he expected, and he noticed all three of the other champions standing there. Krum was leaning against a table, staring at nothing with a look of intense concentration on his face. Fleur was standing across from him, spinning a ring around her right ring finger with both confidence and nervousness warring on her face. Cedric looked irritated, though he suspected that that had much to do with Rita's attempt to interview him.

"Miss Skeeter, this tent is for the champions and officials only," Dumbledore said softly, yet firmly as he entered.

"I had hoped to get a word with each of the champions first," Rita said, "you know, just in case."

"Leave," Crouch said flatly, glaring at her cameraman, who looked decidedly uncomfortable.

"Alright," Rita sighed dramatically. "I guess there's always after."

"So," Bagman said awkwardly as she left, "I know we've left you in the dark about what this trial of courage is going to entail, and you must be desperate to know, so the first task will involve getting past dragons."

He emphasized the final word and paused dramatically, as though waiting for that bombshell to sink in. When four equally flat stares were the only response he got, he looked confused.

"Specifically, your task is going to be to steal a golden egg from a dragon," Crouch said, visibly fighting the urge to roll his eyes at Bagman. "Each of you will draw from this bag an animated representation of the dragon you're going to face. It will also determine the order you go in."

Cedric was the closest to him and reached in to pull out a small silver dragon with a stubby-looking snout and glaring bronze eyes. It was a well-animated creation, whatever it was, and Harry wondered who had created it.

"That is the Swedish Short Snout," Bagman said. "You'll be going first, Mr. Diggory."

Cedric muttered something under his breath and stepped back. Krum stepped up and pulled a small orange dragon with larger wings than Cedric's and bright blue eyes.

"Chinese Fireball," Krum murmured.

"Correct, Mr. Krum," Bagman said, sounding excited. "You'll be going third."

"Ladies first," Harry said, gesturing for Fleur to go.

The beautiful blonde gave him an odd look, as though she found him suddenly interesting and couldn't figure out why, and walked over to Crouch. Even having spent an entire weekend in the company of goddesses like Rias and Akeno, he still couldn't help but let his eyes be drawn to Fleur's magnificent arse. She reached in and pulled a green dragon that honestly looked cute compared to the other two.

"That's the Common Welsh Green," Bagman said. "You'll be going second, Miss Delacour."

Harry breathed a sigh of relief at that, as it meant he would be going last. He was confident that Ajuka's enchanted ring would work; the man was too desperate to keep him alive and figure out why the evil pieces didn't work on him to give him anything faulty. He was concerned about being caught essentially cheating, however, and by going last, he'd be able to summon his egg and not have any of the others try it out and grow suspicious.

"That leaves the Hungarian Horntail for you, Mr. Potter," Bagman said as Crouch extended the bag towards him.

Harry reached in and pulled out the most terrifying of the four dragons by far. Jet black and angry-looking, the beast in question glared at him balefully with its yellow eyes and actually tried to hit him with its spiked tail. If not for his little trip to the Underworld, he imagined that he'd be quite scared just now.

"Alright, with all four of you having chosen your dragons, we can begin," Bagman said. "The first dragon has already been brought out, so, Mr. Diggory, just wait by the entrance until you're called."

"Best of luck," Harry said a couple minutes later when Bagman's amplified voice called him into the arena.

"Back at you," Cedric replied before heading in.

Harry took a deep breath and let it go slowly. With an easy solution at hand and having spent most of the weekend having sex, he wasn't just usually relaxed for where he was; he was more relaxed than he could ever remember being.

"You seem very calm," Fleur said.

Harry looked over at the gorgeous blonde and furrowed his brow. She hadn't said a single word to him since she called him a little boy, and even that hadn't been said directly to him.

"I've come up with my solution," Harry said. "It'll either work or it won't, so there's little point in worrying about it now."

"I'd 'ave expected you to be more nervous, given your age, and 'ow you objected to even being in ze tournament," Fleur said.

"This isn't my first life-threatening situation," Harry said. "It's not even the worst."

"What danger could you 'ave experienced?" Fleur asked, sounding like she didn't believe him.

"Well, there was this quidditch game I was in last year that was interrupted by dementors," Harry said. "I nearly plummeted to my death during that."

"Why in ze world would zere be dementors 'ere?" Fleur asked.

"A prisoner escaped from Azkaban, and the government wanted to be seen doing something," Harry said.

"So zey sent dementors to 'Ogwarts?" Fleur asked.

"I didn't say it was something good," Harry said, grinning. "Cedric was in that game too. Beat me to the snitch after I passed out."

"The dragon seems to have taken the bait!" Bagman said, excitedly.

"And thankfully, it doesn't speak English," Harry snarked.

"Of course not; it's from Sweden," Fleur quipped, making him snort.

"Be careful with your Welsh one, then," Harry replied, earning a smile.

"'E's going to be loud and obnoxious with all of us, isn't 'e?" Fleur asked after a moment, sounding worried.

"You think it might affect your plan?" Harry asked, figuring that would explain her unease.

"I'll just 'ave to be quick," Fleur said.

Screams echoed from the stands, and Harry swallowed thickly. A moment later, Cedric ran into the tent, clutching the egg to his chest with one arm and holding the other against his cheek, where he had obviously been burned.

"He's done it!" Bagman exclaimed. "Though not without injury, Cedric Diggory has successfully completed the first task of the Tri-Wizard Tournament."

"Come here, Mr. Diggory," Madam Pomfrey called out. "The quicker I apply burn salve to that wound, the better it will heal."

Cedric grunted, clearly in pain, and rushed over to the healer.

"Good luck," Harry said as Fleur walked towards the entrance.

"Good luck," she replied.

It took them several minutes to clear the arena of the first dragon and get the second one in place, but once that was done, Bagman called Fleur out, and she walked out with a confident gait. He looked over to Krum, who didn't even acknowledge him, and, figuring that he wouldn't have anyone to chat with this time, he just closed his eyes and focused on breathing.

A moment later, he was interrupted by one of the most beautiful things he had ever heard. Fleur was singing, or he was going insane and hearing things, and the sound sent chills down his spine. The song was very calming and soothing in a way that he didn't think could be natural, and he wondered just what sort of magic that could possibly be. It honestly reminded him in a way of Fawkes gentle trills.

"She's done it!" Bagman cried. "She's got the egg."

"Bagman, you idiot," Harry muttered to himself.

Almost immediately afterward, Fleur almost dove inside the tent, unscathed except for some slight singeing of her skirt. She panted quietly as the adrenaline continued to course through her.

"Was that because of our lovely announcer?" Harry asked, pointing to her skirt.

"Surprisingly non," Fleur said. "It turns out zat dragons can breathe fire when zey snore."

"And I thought Uncle Vernon had a problem," Harry thought to himself.

Krum walked past the two of them towards the entrance to the arena as Madam Pomfrey walked over.

"Miss Delacour, I need to examine you," she said.

"Ze dragon did not 'urt me," Fleur said. "I put out zese flames before zey touched my skin."

"Even still," Madam Pomfrey said, and Fleur just shrugged as she joined her.

Krum's solution involved a great deal of violence if the gasps from the crowd were any indication, and went well if the lack of screams were. He also finished more quickly than the other two and emerged from the arena looking barely winded. Harry just nodded at him and took his place by the entrance of the area. There were no eyes on him here, so he quietly reached into one of the pockets of his robes and pulled out Ajuka's ring. The small piece of dark metal radiated magical power so clearly that he could feel it.

In truth, he had no idea if what he was doing was considered cheating or if there would be any consequences if it was, and he was caught. All he knew was that, alone as he was there, no one could see as he slid the tiny ring onto his wand, and once he entered the arena, the only one who might be able to see from the stands was Moody, thanks to that magical eye of his. Given that he was the only professor to try to help him overtly, albeit with a truly insane plan, he doubted that, even if the man saw, he'd say anything.

"And now we come to our final contestant," Bagman announced. "The fourth champion in this triwizard tournament, our own native son, Harry Potter!"

There had been cheers for each of the three properly selected champions as they were called into the arena, but as Harry walked in, he was met with mostly quiet. Looking at the stands, he spotted Hermione's bushy brown hair blowing in the breeze and smiled. No matter what anyone else thought, he knew that she believed in him and was thankful to have one true friend in the castle. He was so focused on looking around at the stands that it wasn't until he heard a distinct, loud growl that he even looked at his dragon.

"Fuck me," he muttered to himself as he took in the sight of the Hungarian Horntail.

The small animated construct that he'd pulled out of the bag had been very well-made, and it had glared at him with malevolence, but it had nothing on the real thing. The black dragon was enormous, and as her yellow eyes fixed on him and she breathed a small warning plume of flame, he was sure that without Ajuka's help, he'd have been doomed. There were large boulders scattered about, presumably because even the tournament organizers realized that the champions would benefit from some cover.

He spotted the nest full of eggs and saw the golden one gleaming in the sun. He was about to just summon the egg when a thought occurred to him. Stealthily slipping the ring off of his wand, he pointed it at his throat and cast, "Sonorus."

"Pardon me, could we speak?" he asked in parseltongue, wondering if the dragon might understand him.

The beast did react to his hissed words as concerned murmurs began to echo through the stands, rising up and cocking her head like a curious dog, but she didn't reply.

"Eh, fuck it, worth a shot," Harry muttered, only belatedly realizing that he'd left his sonorus charm on.

Flushing as people in the stands began to laugh, he decided that it was time to end this and ended the charm. After stealthily placing the ring back on his wand, he pointed it at the nest and cast, "Accio golden egg!"

The fake dragon egg was pulled from the nest with great speed, attracting the attention of the dragon, who roared in rage. Harry caught the egg and had only a moment to relish his success when the dragon breathed a torrent of fire his way. He dove inside the tent, having not moved very far away from it, and felt the warmth of the flame from just how close it had come to hitting him.

"He's done it!" Bagman cried. "By simply summoning the egg from its nest, Harry Potter has finished the first task in less time than any of his competitors and seemingly without injury!"

"One down," Harry sighed to himself, looking down at the golden egg in his hands.

It had some weight to it, but not as much as he'd have expected if it were solid, and he got the sense that it was likely more important than it seemed.

"Mr. Potter," Madam Pomfrey said. "That was quick."

"Plan A worked for once," Harry said. "I didn't even get singed."

"Will miracles never cease?" the matron asked as she cast a few diagnostic charms on him. "You're good to go."

"Thank you," Harry said.

He headed to the designated area where the other champions were standing, just in time to see the judges giving him his scores. Both Dumbledore and Bagman gave him tens, while Crouch gave him a nine, Maxime gave him an eight, and Karkaroff gave him a four. When Dumbledore made all four of their scores float in the air with their names, he was surprised to see that he was in first place. At forty-one, he was a point ahead of Krum at forty, while Fleur and Cedric followed with thirty-nine and thirty-eight, respectively. The fact that he had come in first place while Cedric came in fourth was not going to go over well with much of the castle, but there was nothing he could do about that. He did seem to be the most grievously injured of them, though from what Harry could see, the burn salve was already helping his skin heal.

"Well done, all of you," Bagman said. "Let's get a round of applause for all of our successful champions!"

The crowd erupted in cheers as the clearly entertained crowd made their excitement known.

"Now, the second task will take place three months from today," Bagman said. "Just as this task was a test of bravery, the next one will be a test of cunning and resourcefulness. Hold onto those eggs, you four, because within them lies the only hint you'll get as to what it will entail."

Harry had figured as much and decided to examine the egg with Hermione as soon as possible, stuffing it into the mokeskin pouch he'd bought before returning for that year. After the scores were given, Bagman announced that the first task was completed and that everyone should return to the castle. Harry made a beeline to the gates, beating nearly everyone there, and took a moment to just breathe and internalize the fact that he had survived one of the tasks. He figured that he could wait there for Hermione, but it was Seamus who approached him first.

"You couldn't even put in a good show?" the Irish boy scoffed.

"I beg your pardon?" Harry asked, scowling.

"It's bad enough you cheated your way into the damn tournament; do you really think you'll be able to cheat your way through it too?" Seamus asked.

Harry was about to snap at the idiot when he thought better of it and just rolled his eyes instead. "If you'd like to test yourself against a dragon, ask Ron. I'm sure his brother Charlie could arrange something."

Seamus just sneered and turned when he heard Ron and Dean talking as they entered. Ron didn't even look at him, and Harry swallowed thickly as he realized that nothing had changed between them. A pair of different Weasleys approached him soon afterward.

"Congrats, Harry," one of the twins said.

"First place and everything," the other added.

"Thanks guys," Harry said, smiling.

A few other Gryffindors showed up to congratulate him, including Angelina, who seemed to be over her disappointment at not being selected, but most of them didn't seem to know how to react to his win. It seemed that half of them still thought that he'd tricked his way into the damn tournament, and even seeing that he'd been put up against a dragon hadn't changed their minds.

He briefly wondered if their tune might have been changed if he had gone with Moody's idea and survived. It would have been a lot flashier than just summoning the egg, and he would have ended up in far more danger. It was a moot point, though, and after having spent the last weekend the way that he did, he found that the opinions of his schoolmates mattered a lot less than they had before.

It truly was amazing what sex with supernaturally beautiful women could do.

Just as he was about to give up on the common room and go search the library, he spotted Hermione coming in and rushed over to her.

"Hermione," Harry said warmly.

"Harry," Hermione said, smiling widely. "Congratulations. I'm so glad you're okay. When did you decide to try and summon the egg?"

"It occurred to me over the weekend," Harry said. "I figured that if I could summon a broom, why not try and get the egg itself first?"

"Thank goodness it worked," Hermione said.

"Could we talk, privately?" Harry asked.

"Of course," Hermione said, turning around and leaving the crowded common room.

Once they were mostly alone, he quietly said, "I'm sorry about earlier."

"Don't be," Hermione said. "I was the one who froze on the spot awkwardly."

"I was briefly reminded of second year," Harry said.

"You're not usually that affectionate," Hermione said.

"It's not something I'm used to," Harry admitted. "I just realized what a pillock been all weekend, disappearing on you without a word, and I felt guilty."

"It's okay," Hermione said, turning and stopping in her tracks as she looked up at him. "You made it through the task without getting a scratch. If it took you going off on your own for a couple days to figure out how to pull that off, it was well worth it."

She hugged him then, and he let out a breath he didn't even know he was holding.

"For the record, you can hug me any time," Hermione said softly.

"The way you took off, I worried that you thought it was weird," Harry said.

"Not at all," Hermione said, smiling up at him. After a moment, she pulled back and said, "Did you look at that egg?"

"No, I decided to wait for you," Harry replied, pulling the egg out of his pouch. "I figured it had to be hollow from the weight.

"This decorative part on top seems to be the only thing that isn't seamless," Hermione said.

"Right, just let me try pulling on or twisting it," Harry said, gripping the supposed cap and applying pressure.

It twisted easily enough, and soon the egg opened, only to emit the most awful screeching noise either of them had ever heard.

"Agh!" Harry cried while Hermione covered her ears.

Grabbing the sides of the egg, he forced it shut and sighed with relief. As his hearing returned to him, he noticed a couple students had rushed over to see what the noise was. Mrs. Norris was also there, standing with her back arched and hissing in his general direction.

"Sorry!" Harry called out. "Tournament thing."

"That was singularly wretched," Hermione said, wincing.

"That was supposed to be a hint," Harry said, grimacing. "Maybe the next task will require ear protection."

"Doubtful," Hermione said dryly. "That awful screeching must signify something. We'll need to do research, though I'm drawing a blank on where to start so far."

"I have three months," Harry said as he pushed the egg back into his pouch. "We'll think of something."

"We always do," Hermione said.

"Well, you always do," Harry chuckled. "I wouldn't be here without you."

"That's quite mutual," Hermione said, her warm brown eyes staring right into his. "Do you want to start now? We could go to the library."

"Harry?" Rias' voice sounded in his head.

"Huh?" Harry asked, freezing in place.

"What's wrong?" Hermione asked.

"Relax, Harry," Rias said, sounding amused. "I placed a spell in your ear to let us talk remotely."

"No...nothing," Harry said. "I think I might need to relax a bit."

"You've earned yourself some time off from all of this," Hermione said. "I'll see you later."

"Later, Mione," Harry said, smiling as she left.

"When you're alone, just let me know, and I'll head your way," Rias said.

"Just a tick," Harry said quietly as he made his way towards Myrtle's bathroom.

"Hello, Harry," the teenage ghost said. "It's nice of you to come visit."

"Hello, Myrtle," Harry said. "It's been a while."

"It has," Myrtle said. "Did you come to chat?"

"Actually, I came to see the chamber," Harry said.

"Why?" Myrtle asked.

"Well, the last time I was down there, I killed the thing that killed you, but I didn't have time to really look around," Harry said.

"Oh, well, it's a dangerous place," Myrtle said.

"I can handle myself," Harry assured her.

"Oh no, I just meant that if something goes wrong down there, you're welcome to share my toilet with me," Myrtle said, smiling.

Harry just blinked at her a couple times before laughing and saying, "Thanks Myrtle."

"Open," he hissed, and watched as the wall and sink in front of him transformed into the entrance to the chamber. He was about to slide down when a thought occurred to him, and he hissed, "Stairs."

Before his eyes, the smooth tunnel that he and Ron had ridden down the first time transformed into stairs. He laughed out loud, though realizing that he wouldn't be able to laugh with Ron about how stupid they were the first time put a damper on his mood. He drew his wand and started casting cleaning charms on the steps as he descended.

"Was that yet another girl I heard you talking to?" Rias asked.

"That was Myrtle," Harry replied. "She's a ghost who was killed back in the forties by the dickhead who killed my parents."

"Did he teach in your school?" Rias asked, sounding confused.

"No, he was a student back then," Harry said. "I can only assume that he was born the way he is."

As he reached the bottom, he cast a quick lumos spell and pulled out the ornate little paper she'd given him.

*****

"Before you go, I just wanted to make it clear that you'll need to summon me again to get me back into Hogwarts," Rias said.

"Can't you just come in now that you know where it is?" Harry asked.

"No," Rias said. "The wards around that castle are impressive, and while I might be able to get through them, I doubt that I could do so without being detected."

"But Grayfia…" Harry went to say, confused.

"Grayfia is significantly better at that than I am," Rias said, cutting him off. "I'll be able to get out on my own, as few wards are ever used to keep people in, and they wouldn't have set any up to specifically keep devils in, but I will need to be summoned inside."

"Hmm," Harry said, not wanting to voice how annoying that would be. It wasn't like seeing her wouldn't be worth it. Just then, another thought occurred to him, and he said, "What if it was a spot outside the wards?"

"I don't know how far the wards go," Rias said. "I'll have to ask Grayfia where she began before she started carefully opening a hole she could teleport through."

"No, I mean the chamber," Harry said. "It's a complete unknown to everyone who's ever worked on the wards. It might be outside them."

"Hmm," Rias said. "That was where we wanted to go anyway, so it would be convenient."

"Exactly," Harry said.

Reaching out, Rias summoned a small sheet of paper with a red magic circle on it, much like the one she had appeared inside before, and handed it to him.

"Hold this out and call my name once you're in the chamber," she said. "If your theory is correct, then I'll appear. Otherwise, you'll have to summon me properly."

"Sounds like a plan," Harry said, pocketing the paper.

*****

She had sent him on his way not long after that. Holding out the page, he said, "Rias Gremory."

Just like before, a circle of glowing crimson light appeared on the ground in front of him and she materialized in it.

"Hey," Harry said, feeling giddy to be with her again. It had only been a few hours, and he had already missed her.

"Hi," Rias said, brushing her long crimson hair behind her ear. "I guess it worked."

"How's Akeno?" Harry asked.

"Sleeping it off," Rias laughed. "We'll have to work on her stamina."

"I'm happy to help," Harry said, his voice low and rumbling.

"I bet," Rias smirked, walking up to him. "She does taste good, doesn't she?"

Before he could reply, she kissed him, and he wrapped his arms around her. As she broke the kiss for air, she finally looked around to see where she was.

"You know, as far as first date locales go, this is pretty unconventional," she said.

"Date?" Harry asked, and Rias just grinned at him before wandering into the chamber.

He caught up with her quickly and took her hand. She looked at him in surprise for a second before smiling and blushing slightly.

"So where is this…" Rias cut herself off as they stumbled across one of the shed skins. "What in the world?"

"That's one of the basilisk's shed skins," Harry replied. "It's a bit smaller than the actual beast was."

"This is smaller than the thing you killed?" Rias asked, sounding distinctly impressed.

"Mmhmm," Harry said, touching the shed skin. It crumbled under his touch, turning to dust.

"This was shed a while before you killed it, I'd guess," Rias said, "and its inherent magic wouldn't have preserved a simple shed skin that much anyway."

"Well, the whole thing is just ahead," Harry said, and they continued onward.

"Ah, right," Harry said as they reached the caved-in part of the tunnel. "I'm going to need to fix this."

"No, I can do it," Rias said, waving her hand in front of her.

Harry watched as the wall that Lockhart's backfired spell had broken almost knitted itself back together, looking like nothing had ever happened.

"There," Rias said before they continued on.

When they reached the final door before the main chamber, he saw that it had closed itself since he last left and hissed a quick command for it to open. Rias shivered, and he looked over at her, cocking an eyebrow.

"Just memories," Rias said, giving him a lustful grin.

Harry returned it, and the two went inside, only to stop dead in their tracks. They were both shocked for different reasons. In Harry's case, while he had no particular reason to doubt Rias, he still couldn't quite fathom that a creature wouldn't have rotted a year and a half after its death. Nonetheless, the basilisk lay there, looking just as it had the day Harry killed it. In Rias' case.

"Fuck me!" she exclaimed, tugging her hand out of his grip and walking towards the dead basilisk as though in a trance. "This is seriously impressive."

"I just did what I had to," Harry said.

"Humility isn't as attractive to devils as it is to humans," Rias said archly. "Killing something this dangerous, especially in the way that you did, at the age that you did, would get you serious recognition among my people if you were a devil. To pull it off as a human is remarkable."

Harry flushed slightly under her praise and then furrowed her brow as she pulled out another one of those papers.

Seeing his confused look, she said, "I need to summon my mother for this. Harvesting creatures isn't my thing, but she's been doing it for some time."

"You told your mother about the basilisk?" Harry asked.

"I told her that you were sitting on a potential goldmine and that she would want to check it out," Rias smirked. "I wanted to see the look on her face when she found out what specifically I was talking about here. Venelana Gremory."

Harry was about to comment on that when a purple magic circle appeared between them, and the basilisk's corpse and Venelana materialized inside it.

"Well, Rias, what is this opportunity you've been so tight-lipped about?" she asked.

"Hello, Ve...er, Mrs. Gremory," Harry said.

"Lady Gremory," she corrected him.

"Turn around, Mother," Rias said, sounding amused.

Venelana did and she gasped as she took in the sight of the basilisk.

"Oh my!" she breathed. Turning back around, she looked at him and said, "You mean to tell me that you killed this thing?"

"Yes," Harry replied.

"How?" Venelana asked.

"I stabbed it through the roof of its mouth with a sword," Harry replied.

Venelana just stared at him like he was insane for a moment. "You didn't get bitten?"

"Oh, I got bitten," Harry said. "If not for the phoenix tears, I'd be dead."

"Phenex?" Venelana asked, looking confused.

"The actual bird," Rias piped up.

"Oh," Venelana said. "That makes marginally more sense."

"I've been meaning to ask, actually, why do the bird and the family have the same name?" Harry asked. "Did they just like them?"

"That's actually an interesting story," Venelana said. "When Lucifer was cast out of heaven for defying the Tyrant, he was enraged and sought to strike back against him. He found common cause with the first human woman, Lilith, who had also been cast out of a paradise for the crime of defiance. Using the pages he had stolen from the Book of Creation, he remade her to be like him, and together, the two of them found the Underworld…"

"What is the Book of Creation?" Harry asked. "You mentioned back at the mansion as well."

"A powerful artifact that the Tyrant found before he found the Earth and which he used to both make the original angels and remake the primitive humanoids that populated this planet into modern humans," Venelana asked.

"I thought he made humans along with, you know, everything else," Harry said, confused.

"Pure propaganda," Venelana said flatly. "We refer to him solely as the Tyrant for a reason. All that he created, he did so for the purpose of his own amusement. He enjoyed above all other things, creating nigh-impossible standards for his creations, watching them fail, and then punishing them for their failure. This he did for eons, but eventually he grew weary of the day-to-day management of his realm and sought a right hand who could carry out his will and enforce his laws. He looked to his prior creations but ultimately decided to make a new angel, one far beyond the rest."

"So he created Lucifer," Harry commented.

"Lucifer was made for the purpose of being the Tyrant's administrator, and he was, perhaps unwittingly, made with his creator's imperiousness and pride," Venelana said. "He ultimately deemed his creator unworthy, wondering why he should rule for the sake of another who was too lazy to do it himself when he could just rule. Taking some pages from the book as insurance, he confronted the Tyrant and tried to shake the faith of the other angels by pointing out that his rule was unjust and playing it off as an attempt to reason with him. Some of the angels were shaken by his words, but none would ultimately end up becoming his followers. As for the Tyrant, he was furious, and in response, he ripped the wings from Lucifer's back and cast him out, only realizing afterward that his precious book was missing some of its most vital pages."

She laughed at that, and Harry got the sense that this story was very popular among the devils.

"He had already remade himself into the first devil by the time he found Lilith," Venelana continued, "and together, the two of them created more. These first devils, who would go on to become the progenitors of the seventy-two pillars, the great devil families, were each created with a unique power. The first Sitri was a master of water magic, the first Bael was a master of destruction, and the first Malphas' words became reality. The one exception was the devil, who would go on to become Phenex."

"Her original name was lost to time," Rias added, "as she wanted all record of her early life destroyed. Most of what we do know is from second-hand accounts given later."

"What was wrong with her?" Harry asked.

"Nothing really," Venelana replied. "She had all the normal powers and abilities of devils. She just didn't have any unique powers of her own and was looked down upon by her brothers and sisters as a result. When she complained to Lucifer, he roared at her for being weak and not seeking her own solution to the hand fate had dealt her as he did."

"What did she do?" Harry asked.

"She traveled to Earth," Venelana replied, "and on Earth, she managed to find, capture, and ritually consume a phoenix. It's powers became hers, and she went from being seventy-second of all devils to being thirty-seventh. Lucifer was most impressed by her drive and ingenuity."

Harry blanched at the idea of eating a creature like Fawkes.

"Wait, do you mean all of the phoenix's powers?" Harry asked once he'd recovered.

"Yes," Venelana said. "Their command of fire magic is unrivaled; they can heal from almost any physical injury, and their tears can also heal others. Now, let's take a look at what we're dealing with."

Her bat-like wings sprung from her back, and she bolted up into the air to look over the basilisk's corpse from above.

"You can fly?!" Harry exclaimed.

"You didn't think they were just for show, did you?" Rias asked.

Harry's eyes widened at the thought of flying under his own power. Before he slept with Rias, there was nothing he enjoyed more than flying. Zooming through the air without care or fear made him happy and relaxed in a way that little else did. Brooms were awesome, and he wasn't looking to replace his firebolt, but the idea of being able to fly without it, without any restriction at all, was something he had never really realized that he wanted.

"Man, I hope Ajuka figures out my scar problem," he thought to himself.

"It's a pity about the eyes," Venelana commented as she examined the ruined orbs.

"Fawkes, the phoenix that I told you about, clawed them out so that his gaze wouldn't kill me," Harry said.

"Her," Venelana corrected him.

"Her?" Harry asked, and he paled as a terrifying thought occurred to him. "Could she have laid eggs?"

"No," Venelana replied. "Basilisks are unable to reproduce, and each one has to be made by a magician. To the extent that they have sex characteristics, however, they are all female."

"Thank Merlin," Harry sighed with relief.

"Hmm, so about sixty feet long, and with the exception of the eyes and one of the fangs, in near mint condition," Venelana said. "How long ago did you kill it?"

"About a year and a half," Harry replied. When she gave him a look that was half disbelief and half rage, he added, "I didn't know it was worth anything. I also just really wanted to get out of here after surviving my fight with the damn thing."

"I'll have to lean on my people to work quickly," Venelana said as she descended to the ground. "This thing is going to make us both a fortune. You killed it, but my harvesters are going to be doing all of the grunt work, and I'm going to be overseeing the sale of it. What say that we split the profits and anything else connected to it fifty/fifty?"

"I…" Harry went to reply.

"That seems a touch excessive," Rias said, sounding amused. "Harry was the one who risked his life, after all."

"He was also going to let it rot," Venelana said, giving her daughter a questioning look.

"Splitting it like that sounds fine," Harry said, not wanting to cause any more of a rift between the two of them than he already had.

"If you're sure," Venelana said, extending her hand to him.

"I am," Harry said, shaking it. He felt his hand warm up for a moment, and when he pulled it back, he saw that there was a small glowing symbol on his palm that quickly vanished.

"The pact is set," Venelana said. "The profits and any part of the basilisk that we end up not selling are yours."

"Not selling?" Harry asked.

"I would strongly advise against selling the skin," Venelana said. "Genuine basilisk skin is worth a fortune, but it's also incredible useful."

"We'll figure that out once it's been harvested, I guess," Harry said.

"Very well," Venelana said. Turning to the basilisk, she waved her hand, and the entire thing was enveloped in purple light before vanishing. "Harry, Rias, until we see each other again."

She disappeared herself then, leaving the two of them alone.

"You got screwed, you know," Rias said. "Mother doesn't get fifty percent on anything."

"It's money I didn't know I had," Harry shrugged, "and I didn't want to be the cause of any further strife between you two."

"We're doing fine," Rias said, shaking her head, "and she would have respected you more if you had negotiated. Of course, given what she discovered you did, her respect is something you've probably earned anyway."

"Oh," Harry said.

"You should be more assertive," Rias said. "Not only is it sexier, but it's just a better way of being in general. The meek only ever get what they inherit, which is often nothing at all. The strong take what they like."

"I like you," Harry said, pulling her in and kissing her soundly.

Rias giggled as she pulled away, saying, "And you took me plenty. Alas, I'm not fucking down here."

"It is rather unsanitary, huh?" Harry chuckled.

"Like I said, not a great date spot," Rias said teasingly.

"I guess I'll just have to think of something better then, huh?" Harry asked, grinning at her.

Rias gasped, saying, "Harry Potter, are you asking me out?"

Harry felt his heart rate spike but managed to keep his voice from wavering as he said, "I guess I am. Will you go out with me, Rias Gremory?"

She laughed and said, "Yes. It'll have to wait a bit, though. I let a few things pile up while I tried to get my parents to back off on the whole Riser thing."

"I'll ask again in a little bit then," Harry said. "I guess you need to get going?"

"I'll walk upstairs with you," Rias said, hooking her arm around his.

As they walked back towards the entrance, he asked, "How are things going with the Phenexes, anyway?"

"I have no idea," Rias said. "Father will work something out with Lord Phenex. It's not like I actually broke a contract or anything, so it's just a matter of ruffled feathers. As for the asshole in question, I've yet to hear a word from him, though I expect to eventually."

"He won't make trouble, will he?" Harry asked.

"Probably not," Rias said. "We won't come to blows at any rate, but he might have a couple dickish comments for me the next time we see each other."

Harry hissed the command for the door to open, and the two of them emerged from the chamber. Myrtle didn't seem to be there, and he was glad to not have to get the ghost to promise not to mention seeing Rias. He thought that she would have agreed if he asked, but avoiding it entirely was still better.

"Wow, you weren't kidding about the entrance being in the girl's room," Rias said, looking around.

"I choose to believe that this room was simply something different when Slytherin created the chamber a thousand years ago," Harry said. "The alternative is much worse."

"I imagine the castle has changed a fair bit since then," Rias said reassuringly.

"So, despite it being a bad place for a date, you did seem to enjoy yourself," Harry grinned.

"That I did," Rias said, closing the distance between them and kissing him deeply.

With her tongue plunging into his mouth, she coaxed his own out to play quickly enough, and soon the two of them were snogging passionately, both of them unaware of the girl who came in midway and watched them with wide brown eyes.

My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: May 29, 2024
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RohanJ10, Peverell Hunter and 750 others
voivode_writer
May 28, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 4
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Jun 11, 2024
Add bookmark
#89
"Mommy, Daddy, look!" six-year-old Hermione exclaimed. "I got nine out of ten on my spelling test!"

"That's nice, sweetie," Daniel Granger said, not even looking up from his typewriter.

"Which one did you get wrong?" Charlotte Granger asked.

"Weather," Hermione replied. "I used the wrong one."

"Well, you'll just have to try harder next time," Charlotte said.

Hermione felt her chest tighten at her parents' lack of enthusiasm. She had felt really good about the result, too. She'd just have to try harder, like her mommy said.

*****

"Mommy, Daddy, look!" seven-year-old Hermione exclaimed. "I got a perfect score on my math test!"

"Wonderful," Daniel said flatly as he frantically looked through his closet. "Charlotte, do you remember where you put that red tie of mine?"

"No idea," Charlotte replied. "Just pick a tie. We're going to be late for the conference."

"You're going already?" Hermione asked, her face falling.

"Yes, dear," Charlotte said. "Mrs. Williams will be here any minute now to look after you."

Hermione scrunched up her face at that. Mrs. Williams was like a hundred years old and smelled like mothballs.

*****

"Your handwriting is really coming along, Miss Granger," Mr. Philips said.

"You really think so?" eight-year-old Hermione asked, taken aback by the unexpected praise.

"I do," Mr. Philips said. "Your penmanship would be impressive for someone a good couple years older than you, much less your age. Keep up the good work."

Hermione felt her face grow warm, and tears formed in her eyes. His words were everything she'd ever wanted, and she felt like she might burst. She was so happy.

"Oi, look!" Tommy, one of her most obnoxious classmates, called out. "Hermione's blushing up a storm. She's got a crush on the teacher!"

A repeating chorus of "Hermione's got a crush!" began and she turned even redder in mortification. She ran from the room crying, barely hearing Mr. Philips berating her classmates.

*****

"She's such a bloody know-it-all!" Emily hissed.

"I know, she's the worst!" Miranda agreed.

Nine-year-old Hermione swallowed her hurt feelings at their words and kept her head straight with practiced ease. Her academic interests might not have made her many friends, or any friends, really, but the warm praise she got from Mrs. Johnson when she answered the question correctly made her feel good in a way that nothing else really did, and if the other kids didn't like her shooting her hand up to answer, that was their problem. It still hurt, though.

*****

"I told you to put on sunscreen," Charlotte said snidely.

"Yes, and you were bloody, right. Now can you help me with this?" a shirtless Daniel hissed as he tried to get aloe vera gel on his lobster-red back.

Ten-year-old Hermione didn't even look up from The Two Towers to watch the display. The destruction of Isengard at the hands of the Ents was far more interesting than the parents whose attention she stopped trying to get years ago. No matter how well she did in school or how much her teachers praised her, they just never seemed to have time for her. Even on a vacation like this one to France, they spent most of their time absorbed in their own interests. There were times when she wondered why they even had her. If it wasn't for her teachers, she really didn't know what she'd do.

As she read about the Ents flooding Isengard and trapping Saruman inside Orthanc, she thought about her long-standing fascination with the idea of magic.

"Oh, thank goodness," Daniel sighed as Charlotte applied some of the gel to his back.

She looked up at them and scowled at how they ignored her so much. Thinking about that and how funny it was that Saruman's stronghold was flooded, she watched in shock as the plastic bottle holding the gel burst open, and her father was utterly covered in it.

"Charlotte!" Daniel yelped, jumping to his feet at the sudden burst of cold.

"What the...I…" Charlotte sputtered, looking down at the bottle in her hands in shock.

"Holy cricket!" Hermione thought to herself. "What was that?"

*****

"Magic?" Charlotte asked while Daniel just blinked at the old, oddly dressed woman in front of them.

"That is correct," the woman who introduced herself as Minerva McGonagall replied.

"We don't have time for jokes," Daniel said.

"This is no joking matter, Mr. Granger," McGonagall said. Drawing a long, thin stick from her sleeve, she said, "I think that a demonstration is in order."

With a wave of her wand, their living room table turned into a large golden retriever.

"My god!" Daniel exclaimed while Charlotte just stood there, her jaw agape in shock.

"That's incredible," Hermione breathed, petting the friendly dog and giggling as it licked her face. "Can we keep him?"

"I'm afraid not," McGonagall replied, turning the dog back into their table. "Transfigurations like this are not permanent, but they are something that you'll learn to do in Hogwarts."

"Magic," Hermione said to herself in wonder. "Real magic. Can I go, can I, can I, can I!?"
Her parents just continued to stare in shock at the two of them.

"Perhaps I'd better put the kettle on," McGonagall said, clearly having seen reactions like this before. "The kitchen's just in here?"

*****

The promise of a school for magic was exciting to Hermione for a couple reasons. The first and most obvious was the magic, as she fantasized about casting spells for years, but the other reason was the change of scenery. The kids she grew up with didn't much like her, thinking that she was an annoying know-it-all, and that wasn't like to change. Surely, though, if you were learning actual magic, the other kids wouldn't be so disinterested in learning. Surely she'd find other people like her here of all places.

She'd read up on Hogwarts and great magical figures as much as she could and decided that she wanted to be just the headmaster. Albus Dumbledore was a legend, a powerful wizard and an accomplished scholar. His house, Gryffindor, sounded a bit brash, but if it made him what he was, then surely it was the best one.

"She's a nightmare," Ron whined. "No wonder she doesn't have any friends."

Hermione felt her heart cave in at his cruel words, and she ran off. Hogwarts was no different from her old school. It didn't seem like anywhere was. The teachers still liked her, save for Professor Snape, who didn't seem to really like anyone, but the kids were still the same. Holing herself up in the first girl's bathroom she found, she cried at the injustice of the world. All she wanted was to be a good student, be told she was doing a good job, and not be hated for wanting that.

She didn't know how long she'd been there when she began to hear what sounded like thunderous footsteps, but her stomach had started rumbling a while ago, so she assumed it was past suppertime. She exited her stall and looked up in horror as a giant troll stood, club in hand, and growled down at her. What followed was a bit of blur, and she doubted that she'd ever fully remember it, but she remembered screaming, diving for cover as the creature tried to kill her, and then Harry and Ron showing up to save her. The image that stuck out most to her was Harry jumping onto the troll's back and sticking his wand up its nose to try and stop it. It was the bravest thing she'd ever seen.

*****

Hermione couldn't move a muscle, trapped in her mind as her body was paralyzed. There was no time, no world outside her mind, just an unceasing prison. There were bright spots, though, such as when the boy came to visit her.

"Hello, Hermione," he said. "I still don't know if you can hear me, but I hope you can. We'll figure this out, Ron and me, and then you'll get the mandrake potion and be back to normal. I miss you."

She missed him too, whenever he wasn't there.

"I brought Hogwarts: A History and figured that I could read it to you," he said. "It's probably the only time I'll ever read it, so, might as well."

Here, in her own mind, without a face to blush or a heart to race, she could admit, at least to herself, that she really, really liked the boy.

*****

"Ahahaha!" Harry exclaimed as they rode atop Buckbeak, unable to keep his exuberance in. "We did it!"

Hermione clung to Harry for dear life as they soared through the sky. She normally hated flying, having never been fond of heights, and this was frightening too, but as she held onto him, she found herself calming down.

"That was incredible, Harry," she said. "You were incredible."

"I don't know how I did it; I just had to, I guess," Harry said. "I couldn't have done it without you, though. You're the incredible one."

Hermione was glad that he couldn't see her face as she blushed. She suddenly wished that she was the one in front, and he was holding her as they flew, imagining how it might feel to have his arms around her. She blushed an even brighter red at the thought and just tightened her grip around him.

*****

"So, despite it being a bad place for a date, you did seem to enjoy yourself," Harry said, sounding more confident and suave than she'd ever heard him sound before.

Hermione had just happened to be walking past Myrtle's bathroom when she heard his voice.

"Date?" she thought to herself, feeling her chest tighten.

Unable to resist, she poked her head inside.

"That I did," a girl she'd never heard speak before said.

Hermione looked inside the bathroom just in time to see Harry wrap his arms around a curvy redhead and lean down to kiss her, and she froze. She felt like she'd been punched in the stomach and couldn't breathe. She knew that Harry was attractive and that he'd start dating some day, and she had already concluded that he was never going to look her way, even if her teeth did look better than they used to, but she had hoped that she'd get some warning. Her eyes growing misty, she took off and didn't realize until she reached Gryffindor Tower that she had no idea who that girl Harry was seeing was.

*****

Rias sighed as they parted and smiled up at him. Harry felt his heart racing and couldn't keep the smile off of his face as he stared into her big blue eyes.

"You're getting really good at that," Rias purred.

"I have a wonderful teacher," Harry grinned.

"Perhaps I should open a class," Rias said.

"No!" Harry exclaimed, almost managing to look serious.

"You want all my kisses for yourself, huh?" Rias asked. "What about Akeno?"

"Akeno's an exception," Harry said. His confidence waned for a moment, and he said, "I mean, we haven't even been on a real date yet, and we haven't talked about what we're doing, but…"

"Harry, if there was anyone else I was interested in, our first meeting would have likely gone differently," Rias said. "As for what we're doing...for now, let's just say we're having fun."

"It's certainly fun," Harry smirked.

"Definitely," Rias grinned. "Now, as much as I'd like a tour of the castle, I need to get going."

"That's too bad," Harry said.

"I'll call you when I can," Rias said, turning to head back down into the chamber.

Harry turned her back around and kissed her again, feeling his cock twitch at her little breathy sigh as he did so.

"Later," Rias said.

"Later," Harry replied.

He watched her go back down the steps that led into the chamber and out of the Hogwarts wards with a sense of loss, only made a little better by the fact that he got to watch her arse as she walked. He'd never felt this way before, and while he didn't entirely understand it, he knew that he wanted her around as often as possible.

As he left the bathroom, having ordered the entrance to the chamber to close once Rias passed out of sight, he had a skip in his step that he didn't think he'd ever had before. Not only had he survived a challenge that he was sure was going to kill him, he'd gotten a possible girlfriend out of it. He was going to write to Sirius and let him know how the task had gone. He wished he could mention Rias too, but Luna had made it sound like dealing with devils was massively illegal, and he wasn't about to add to his fugitive godfather's stress. Thinking about the odd blonde made him realize that he still had to return the book to her.

"I'll do it in the morning," Harry thought to himself. For now, he had a letter to write.

*****

The next day, Harry got word from Rias after his potions class that she had a couple hours free and went down into the chamber to summon her. Myrtle was again elsewhere when he arrived, but he wasn't alone, being accompanied by a very eccentric blonde.

"Luna!" Harry said, rushing over to the younger girl as he spotted her leaving the Great Hall. "Do you have a moment?"

"I hope that I have many decades," Luna replied, her voice just as light and airy as before.

"I…" Harry trailed off as he realized what she meant. "Sorry, I meant, do you have a moment to talk?"

"Sure," Luna replied. "My charms class doesn't start for a bit. What's on your mind?"

Looking around to make sure that no one was looking, he reached into his mokeskin pouch and pulled out her book, saying, "I wanted to return this and thank you so much for it."

"Oh, thanks, Harry," Luna said. "My nights weren't nearly as fun without this. Did it help?"

"Um," Harry said, wondering what she meant by that. "Uh, yes. Quite a lot, actually."

"I'm glad," Luna said. "You managed to get through that task without hurting your poor innocent dragon like Krum did. That was very nice."

"Right," Harry said, struggling to think of that ten-ton monstrosity that could have roasted him alive with ease as innocent.

Speaking more quietly, Luna asked, "so you managed to summon someone nice?"

"Very," Harry replied, smiling without meaning to.

"Was she beautiful like Venelana?" Luna asked.

"What makes you think that I contacted a woman?" Harry asked.

"Because you smiled at the thought of her, and I've no reason to think that you're gay," Luna replied.

"Yes, well, she's actually Venalana's daughter, funny enough," Harry said, seeing no reason not to be forthright with Luna, "and if anything, even more beautiful."

"Oh my, she must be stunning," Luna said. "Could I meet her?"

"I…" Harry trailed off, not entirely sure how to respond.

The only reason he was even talking to Luna about this was because she already knew and he had planned to keep his relationship with Rias, such as it was, a secret for the time being. When it came to actually introducing the beautiful devil to people around here, he figured it would be best to check with her first.

"I'll ask her," Harry said.

"Perfect," Luna said, smiling serenely. Putting the book in her bag, she said, "I knew you'd be able to return this to me after the task."

"Thanks to you," Harry said. "I owe you, Luna."

"I've never been owed a debt before," Luna said. "How do I cash it in?"

"Um, I guess just ask a reasonable favor of me," Harry said.

"I'll keep that in mind," Luna said, her silver-blue eyes shining up at him. "See you later, Harry, and let me know what she says."

Rias had been perfectly okay with it, and so Harry brought his odd new friend down with him into the chamber.

"That poor basilisk must have been so lonely down here," Luna said, audibly pouting. "It's a pity that you couldn't make friends with her. You two even spoke the same language."

Harry laughed at the image of befriending the basilisk before he realized that Luna wasn't joking.

"She was under Voldemort's control, sadly," he said, noting that she didn't even flinch at the name.

"That is a shame," Luna said.

"Speaking of parseltongue, you're one of the only people I've ever met who's ever referred to it without implying that it's evil," Harry said.

"Oh, there's nothing evil about parseltongue," Luna said. "Those rumors were made up by men whose tongues couldn't vibrate to stop their wives from getting ideas."

Harry's face reddened at her implication, but he realized that she was probably right.

Holding out the replacement paper Rias had given him, he said, "Rias Gremory."

A moment later, she appeared, and Luna almost squealed at the sight.

"Oh, wow, it really did work!" she exclaimed.

"This is the friend you told me about?" Rias asked, looking at the excitable girl in amusement.

"I'm Luna Lovegood," Luna said. "You really are as beautiful as Harry said."

"Thank you," Rias said. "I am Rias Gremory."

"Gremory did sound like one of the safer houses to contact," Luna said, giving Harry an approving look.

"Um, actually, that raises a question I didn't think of before," Harry said. "Why didn't you try summoning a devil?"

"Daddy made me promise to wait until after I graduated to try it," Luna said.

"So you got Harry to do so, testing if it worked years earlier," Rias said approvingly.

"No, I helped him with the tournament," Luna said, a slight grin on her face being the only hint that she was pleased with herself.

Turning to Harry, Rias said, "I have a few hours free, and I wanted to assess your strengths and weaknesses."

"Oh?" Harry asked.

"It occurred to me that, as we don't know what the following tasks are going to entail, some general training would be a good thing," Rias said. "I can put you through your paces and help you grow stronger, faster, and more capable, but I need a baseline reading of where you are now. Unfortunately, I don't think combat training in this poorly maintained chamber would be a good idea."

"No, very likely not," Harry said. "I don't suppose we could go back to the Underworld for this?"

"No," Rias said. "Frequently going back and forth from there would be too taxing, even for Grayfia."

"You've been to the Underworld?" Luna asked in wonder. "What's it like?"

"I only went to the Gremory mansion," Harry said.

"It has its similarities to Earth," Rias replied. Turning to Harry, she said, "The best I could do would be to bring you somewhere else here, and even that would be inconvenient for how often I think you should train."

"I have an idea," Luna said.

"What?" Harry asked.

"There's a room in the castle that can be turned into anything," Luna said. "I visited the house elves in the kitchens a couple years ago to ask them if they knew of where I could look for crumple-horned snorkacks in Hogwarts, as Daddy has theorized that they might be drawn to sources of significant magic like this castle. After they got done staring at me, they said that the only place I was likely to find something odd that I was looking for was the Come and Go Room, also called the Room of Requirement."

"That sounds amazing," Harry said. "Why have I never heard of it?"

"It's hidden most of the time," Luna replied. "Up on the seventh floor, there's a little corridor that contains a tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy trying to teach ballet dancing to trolls. If you walk back and forth in front of it three times while thinking about what sort of room you desire, the door will appear and lead to the room you envision. It would be a great place to train."

"Could you lead us there?" Rias asked.

"Of course," Luna said. "You might want to hide, though. You have a distinct look, and people will notice you."

"You can use my cloak," Harry said, pulling his invisibility cloak out of his mokeskin pouch.

"Oh my, this is powerful," Rias said as she felt up the silky material, "and very old."

"It's been in my family for generations," Harry said. "You just wrap it around yourself, and it makes you invisible."

He thought he heard Luna gasp slightly, but when he turned, she looked just as calm and flighty as usual.

"So how do I look?" Rias asked once she was invisible.

"I've never hated that cloak more," Harry said smoothly, earning a laugh from Rias.

They went upstairs, and once they'd passed through the entryway to the chamber, Luna led them through the castle. The sight of the two of them walking together did draw a few stares, but no one said anything, and soon enough, they were looking at one of the strangest things Harry had ever seen.

"Why the hell would you try to teach trolls to dance?" he asked aloud, remembering his own run-in with one of the graceless, brainless creatures. "Barmy indeed."

"Here we are," Luna said, and Harry turned around to see a door that hadn't been there before.

She opened it, and they all walked inside to find a large, sturdy-looking, empty room.

"This room can really take any shape that we like?" Rias asked.

"Mmhmm," Luna said.

"Impressive," the devil heiress murmured.

"So, what kind of training did you have in mind?" Harry asked.

Rias waved her hand at him, and suddenly, his robes were replaced by a form-fitting tracksuit. He looked over at his actual clothes, spotting his wand lying securely on top of them, and gawked.

"The first rule of combat is don't get hit," Rias said, "so to start with, we'll test your ability to dodge."

"Uh, you could kill me pretty easily," Harry said, suddenly wary of the idea of having the crimson-haired beauty lobbing magical blasts at him.

"Oh, Harry," Rias purred, "you should know by now that I can be gentle if I want to."

Harry felt his cock twitch at her breathy tone.

"That said," Rias said, her eyes glowing red with power, "this will still hurt, so you'd better DODGE!"

Harry let out a less than manly squeak and ducked under the blow, only to take one right in the shoulder. It felt like a weak punch, painful enough to sting a bit, but not something that would do permanent damage. He was sure that they would hurt more as they accumulated, though, and was soon running, bobbing, and weaving around as Rias took the air and continued to rain magical blows down on him.

Utterly focused on dodging her attacks, he nonetheless noticed Luna sit down in a chair that appeared before her. A house elf popped in for a moment, left after speaking to her, and then returned a couple minutes later with a bowl of popcorn that she sat in her lap and ate from.

"Ah!" Harry cried as he got blasted right in the ass.

"If I were an actual enemy, you'd be dead by now," Rias called out. "You're going to have to better than this if you want to destroy the people after you."

"I'm bloody aware!" Harry growled as he jumped over another attack.

One would think that a guy who had been in as many life-or-death situations as him would have been more adept at this sort of thing, but as he learned over the next several minutes, he had a lot of room for improvement.

"No more, no more!" Harry gasped, falling to the ground in exhaustion.

His entire body hurt, and not entirely from the minor damage that Rias had done to almost every part of it. She'd somehow managed to avoid hitting his bits, even accidentally. As he rolled onto his back, he tried desperately to catch his breath and slow his racing heart.

"Aquamenti," Luna said, and a moment later, he had a large glass of water shoved near his face. "Here you go. That was very fun to watch."

"Less fun...for me," Harry panted, downing the glass in seconds.

Luna refilled it, and he gave her a thankful look.

"Your stamina needs work," Rias said as she landed, "as does your speed, but your reflexes are superb, as is your basic situational awareness. Adding little obstacles towards the end was a nice touch, Luna."

"You hadn't hit him in about thirty seconds," Luna said.

"Yeah, tripping over a bench wasn't helpful," Harry said, glaring at the blonde.

"No, but you need to expect that your enemies will use and shape the terrain around you to their advantage," Rias said. "Luna has a point, though. You got better over the course of this single, short training session. Once you can dodge effectively, then we'll work on your offensive abilities until you're able to attack, shield yourself, and dodge at will."

"You'll be a regular duelist by the time Rias is done with you," Luna said.

"He'll be a warrior," Rias corrected her.

"That'll be quite the sight," Luna said. "Anyway, as fun as this has been, I have to go. I have an essay that I need to work on. Thank you for including me it was almost like having friends."

She didn't have the slightest hint of pain, her voice as she said that last part, and somehow that made it worse.

"Hey, Luna," Harry said, rushing over to her. "I'm rather low on friends just now, and I'd be happy to have you as one."

"I think that would be nice," Luna said, smiling serenely. "It was nice meeting you, Rias."

"It was nice meeting you," Rias said.

Taking a small vial out of her pocket, Luna said, "I'll leave you this for when you're done training. Have fun. Bye."

She placed the potion on his robes and left.

"Wait, done training?" Harry asked, looking over at Rias and paling as she flew up again.

"We're nowhere near done just yet," Rias said, grinning devilishly.

*****

What felt like days later, Rias finally decided to have mercy and call it a day. Wood's most insane, grueling training sessions had nothing on what Harry had just endured, and as he sat on the ground, covered in sweat and feeling like he was going to die, he shook with the knowledge that either Rias or Akeno were going to show up for something like this almost daily. Still, he knew that the odds of him surviving this year would be significantly improved by all of this, even if it was painful.

"There now, it's all over," Rias said, also sweating, but not nearly as badly as him.

"How the hell did I manage to exhaust you before?" Harry asked.

"You made me cum over and over again until I thought I might die," Rias replied. "Your sexual stamina is incredible, but that doesn't automatically translate to more intensive exercise like this. Just follow the program I've laid out for you here, and, in combination with what will eventually turn into actual sparring sessions rather than what we did today, you should start to notice improvement rather quickly."

Harry looked down at the journal that she'd jotted a rather extensive schedule into and marveled at how much effort she was putting into keeping him alive. He was used to it from Hermione and Ron, but somehow with Rias, it was different.

"I will," Harry promised her.

"I hope so," Rias said.

"Do you have to go soon?" Harry asked.

"No," Rias replied. "It didn't take me quite as long to catch up on things as I feared. Akeno had been more diligent than I realized in keeping track of my school assignments."

"Where do you go to school?" Harry asked, realizing that it hadn't come up before.

"Kuoh Academy," Rias replied. "It's a lovely little school in Kuoh, Japan."

"Japan?" Harry asked. He hadn't been expecting that.

"The name Akeno Himejima wasn't a clue?" Rias asked teasingly.

"I figured she had some Japanese ancestry, but I didn't think she was actually from there. She doesn't have a hint of an accent," Harry said.

"One of the perks of being a devil is the ability to speak in tongues," Rias said. "I can speak any language I please, with any accent I care to use. I tend to just use the common accent of a country's capital."

"Wow, that's incredibly useful," Harry said.

"Are you hungry?" Rias asked. "I can't imagine that you aren't."

"I could eat," Harry replied, "in fact...Dobby?"

"Harry Potter, Sir is calling Dobby?" Dobby asked as he appeared.

"Hello," Harry said. "I was just meaning to ask, are you acquainted with the house elves who work in the kitchen?"

"Dobby has been working with them for a while," Dobby replied.

"Really?" Harry asked, feeling bad for not having checked in on him sooner. "Anyway, Dobby, this is Rias. Rias, Dobby."

"Hello," Rias said.

"Is Rias a friend of Harry Potter, Sir?" Dobby asked.

"Yes," Harry said, "and we were wondering if we might be able to get a bite to eat."

"Right away!" Dobby said, disappearing before Harry could specify something.

Over the next several minutes, a veritable feast was brought to them, much to both of their amusement.

*****

"...so I zoom off as fast as I can and just manage to catch the remembrall," Harry said. "Professor McGonagall, my head of house, happened to see it, and that's how I ended up on my house's Quidditch team."

"And how you discovered your love of flying," Rias said.

"It was the freest I had ever felt," Harry said. "Nothing compared to just flying through the air, feeling the wind in my hair, and just letting go of all of my worries. Honestly, until I had sex, I didn't think anything would ever match, much less exceed it."

Rias laughed at that.

"Quidditch is wonderful, and I enjoy it, but I probably wouldn't if it wasn't played in the air," Harry said. "Do you have any games you're fond of?"

"I'm relatively fond of soccer, or football, as it's called here," Rias said. "In the Underworld the most common games are Rating Games."

"Rating Games?" Harry asked.

"You know how the evil pieces are designed after chess pieces?" Rias asked.

"Yes," Harry replied.

"Well, for people with complete, or mostly complete, peerages, they can compete in what we call Rating Games," Rias said. "The two kings direct their forces against each other in combat to determine their strength and abilities."

"So outright skirmishes?" Harry asked. "Isn't that kind of dangerous given your...you know...low numbers?"

"Precautions are taken to ensure that severely injured pieces are retired away for healing," Rias said, "and while fatalities can happen, it is deeply frowned upon and the penalties can be extensive."

"Who all do you have in your peerage?" Harry asked.

"My only usable one is Akeno," Rias said. "She's my queen and my right hand. I have a bishop as well, Gasper, but his power is somewhat beyond my ability to use just yet."

"So it will be a while before you can start competing," Harry said.

"Alas," Rias sighed.

"Do you have anyone in mind that you could add?" Harry asked.

"Present company excluded, there is one," Rias replied. "I have a...girl in my charge who I think would make a fantastic rook, but she isn't ready."

"How so?" Harry asked. "If you don't mind saying, of course."

Rias sighed and said, "I suppose there's no harm. When an evil piece is used to turn someone into a devil, most of the time it works out just fine, but sometimes it goes poorly. To be a devil is to be a creature of sin, of corruption, and of self-interest. Most learn to handle the drives of a devil, but others are ruined by them and go feral. I have more than once been tasked with putting one of these stray devils down lest they cause undo harm."

"That is rare, you said?" Harry asked.

"Quite," Rias replied. "The girl in my charge, named Shirone, is the sister of one such devil. She went mad and killed her master before fleeing, and the Council of Lords, the legislative body of the Underworld's government, wanted to put Shirone down as well, but my brother intervened and brought her to me. I've been looking after her since."

"Your brother seems like a good guy," Harry said. "Utterly fucking terrifying, but good."

Rias laughed at that, saying, "Sirzechs is a study in contrasts. He's the most powerful being I've ever known, but he's also one of the most laid-back and unserious people as well. I've only seen him truly furious a handful of times, and it's ended poorly for nearly everyone who caused it, but aside from that, he's just my big brother."

"I must admit that it was a little scary feeling just how unfathomably powerful he is and realizing that I had slept with that guy's sister," Harry chuckled.

"He wouldn't do anything to hurt you," Rias said. "He loves me too much for that."

"So you said that this Shirone was put in your care?" Harry asked.

"Yes," Rias replied. "She went completely numb in the aftermath of her sister's disappearance, and getting her to feel anything at all has been challenging. I've done my best to be there for her and provide her with a sense of stability, and I've made some progress with her. To help her move on from her old life and the trauma of it, I gave her a new name that she seems to quite like."

"What did you call her?" Harry asked.

"Koneko," Rias replied, smiling, "my little kitten. She's incredibly strong, and I think she'll make a great rook, but she's not quite where I want her yet. Close, though."

"You're incredible, you know that?" Harry asked. "For all your talk of being a creature of sin and selfishness, you're very caring."

"I'll never do anything entirely selfless," Rias said. "It's just not in my nature, and everyone I care for is useful to me in some way or another, but that doesn't mean that I don't care for them."

"Useful, am I?" Harry asked, cocking an eyebrow.

Rias vanished the table in front of them and the remains of their meal and said, "Very. In fact, I'm thinking of a fair few uses right now."

Without another word, she leapt into his arms and kissed him deeply. She tasted of spiced goose and elven wine, and Harry groaned into her mouth as she plunged her tongue against his. He tried to respond in kind, but the training and the heavy meal had taken a lot out of him, and he found his flesh not quite as willing as his spirit.

"Could you hit me with one of those energy spells?" Harry asked. "I'm still rather tired."

"We both kind of smell too," Rias said. "I wonder…"

She focused, and a moment later, a corner of the room was taken up by a large, fully walled off shower.

"I need to figure out how the hell this place was made," she said.

"It is remarkably useful," Harry said, struggling to his feet.

The two of them made their way to the shower and wasted little time getting clean. It was a testament to just how exhausted he was that he didn't try anything more than just feeling her up as he helped lather soap over her amazing body. She helped him as well, and before long, they were fully clean. As they toweled off, Rias left the shower, making it disappear, and a large bed formed in the middle of the room. Harry joined her in time to see her peering over at his clothes and holding out her hand. A second later, the potion that Luna had left them flew into her hand, and she removed the cork to give it a sniff.

"Hmm, that friend of yours is very interesting," she said, handing him the potion.

"Pepper-up," Harry said, recognizing it immediately. He downed the potion and felt invigorated, as though he hadn't spent much of the last little while getting his ass kicked.

"How did you guess that this is what was in the vial?" Harry asked.

"Luna's last words before she said bye were 'have fun'," Rias said. "As I said, that friend of yours is very interesting."

That she was, and given that he suspected she was being bullied by the other Ravenclaws, he decided to try to get to know her better and see if, provided he was right, he could do something about it. For now, though, Harry was focused on a very different girl.

"When we discussed training before, I pretty sure you mentioned a rewards system of sorts," Harry said coyly.

"I don't think I did," Rias replied, grinning slightly.

"Hmm?" Harry asked. "Must have been my imagination, then."

Rias stepped forward until she was right in front of him and asked, "What sort of rewards were you imagining?"

Harry looked down and saw her nipples growing hard, something that he knew had nothing to do with the temperature, as the room was perfectly warm.

"Nothing I could discuss in mixed company," Harry said, earning a laugh from the gorgeous redhead.

"Those are the best kind of rewards," Rias said before kissing him hungrily.

Harry responded in kind, no longer too tired to indulge his aching desire for the succubus in his arms. She guided him towards the bed, not breaking the kiss for a moment, even when they fell into it, and Harry moaned as he quickly felt her dripping wet furnace of a cunt grinding on his turgid length.

"Fuck, it's been barely a day, and I need you like air," Rias gasped.

"I know what you mean," Harry said, cupping her massive, gravity-defying breasts and kneading them. "All through lunch, all I could think of was how much I'd rather feast on your pussy."

Rias went to reply to that and then paused, blinking a couple times and looking like she just realized something. "I haven't sucked your cock yet, have I?"

"Umm, no," Harry said, his cock twitching as he imagined it being massaged by her wicked tongue and beautiful lips.

"Something to correct, then," Rias purred. "Lie down on your back."

Harry rushed to get into bed and watched with rapt attention as Rias slowly crawled over to him, her breasts swaying with her every move. She crawled around to his side and then turned around, giving him a perfect view of her large, round arse. Her puckered arsehole winked at him, and he shuddered.

"I've been thinking about feeling your tongue on me all day," Rias said, "and there's no reason why I can't suck your cock as you eat me out."

Before Harry could reply, she flew over him and landed, straddling his neck with her thick thighs. The smell of her arousal filled his nose, and Harry felt his mouth water.

"By Lucifer, your cock is amazing," Rias purred as she wrapped a hand around him. "Long, wonderfully thick, and with just the right little curve. No wonder I'm so addicted already."

"You're not the only addict here, trust me," Harry said, grabbing her hips and pulling her in so he could start lapping at her slick folds. Her thick ass obscured his vision entirely, and he knew that he was going to want her to sit on his face often.

"Ahh!" Rias cried. "Fuck, you're good at that."

Harry felt smug as he slowly teased her with his lips and tongue, knowing full well that whenever he wanted to make her scream, all he had to do was move to her clit and vibrate his tongue against the sensitive bundle of nerves. That smugness disappeared in an instant when he felt Rias give the sensitive head of his cock a warm, wet kiss.

"Holy fuck!" he gasped, making her laugh.

"You would think after spending so much time fucking Akeno and I, you wouldn't be quite that sensitive," Rias giggled.

"It was just a surprise," Harry said.

"Mmhmm," Rias said, not sounding like she believed him.

She started swirling her tongue around his glans while gently and slowly stroking his cock and Harry's eyes nearly crossed. It might not have been quite as good as her sweltering depths, but it was amazing in its own way. Wanting to distract himself, he leaned in and circled her clit with his tongue, making sure not to go too close to the actual nub.

Rias moaned and took a few inches of his cock between her pillowy lips, entrapping it inside the wet heat of her mouth. The two of them seemed to get the same idea simultaneously, as they both tried to finish the other off first. Rias bobbed her head up and down on his shaft tentatively at first, trying it out for the first time. She grew more confident once she realized that devils didn't have gag reflexes and started taking him deep. As she hollowed out her cheeks and sucked hard on the shaft, Harry cried out in bliss.

Not to be outdone, Harry outright devoured her, doing his best to drive her insane without resorting to parseltongue just yet. He stuck his tongue as deep as it could go inside her fluttering cunt, savoring the taste of her, and moved down to her clit to stimulate it directly. This pattern of driving her closer to orgasm by licking, kissing, and sucking on her clit, only to move away from it and let her settle down a bit, he kept up for a few minutes. His desire to make her cum before he did grew less frantic once he realized that his stamina was no less impressive even with her swallowing his cock with her nose nearly against his balls, so he decided to take his time.

"Harry!" Rias whined as he moved away from her clit again, just as she was getting close.

She ground her pussy on his face, smearing her juices all over him as she tried to force him where she wanted him. Harry laughed and decided to stop teasing her. Wrapping his lips around her throbbing clit, he spoke a single word in the language of the snakes with his tongue against the little nub.

"Cum" he hissed, and was rewarded immediately with a squeal of pleasure from his lover.

"HARRY!" she shrieked at the top of her lungs as she came, writhing in ecstasy atop his face.

Harry tightened his grip on her hips to try and hold her steady as she shook and convulsed on top of him. If her arse was any less full, he might have worried about her breaking his nose as she came. Despite his best efforts, she did move a fair bit as he continued to speak nonsense words in Parseltongue, prolonging her pleasure, and after several seconds, she accidentally moved forward just enough so that her arsehole landed right on his vibrating tongue.

"GAHH!" Rias squealed, squirting all over his neck and chest.

If he had thought that she came hard before, that had nothing on how hard she came with him eating her ass. It didn't really taste of much, so he put what he was doing out of his mind and continued to vibrate his tongue against her tightest hole, actually pushing the tip in just a bit. Rias was lost in a sea of pleasure, well beyond words at that point, but as her cries became less and less drawn out and she started to sound out of breath, he backed off and reached up to catch her as she fell forward.

"I take it you liked that?" Harry asked, chuckling as he helped her roll onto her side.

"Can't...believe...you did...that," Rias panted, sounding as exhausted as he had before he drank the potion.

"Your arsehole landed on my mouth and a figured, when in Rome…" Harry shrugged.

"Gonna ride you...like a pony...when I can feel my legs again," Rias said, holding her arms open in invitation.

Harry joined her, and she kissed him deeply, moaning into his mouth. Harry reached down and cupped her arse, digging his fingers into the firm cheeks as he rolled her onto her back. He lined himself up with her dripping slit and pushed, burying his cock to the hilt inside her. She broke the kiss to cry out, and he buryed his face in the crook of her neck, licking the salty sweat from her flushed skin. As he pulled most of his length from her cunt and plunged back inside, he peppered the slender column with kisses.

"Harder!" Rias cried, wrapping her legs around his waist. "Fuck me!"

Harry growled and picked up his pace until he was fucking her hard right into the comfortable bed. Her pussy was as amazing as ever, and he swore he never wanted to leave her tight, slick depths. She started rocking herself against him in time with his thrust, and soon they were lost in the bliss, carnal need, and sense of completeness that both felt when they were together.

"Merlin's balls, I could fuck you forever," Harry swore. Looking down, he saw her beautiful breasts rolling and jiggling across her chest with his every rough thrust and reached down to cup and knead the mounds.

"Fuck!" Rias cried as he wrapped his lips around one of her pebbled pink nipples and grazed it with his teeth.

She rolled them over effortlessly, and Harry grunted as he found himself lying on his back, staring up at her.

"Your cock is fucking incredible," Rias whimpered, rolling her hips and riding him slowly to start.

Harry trailed his hands up along her sides and around to cup her breasts again.

"Not as incredible as these," he said. "You must turn heads everywhere you go."

"I can display more of my assets than you can," Rias said. "If we went to a nude beach, I assure you, we'd both turn heads."

Before Harry could reply, Rias squeezed her inner muscles around him, making him groan. As she sped up, she started intentionally milking him, squeezing tight as she rose up and relaxing as she plunged back down. Harry groaned, and she laughed, leaning forward until his face was buried in her bountiful tits.

"Ahh!" Rias sighed as he peppered her tits with kisses and sucked on her hard nipples. "Just like that."

It took him a moment to match her rhythm, but soon enough, the two of them were moving as one, and the room was filled with the sounds of skin slapping skin, moans, and groans. When Harry felt her pussy start to flutter around him, he reached down and started rubbing her clit gently.

"Oh fuck, oh, just like that, oh...FUCK!" Rias shrieked, cumming hard around his cock.

"Oh, G...fuck," Harry groaned, barely stopping himself from mentioning the word as he felt her already tight tunnel spasm around his length.

He had felt himself getting close as she sucked his cock, and while he had a few minutes rest between that and when he started fucking her, having her incredible pussy milking his length as she rode him hard was even better, and he felt his orgasm approaching again before she came. Having her cum around him was too much, and he came hard, painting her tight tunnel white with cum. The two of them writhed and moaned together, locked in each other's embrace as the pleasure rocked them. As it ended, they collapsed in a heap, with Rias' resting on his chest as they panted for breath.

"Holy shit!" Harry exclaimed.

"Nothing holy...about it," Rias panted, laughing.

He joined her, feeling that same euphoria he'd felt the first few times again. She snuggled into him, and he started running his fingers through her long red hair. Had he not met her father and brother, he might have wondered if it was real, as she had no pubic hair at all, and he found himself mesmerized by the color.

"I've thought of a reward," Rias said after a few peaceful minutes.

"Huh?" Harry asked.

"You mentioned wanting a reward system," Rias replied, sounding amused, "so how about this? If you do exceptionally well in my training course over the course of the year and succeed in the other two tasks, I'll let you fuck me in the ass."

Harry felt his cock surge back to full strength at the thought of that, and he stared at her in shock. Rias laughed and climbed off of his cock, whimpering at the emptiness she felt in his absence, and crawled over, turning around and shaking her ass at him.

"Just imagine it, Harry," she purred. "Having me just like this, on my hands and knees, and burying every inch of your massive cock in my tight little ass, it would feel so good."

"Fuck," Harry groaned, on his knees in an instant.

He rushed over to her and plunged his cock inside her snug little pussy in one long thrust.

"Yes!" Rias cried.

"If it means fucking your perfect little arse, I'll win the damn tournament," Harry snarled.

"Yes, yes, yes!" Rias moaned, throwing her arse back against him to meet his rough thrusts.

As far as motivations went, he couldn't imagine a better one.

*****

Hermione finished her dinner without much enthusiasm. The food was every bit as lovely as it always was, but she had a hard time enjoying herself just then. Harry had stopped by briefly for a bite, looking utterly exhausted, and begged off to head to bed once he was done. She figured that the girl she saw him with must be the cause of his exhaustion, and she still had no idea who she might be. Given the color of her hair, she figured that she must be muggleborn at first, as hair dye didn't seem to be a thing among magicals, but she hadn't caught sight of the long crimson locks since.

"Perhaps there's a metamorphmagus here from one of the other schools," she thought to herself.

The question of why Harry hadn't just told her he was seeing someone was certainly perplexing. Knowing that he was dating hurt, but she honestly doubted that he knew it would hurt her at all, and were their positions reversed, she would have told him.

"He'll tell me when he's ready," she thought to herself, sighing.

The other reason for Hermione's foul mood was sitting a little ways down from her. Ron seemed to have taken the ease with which Harry completed the first task as proof that he really was cheating his way through it and had found common cause with Seamus and Dean, who he was sitting with. Three years of friendship flushed away by envy. It boggled her mind, and the longer their estrangement went on, the more she came to realize just how much Harry had held the two of them together. With Ron finding new friends and Harry busy, she was left alone, and she didn't like it. Deciding that she needed a distraction, she grabbed her things, left the table, and made her way to the library.

"It's slightly busier than normal," she thought to herself, something she chalked up to the presence of the foreign students. "I need something to take my mind off of everything."

As she made her way to the Transfiguration section, she reached for a large tome on human-to-animal Transfiguration, not noticing the other person there until their hands touched and they bumped into each other.

"Oh, I'm sorry," Hermione said, taking a moment to realize who she had bumped into.

"Ne, fault is mine," Viktor Krum said in broken, heavily accented English. Looking down at the book in his hands, as if to make sure he had grabbed the right one, he asked, "you mean to take this?"

"I was looking for a little light reading," Hermione replied.

"Light reading," Krum repeated slowly, as though trying to parse the words. "Am I not understand again?"

"No," Hermione chuckled, realizing what he meant. "My definition of the term differs from most. It's fine; I can find something else."

"Thanks," Krum said. "I am Viktor Krum."

"Hermione Granger," Hermione replied, holding out her hand.

Rather than shaking it, he took it and gently kissed her knuckles, saying, "Hermyownee."

"Something like that," Hermione said softly, taking back her hand. "I watched you handle the first task. It was quite impressive, taking the dragon head-on. You were fearless."

"Da," Krum said. "Fearlessness is need for seeker. To find snitch and grab means see only it. Look at snitch, block out rest, and just go."

"You don't need to tell me," Hermione snorted. When Krum looked puzzled, she explained, "My best friend is the seeker for our house's Quidditch team. Some of the asinine things I've seen him do trying to grab that little golden ball."

"Assy nine?" Krum asked. "Not know this word."

"Dangerous," Hermione clarified. "It's honestly a wonder he hasn't turned my hair gray already."

Krum laughed at that, and Hermione smiled at the pleasant little chat.

"No, just nice brown," Krum said, and she reddened slightly at the closest thing she'd ever received to a compliment about her hair. "Are you Quidditch fan?"

"No, not really," Hermione replied. "Everyone around here is mad for it, but I've never really seen the appeal, to be honest. No offense, but I've just never really been able to get past how irrelevant the seeker seems to make everyone else."

"Quidditch is test of skill, endurance, and dare," Krum said. "Seeker end game, usually win game, and is...erm...excite?"

"I suppose having the snitch be worth so many points ensures that no game ever ends on a dull note," Hermione said, realizing what he meant.

Even the game she had seen him play over the summer, while a rare example of one that ended with the victorious seeker belonging to the losing team, was exceedingly close in the end. If he had spotted it less than five minutes earlier, Bulgaria would have won.

"Would you like join me?" Krum asked.

"Oh!" Hermione said, her eyebrows reaching towards her hairline. "If you like."

Grabbing another large tome on Transfiguration, she followed the surprisingly friendly man to his table and, feeling better than she had all day, sat down to read.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Jun 12, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:MyddynEmrys, ZealJD, A Simurgh Plot and 633 others
voivode_writer
Jun 11, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 5
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Jun 25, 2024
Add bookmark
#125
"I've got to run," Hermione said, hastily drinking the rest of her pumpkin juice to wash down her breakfast. "Let's catch up at the library tonight, okay?"

"Alright," Harry said, resisting the urge to sigh.

Once Hermione was gone, that resistance crumbled, and he pinched the bridge of his nose in annoyance. Hermione had been distant over the last few days, and he wasn't sure why. She could have simply been busy, of course, and he did think that was a possibility, but he couldn't shake the thought that she was avoiding him. She was still helping him with the tournament and seemed no less friendly than normal, but she was spending less time with him, and he figured that he knew why.

Harry was so glad that Hogwarts served coffee to those who asked for it. He'd have normally been happy to be a proper Brit and have tea, but training with Rias and the hours of sex that followed had left him drained, and though he slept well, once he dragged himself to bed, it didn't seem like enough. He had sent Sirius his letter the other day, but he didn't expect to hear from his godfather any time soon. With the man still on the run, it would take the owl he'd sent some time to find him, and he was cautious enough to find a new spot before attempting to reply.

As he didn't expect to get his response that day, he barely paid attention as the owls started pouring in with everyone's mail and morning papers. It was only when people started to stare at him, and a couple even began laughing, that he realized something was off.

"That bitch!" Hermione hissed next to him, and he looked over at her in shock, noticing that she was glaring down at the Daily Prophet.

"What's wrong?" he asked.

"That reporter who was outside the tent just when we spoke just before the first task wrote an article about us," Hermione said, handing him the paper.

"About us?" Harry asked in confusion as he took the paper from her.

The Boy-Who-Lived in Danger?

That was the title of the article, and from it, he might have assumed that it was regarding the tournament. As he read on, however, it quickly became clear that Rita Skeeter didn't care about the tournament at all and was far more interested in outright lying about him.

"What the hell is this?" he asked, rage and disbelief warring inside him for dominance. "I never gave that woman an interview. Not one of these quotes comes from me."

"Look here!" he heard Malfoy say loudly. "It says Potter cries himself to sleep at night over his parents! You really will say and do anything for attention, won't you, Scarhead?"

Laughter followed the blonde's words, mostly from the Slytherin table, but not entirely. Harry glared at him for a moment before looking back down at the paper to see what other filth the wretched reporter had written, and every word made his mood blacker.

"Merlin's beard, Hermione, I'm so sorry," he said as he came to what the bulk of the article was about.

"Yes, apparently I'm a gold-digging hussy taking advantage of a poor, broken boy who happens to be the heir to a wealthy family," Hermione almost growled. "Given how many times she called attention to my blood status in the piece, I'm surprised she didn't just call me a mudblood. How the hell can she get away with blatantly making up quotes from people? You should sue!"

"I'm afraid that wouldn't do much good," Neville piped up. "The law in Magical Britain gives the major papers pretty much limitless leeway. They avoid angering the wrong people, and so no one's had the power to change it. Many of the wealthier people on the Wizengamot have used the Prophet in particular to smear their enemies, and if reporters had to be honest about anything, they'd lose that ability."

"So this entire thing is just a gossip rag?" Hermione asked. "How does anyone take it seriously?"

"The prophet's right more often than not," Seamus muttered. "Wouldn't be surprised if it was right this time too."

"Are you saying I really am a golddigger?" Hermione asked, her tone icier than Antarctica.

Harry's hand went to his wand as he glared at Seamus, who looked ready to respond until he jolted slightly. From the look he shared with Ron, Harry guessed that his former friend had kicked the Irish boy under the table. Seamus just glowered at his oatmeal.

"That's what I thought," Hermione muttered under her breath.

"Hermione, I…" Harry went to say.

"It's not your fault," Hermione said, cutting him off as she gathered her things. "If you'll excuse me, I need to head to Arithmancy."

He watched her leave with a furious glare on his face and his fists clenched. He had enough to worry about as it was, and he truly didn't want to have to deal with a vile, lying reporter as well. As he stewed in his own anger, he wondered if there might be a way for him to pay Skeeter back.

It had been a few days since then, and Hermione had spent noticeably less time with him, which bothered him greatly. There was little that he could do about it, however, and as he noticed a particular owl coming his way, his mood brightened immediately. Deciding that Hedwig was too distinct to carry his correspondence with Sirius, he had elected to find another owl for the task, much to his snow owl's annoyance. Luna had been kind enough to let him borrow her owl, a great Stygian owl with bright orange eyes that seemed to be set in a permanent glare. The dark and scary-looking beast, named Alice, couldn't have suited his new friend less if she tried. The glaring beast unceremoniously dropped a letter in front of him before taking a paper to her owner.

Harry pocketed the letter and finished breakfast quickly, wanting to be alone when he read it. He was beginning to feel as paranoid as Professor Moody, but if Rias and Akeno had taught him anything over the last week or so, it was that he had been far too lackadaisical with his own safety. It was okay to assume that people were out to get you when they really were. Slipping inside the first empty room he found, he opened the letter and began reading.

Hello, Harry,

Congratulations on finishing the first task without being injured. I would have expected the organizers to charm the egg against summoning, but they must have thought that all of the champions would just assume that they did. Don't expect to have such an easy time with the other tasks, now that they know differently.

I'm doing well enough, and I don't want you worrying about me while you're dealing with your own problems. Buckbeak and I have found a certain comradery in our shared status as fugitives, and we're managing to lay low. I'm sure that the ministry is still actively looking for me, but I doubt that I'm their priority anymore. The aurors had short attention spans in my day due to being overworked, and they seem less funded now than they were.

I told you before that Karkaroff is likely your best bet as a suspect for who put your name in the cup, but that's not a sure thing. You have no shortage of enemies, and Hogwarts isn't as impregnable as people like to think. The rat and I are proof enough of that. The map might be your greatest weapon against them at this point. Keep an eye on it whenever you can. I know your school is full of students whose names you don't know, so focus on the ones you do know and try to learn the names of the others.

Sadly, that's all I can advise you with for now. Try to stay as safe as you can and stay on top of the next task.

With love,

your Dogfather.

Harry chuckled at that last bit and put the letter back in his mokeskin pouch before sighing. He really didn't have much time these days to dedicate to obsessive watching the map between classes, training, and his more fun pursuits. That training was already starting to pay off in small ways. He didn't think that he saw much more definition on his body than it had before, but his stamina was already improving, as was his reaction time. Rias had said that they'd get started on more offensive training soon and had tasked him with compiling a list of combat spells to master. Getting Hermione's help with that had been easy as, while he was still keeping her in the dark about his involvement with the devils, improving his spell repertoire was a good idea in general, given the tournament.

He'd be summoning Akeno to the Room of Requirement this time, as Rias had decided to alternate days with her queen so as to avoid falling behind in her own studies and responsibilities. The gorgeous, kinky brunette was starting to grow on him as much as her master had, and he couldn't keep the dopey smile off of his face as he made his way to his class with Hagrid.

*****

"This sauna is easily one of your best ideas," Rias sighed as she felt the tension of the day melt off of her.

"I can't argue with you there," Sona said, looking utterly relaxed as she sat with her eyes closed and enjoyed the heat of the room. "At the risk of ruining your relaxation, do you want to hear what the various ladies of the Underworld are saying about you?"

"I wouldn't have asked about the gossiping harpies if I didn't want to hear it," Rias said, tensing slightly.

"Lady Phenix is giving off the air of an insulted noblewoman, enraged by the fact that you spurned her son in favor of a human," Sona said, "but in reality, my sister doesn't think that she's actually that surprised."

"My cousin Seekvaira did seem to think that Riser's mother was well aware of what her son was like," Rias said. "That won't stop her from using the incident to her advantage."

"On the whole, most of the noblewomen think that you debased yourself and lowered your standing in the process," Sona said, "while a few think you merely acted in haste and desperation, unable to think of a less unfortunate solution. The slimmest minority seem to think that you just did what you had to do and rebelled as any good devil would."

Rias rolled her eyes and sighed. She knew that solving her Riser problem in the way that she did would have consequences, and she'd be a target of derision for a while, but that didn't make it less annoying.

"You're lucky that you'll never have to deal with this," she said. "None of these women would say a single thing about me to Sirzech's face, but they're well aware that he doesn't concern himself with gossip, where your sister hears everything."

"And would fly off the handle at the slightest insult, I'm aware," Sona said dryly, as irritated as ever by Serafall's obsessive fondness for her.

"Once I've established myself in the rating games, that'll shut them all up for good," Rias said.

"How go your efforts to expand your peerage?" Sona asked.

"I think I'm going to make Koneko into my servant today," Rias said.

"You think she's ready?" Sona asked, cocking an eyebrow. "She still seems so emotionally muted."

"That's not necessarily a bad thing where her transition to devilry is concerned," Rias said. "She has improved a great deal since we met when she barely ever said a word to anyone. I think she can handle this, and, more to the point, I think this show of trust from me will be good for her."

"I hope you're right," Sona said. "What about other potential recruits?"

Before Rias could answer, the both of them received simultaneous magical calls from their queens.

"Tsubaki?" Sona asked.

"Akeno, what's up?" Rias asked.

"Lord Ajuka is here," the queens said almost in unison.

"What?!" Sona exclaimed, rushing to her feet and drying herself off with a wave of her hand.

She was clothed a moment later and rushed to the door, her face turning red for reasons that had nothing to do with the heat of the sauna.

"Sona, relax," Rias said, getting up more calmly and following her friend's lead in drying and clothing herself. "He's here to see me. This is regarding Harry."

"Your lover?" Sona asked, furrowing her brow in confusion. "What business does Ajuka Beelzebub have with him?"

"I'll fill you in on the way," Rias said. "Given who your sister is, I doubt that he'll care much about you being informed."

By the time they reached the meeting room of the Occult Research Club, Rias had told Sona everything about the failure of the evil pieces. Her old friend was suitably disturbed by what she was told, so much so that she almost forgot who they were meeting with until they found him leaning back against Rias' desk.

"Ah, Rias, Lady Sitri," Ajuka said as he spotted them

"M...my Lord," Sona said, bowing her head and feeling suddenly hot. "Please call me Sona."

"Sona then," Ajuka said. "Tell me, Rias, have you been to see my young research project recently?"

"Yesterday, my lord," Rias replied.

"Have the clothes you were wearing been washed yet?" Ajuka asked.

"No," Rias said, holding out her hands and summoning them from the laundry basket they'd been sitting in.

He waved his hand over them, and a single black hair flew into his waiting palm.

"I had business in Japan to take care of and figured I'd try to get a hair sample here before I bothered going all the way to Britain," Ajuka said.

"Have you been able to determine anything yet?" Rias asked.

When Ajuka shot Sona a questioning look, she said, "I'm apprised of the situation and promise that nothing you say will leave this room, my lord."

"I suppose there's no harm in Serafall's little sister being brought into the loop," Ajuka sighed. "To answer your question, I've determined many things, but I don't have the complete picture yet. Something is interfering with the piece's ability to enter into and transmogrify Potter's soul. It has to be a form of soul magic that was cast on him when he was very young, but the only possibilities I can think of make no sense."

"Rias told me that his family was hunted and attacked by a magician who tried and failed to kill him," Sona said. "Is it possible that his parents cast some protection spell on him that both saved him from his assailant's spells and is interfering with the evil pieces now?"

"No," Ajuka replied. "I was already able to divine what saved him as a boy. Someone used a sacrificial ritual to protect him, either his mother or his father, and exchanged their life for his. When this Voldemort attacked, they must have offered their life for Harry's and died willingly inside a ritual circle. The fool failed to realize that he'd just bound himself not to harm their son, and when he tried anyway…"

"The magic backfired on him," Rias said. "The kind of magic it must have taken to power such a ritual...I didn't know mortal witches and wizards could pull things like that off."

"It does seem odd, doesn't it?" Ajuka said, his expression momentarily darkening. "Anyway, the point is that the ritual protected him from Voldemort and Voldemort alone. It would have no impact on the evil pieces. I'm certain that whatever is interfering goes back to that night, however, and as I said, while I can think of a few things that could theoretically be the problem, none of them make sense in this instance."

"There's one thing about this that stands out to me," Sona said. "Why would his parents go to so much trouble to protect him specifically?"

"Because they're his parents," Rias said incredulously.

"That came out wrong," Sona said, flushing slightly. "I just mean that this lunatic was after their family, but they had no way of knowing that he would specifically attack their infant son. He could have killed them and set the house on fire, content in the knowledge that anyone else in the house would perish in the blaze. After all, why would anyone specifically try to murder a baby by hand?"

"Unless they wanted to make absolutely certain that said baby died," Ajuka said, looking contemplative. "Well reasoned, Sona."

If Ajuka heard her squeak, he didn't react.

"Wait, so you think that Harry was the target that night?" Rias asked.

"It's a possibility," Ajuka said, "and it might add a level of intrigue to this conundrum that will only serve to complicate it further."

"What do you mean?" Rias asked.

"There are only two possible reasons to murder an infant," Ajuka said dispassionately. "You either do so because you want the child's parents to suffer the loss, which can't be the case because he killed them first, or because you think the child might grow up to become a threat."

"Oedipus Rex," Sona breathed, and Rias' eyes widened as she caught up to them.

"A Wizard hears a prophecy claiming that a young boy will be his doom and rushes off to kill him while he's young and vulnerable, only to bring about his doom in the process," Ajuka chuckled. "A self-fulfilling prophecy, the most entertaining kind unless you're a part of one."

"What in the world am I going to tell Harry?" Rias asked, fully aware of how poorly her lover would take the knowledge that his parents died because of a prophecy about him.

"For now, nothing," Ajuka replied. "This is all speculation, and I don't want him doing something stupid before I've managed to figure out why the evil pieces are failing to work with him. Once we know for certain, then tell him as gently as you can."

Rias let out a slow breath and managed to stop herself from chewing him out for his coldness. She knew that he was just like this generally, but, more to the point, he was right. She didn't know anything for sure, and Harry didn't need this additional problem while he was training to survive the tournament. She hated lying to him but could justify it as long as she had no proof to back up Sona's theory.

"Well, with that, I must bid you adieu," Ajuka said, disappearing in a blindingly bright ritual circle.

"You actually managed to speak to him in complete sentences this time," Rias said teasingly.

"Shut up," Sona muttered, going red.

Rias laughed at her old friend's reaction to being teased about her longtime crush.

A knock came to the door a moment later, and Koneko walked in, her slight form giving little hint to her true strength, something which Rias intended to enhance. Her white hair was messy, as she had clearly just rushed over from the grounds of the school. With yellow eyes that weren't quite as listless as they had been when Rias first met the nekomata, she looked up at her.

"Akeno said that you'd like me to come see you once Lord Ajuka left," she said.

"Did Akeno leave already?" Rias asked.

"She did," Koneko replied. "She looked quite excited."

"I bet," Rias thought to herself.

"I'll leave you two to it," Sona said, teleporting out.

"Koneko, sit here," Rias said, gesturing to the sofa.

The shorter girl did as instructed without a word.

"It's been a few months since you came into my service now," Rias began, "and I think that you've made fantastic progress in that time.

"I guess," Koneko said flatly.

"You've improved so much that I think you're ready for this," Rias said, pulling a rook from her pocket.

Koneko's eyes widened at the sight, and she reared back as if it were a venomous beast. "Are...are you sure?"

The fear in her voice was a change from her usual monotone, but not the sort of change that Rias would prefer.

"I am," Rias said reassuringly, placing a hand on Koneko's shoulder. "I wouldn't be making this offer if I wasn't absolutely sure that you could handle it."

"It's just...I don't want to be like...her," Koneko stammered, her eyes closing as she relived the worst days of her life, when all she knew was that her sister had abandoned her and committed crimes that could get the both of them killed.

"You won't be," Rias said firmly. "I don't know what happened with your sister, but you aren't her. You're strong, very strong, and I have full faith in you, Koneko."

The nekomata's eyes opened and nearly shone as she stared up at Rias. "Thank you."

"You can thank me by saying yes," Rias said softly.

"Alright, I'll do it," Koneko said, and she whimpered as she felt the magic rook placed against her chest.

"I order, by the house of Gremory, that you, Koneko Toujou, will be reborn as a devil," Ria declared once she felt the magic of the evil piece take hold inside her servant.

Koneko gasped and then stilled as she felt the overwhelming power of the devils spread throughout her body. As a nekomata, she was already stronger than a normal human. Enhanced by the power of the rook piece, that strength would magnify immensely.

"There, all done," Rias said, and Koneko smiled at her very briefly.

"Thank you for trusting me with this," she whispered, her voice returning to its emotionally neutral state.

Rias kissed the top of her head and said, "You more than earned my trust, my little kitten."

Inwardly, the crimson-haired beauty was crowing in victory. She was genuinely happy to have helped Koneko out, but she was also looking forward to having such a strong rook in her peerage. She wasn't exaggerating earlier with Sona when she said that some good showings in the Rating Games would silence anyone critical of how she handled Riser. Power was, first and foremost, what devils respected and so long as she could project power, she didn't have fear anything as petty as gossip. Now she just needed to fill out the rest of her peerage, and she very much hoped that Harry would someday be part of it.

*****

"You have any idea what this is about?" Harry heard Dean ask.

"No clue," Ron replied.

"I was about to inform you, Mr. Weasley," Professor McGonagall said dryly, earning a couple snickers. "One traditional part of the Triwizard Tournament, which I doubt many of you are aware of, is the Yule Ball."

"A ball?" Lavender asked, sounding excited.

"Indeed," McGonagall replied. "It will begin at eight o'clock on Christmas Day and finish at midnight, being held in the great hall. It will be a night of fun and merriment and will give us a chance to converse with our foreign guests. It will be open to fourth-years and above, though if you wish to take a younger date, you are allowed. The dance will be opened by our champions, who are the only ones truly required to attend, but I would encourage you all to take part."

She had the grace not to look right at him as she said that last part, but he knew damn well it was directed at him in anticipation of his most likely question. If this had been last year, or even last month, he'd have been terrified, but now he found the idea exciting, at least he did until it occurred to him that he wouldn't be able to take his preferred date.

"Shit," he thought to himself as he realized that it would be impossible to take Rias.

His sigh was masked by the various sounds of excitement and horror around him, as some, like Lavender, seemed over the moon while others, like Ron, looked sickly pale. Putting it off as a problem for another day, he left, hoping to reach the Room of Requirement quickly and summon Akeno. Around the first corner he took, though, he ran into Snape, who demanded that he stop.

"Potter!" the man snarled. "I need a word."

"Broomstick," Harry said, and the man's scowl deepened.

"Two points from Gryffindor for your cheek," Snape said. "There's been boomslang skin stolen from my supplies. You wouldn't happen to know anything about that, by chance?"

"Boomslang skin?" Harry asked, recalling one particular potion that called for that ingredient.

"Don't play dumb, Potter," Snape said. "I know it was you and your little friends."

"Why in the world would I steal that?" Harry asked. "In case you haven't noticed, I have a fair bit going on right now, and nothing in this wretched tournament would be made easier with boomslang skin."

"Perhaps a drop or two of Veritaserum would change that answer," Snape drawled. "Just one drop is likely all it would take to ensure you were honest."

"I'm sure the aurors would look kindly on you dosing me with that," Harry snarked. "If you've been robbed, call them. I'll gladly comply with an actual investigation."

Snape glared at him and looked like he was about to retort when a voice from behind Harry interrupted them.

"Is something the matter?" McGonagall asked.

"Nothing at all, Minerva," Snape said, giving Harry one last glare before he took off.

Harry watched the overgrown bat leave and was filled with a sense of foreboding. There was a good chance that someone stealing one of the key ingredients in polyjuice potion had nothing at all to do with him being entered into the tournament, but he wouldn't bet on that. If there really was someone here pretending to be someone else, it made Sirius' suggestion to make good use of the map even better.

As he made his way to the room, he wasn't surprised to see the door already there. He knocked, and it opened almost immediately, showing an excited-looking Luna.

"Hey, Harry!" the young blonde exclaimed.

"Hey, Luna," Harry said, smiling at his new friend.

As odd as she seemed and as much as he hadn't known what to make of her at first, he had come to actually enjoy her company. He was looking forward to introducing her to Hermione when he got the chance, and not just because he wanted to see the look on her face when something like snorkacks was inevitably brought up.

"I see you got the room set up," he said, noticing that the training room even sturdier was today than it usually was.

Luna had gotten significantly better at incorporating little details like that into the room, where he still visualized more basic things.

"Did you get held up?" Luna asked.

"Snape stopped me to ask if I stole something from him," Harry replied.

"Was it his ability to smile?" Luna asked. "I've often wondered why he doesn't seem capable."

Harry laughed at that, saying, "No. Some potions ingredients went missing, unless that was just something he made up to give me trouble. You never know with him."

"So, you're summoning Akeno this time, right?" Luna asked.

"Yup," Harry replied, taking out the paper with the Gremory ritual circle on it. "Akeno Himejima."

Instantly, a red circle of light appeared in front of him, and a moment later, Akeno appeared in it, looking as gorgeous as ever.

"Harry," she purred, and he swore his cock hardened from her tone alone, though the fact that he could make out the exact shape of her massive breasts through her tight school uniform was certainly a factor. He wondered how many guys at her school had walked into walls as she passed by.

"Akeno," Harry said, pulling her in for a passionate kiss.

He had taken Rias' advice to be less meek to heart, and it was working out for him so far. Akeno melted into his embrace and moaned into his mouth as he reached down and grabbed two large handfuls of her bountiful arse.

"Mmm, that was some welcome, handsome," Akeno sighed as they broke the kiss for air.

"He really is handsome, isn't he?" Luna asked, and Harry froze, having forgotten until that moment that he and Akeno weren't alone.

"Hi, Luna," Akeno said, smiling at the blonde.

"Hello, Akeno," Luna said. "I must say that I prefer your school uniform to our robes. It really brings out your lovely breasts."

"Why thank you," Akeno said as Harry sighed at Luna's lack of tact. "If I could get your measurements, I could get you one like it."

"Really?" Luna asked, sounding excited. "Should I strip down now?"

"Sure," Akeno said as Harry shot her a look. If the gleam in her eye was any indication, his discomfort was part of the appeal for him.

As Luna started stripping, Harry turned around, promising himself that he was going to spank Akeno so hard later.

"You can look, Harry," Luna said. "I don't mind."

That surprised him, and as he turned around to ask if she meant that, his jaw dropped as he saw that she had removed her underwear too. She didn't have a body like Rias or Akeno, but she was quite pretty all the same, and he kicked himself for not noticing until she was completely naked in front of him.

"Do you need to remove your underwear to take measurements?" Harry asked, his eyes lingering on her shaved slit.

"I never wear underwear," Luna replied as Akeno started pulling a measuring tape tight around her. "Ooo, that's cold."

"Is that why your nipples are so hard?" Akeno asked teasingly.

"No, that's because Harry's looking at me with an erection," Luna replied as casually as she would while discussing the weather.

The fact that she looked right at him while she said it, her silvery blue eyes dark with desire, only made him harder. How the hell did he not realize that Luna was hot?"

Akeno laughed at her response and finished taking her measurements, saying, "All done. I'll try to get you a uniform quickly."

"Thank you so much," Luna said, putting her robes back on. "Now, are you going to shoot lightning bolts at Harry?"

"That's the plan," Akeno said, grinning wickedly at him.

"Um, can I have a minute?" Harry asked, hoping to will away his erection before he started running for his life.

"No enemy will ever give you that," Akeno smirked, a yellow bolt of lightning forming in her palm.

Harry jumped over that one and ran, nearly getting hit by the second. Luna pulled the popcorn she'd gotten from the kitchen ahead of time out of her pocket and sat down to watch her favorite show. Harry was getting noticeably better every day, which took some of the humor out of it, but his increasing athleticism made it entertaining in other ways.

"Gah!" Harry cried as he was hit in the arse with a bolt of lightning.

There was also still the humor factor.

*****

"You're lasting a lot longer now than you were at first," Akeno said.

Harry just chugged the water Luna had gotten him and hoped that one couldn't actually die of exhaustion.

"Do you think that you could stay here tonight?" Akeno asked.

"My bed's curtains are pulled closed, and none of my dormmates would likely notice if I didn't show up, so yeah, why?" Harry asked.

"We've been training you quite hard, and I want to try something, a healing technique I learned from Rias," Akeno said. "It'll involve us sleeping in each other's embrace, completely nude."

"Do some people not sleep in the nude?" Luna asked, sounding confused.

"Some," Akeno replied, sounding deeply amused.

"Weird," Luna said, reaching into her pocket and pulling out a vial of pepper-up potion.

"Anyway, have fun you two," Luna said, making the room create a large, comfortable bed in the center of it.

"Night, Luna," Akeno said, grinning.

"Night," Harry said as she left.

"You really do look adorable when you're flustered," Akeno giggled.

"I'm going to spank your arse raw," Harry said darkly.

"Promises promises." Akeno purred, shuddering. "I see what Rias meant about Luna. She's fun, cute, and totally into you."

"Huh?" Harry asked.

"Girls don't strip naked in front of guys they don't like, Harry," Akeno said. "You know, neither Rias nor I would mind if you gave her what she so clearly wants."

Harry shivered at her breathy tone and the thought of seducing Luna. He didn't necessarily doubt Akeno, but he also knew that Luna was unusual and didn't want to ruin a new friendship by misinterpreting things. Deciding to wait for her to hint more strongly that she wanted him if she did, he changed the subject.

"Akeno, I wanted to ask, if I wanted to take you or Rias somewhere inside the castle, could you conceal yourselves well enough?" Harry asked.

"It would depend on who we came across," Akeno replied. "We're powerful enough to fool the average witch or wizard, but the most powerful of you are still threats to us. Your Albus Dumbledore would see through any spell we wove to conceal ourselves and likely take none too kindly to our presence in his castle."

"Damn," Harry sighed. He knew it was a long shot, but he'd still hoped that some solution would present itself.

"I could ask Luna, or I could ask Hermione," he thought to himself. "If Hermione's pissed at me after all, then that might help smooth things over a bit."

"Now, I think you said something about a spanking?" Akeno asked, grinning.

Harry sat down on the bed and stared at her, pointing to his lap.

"Hmm, you're growing more confident," Akeno said. "You've no idea how sexy that is."

"Not as sexy as you," Harry said, his voice low and rumbling. "Now get that gorgeous arse over my knee."

"Gladly, but first, I have something that I think you're going to like a lot," Akeno said. She held out her hand and a small tube of something appeared within it. "As amazing as this room seems, there are some things that you want to make absolutely sure won't disappear mid-use."

"What's that?" Harry asked.

"Lube," Akeno said, and her grin widened as his eyes did. "Fitting that massive cock of yours inside my tight little asshole is going to take a lot of work, and as fond as I am of pain, I'd really rather you not try and go in dry, especially the first time."

"Ther...there's probably a spell for that," Harry said, his mind racing as he tried to imagine just how good it would feel to have his cock buried inside her arse.

"I could probably do it magically, but like I say, since your cock will be the biggest thing I've ever had back there by a pretty considerable margin, I'm leaving nothing to chance this time," Akeno replied.

"What else have you…" Harry went to ask.

"Rias' fingers," Akeno replied, and Harry groaned as he felt his cock strain against his pants.

"Fuck, you're a naughty girl," Harry said.

"You have no idea," Akeno said. Throwing him the lube, she said, "Catch. You did so well today; I think you deserve a treat."

"Isn't anal a treat?" Harry asked.

"Two treats then," Akeno purred, and she started undoing the buttons of her corset one by one.

The room started playing music, something that Harry didn't know it could do, and Akeno swayed to the beat as she slowly undressed. Her shoes followed the corset, and Akeno danced up to him, reaching out to rest a foot on his shoulder. Harry groaned as he saw that she wasn't wearing any panties.

"Give me a hand with the sock?" Akeno asked and reached out to grab her foot immediately, gripping the sock as she pulled her foot back until it was bare.

She repeated that with the other one, her drooling slit on full display to him, and then padded away, giggling as she removed the black ribbon from her collar. She removed her shirt slowly, letting the fabric practically melt off of her in a way that had to require magic, and then reached behind her to unhook her bra.

"Fuck me, you're gorgeous," Harry hissed, making her giggle.

Her large breasts barely descended at all once her bra was removed, standing in abject defiance of gravity itself in their impossible perkiness. She had been very slow and methodical throughout her little strip tease, clearly trying to drive him mad, but it seemed like she was not unaffected herself, as once her bra hit the floor, she wasted no time at all quickly unzipping her skirt and letting it join her other clothes.

"What do you think?" Akeno asked.

"I think if you can walk in the morning, I'll have failed terribly," Harry growled, and Akeno flushed with desire, her violet eyes going black.

"I'm very strong, Harry," Akeno said, "and my stamina is immense."

"We both know you have limits," Harry said, "and I intend to make you reach them tonight."

"Do it," Akeno gasped, rushing over and climbing onto him until she was lying across his lap.

She reached out, and the room created a wooden paddle, which she handed to him.

"I'd say good girl, but we both know you've been very bad," Harry said.

"Then punish me," Akeno said, wiggling her gloriously round arse at him. "Yes!"

"You know how this works," Harry said. "The spanks only count if you count them."

He brought the paddle down again as hard as he could, making a loud cracking sound echo through, drowned out only by her scream.

"One!" Akeno cried, grabbing the sheets in front of her. "Two!"

Harry continued to rain blows down on her arse, noting how much easier it was using something other than his hand, as she counted the numbers diligently. Her skin turned a bright, angry red, and he'd have worried that he was actually hurting her if not for how powerful he knew her to be and how her cunt was absolutely overflowing. He could smell her arousal, and the scent was making his already hard cock throb painfully.

"Twe...twenty-nine!" Akeno stammered, tears running down her face and ruining her makeup.

"You've done so well," Harry said. "You've been such a good girl. Just one more, and we'll be done."

"Do it," Akeno whimpered. As the paddle came down one last time, she screamed, "Thirty!"

Harry dropped the paddle and started rubbing her red cheeks soothingly as she recovered.

"Fuck me," Akeno whispered.

"What was that?" Harry asked, grinning.

Akeno glared at him with a wave of her hand, undressed him instantly. Carefully climbing out of his lap, she settled on her hands and knees on the bed and shook her arse at him.

"Fuck me, please!" Akeno begged, and Harry grinned.

Shifting onto his knees, he joined her quickly and brushed her soaking wet nether lips with the head of his cock. She whimpered and lowered her head to the bed. Lining himself up, he pushed and slipped inside her slick tunnel with ease. She was just as maddeningly tight as ever, clinging to every inch of his thick cock like a hot, wet, silk glove. She stretched for him easily, however, and with her being so incredibly wet, he managed to bury his entire cock inside in one long thrust.

"Yes!" Akeno cried. "Fuck me hard, I'm so close!"

"Fucking hell, you really get off on pain," Harry groaned, still confused by the idea of that. "I wonder what other things I can do to you."

"There's...ugh...so much!" Akeno moaned, her grip on the sheets tightening until her knuckles turned white. "I'll show you everything that...that...AHH!"

Akeno shrieked as she came, writhing on the bed in pleasure as her tight pussy spasmed around Harry's length. He groaned both at the pleasure of feeling her try to milk him and at the knowledge that spanking her had gotten her this close. He had been fucking her for just a couple minutes, and she was already cumming hard. As her orgasm began to end, he pulled his cock from her still-quivering depths and reached over to grab the lube.

There was a great deal of information written on the tube, though it meant little to him. When he saw that it was water-based, he hoped it would last long enough, picturing how quickly water dried on his skin.

"Oh man, I needed that," Akeno sighed, looking back and smiling at him. "It's a thick gel that you coat your cock with to make it easier to fit inside me."

"A gel makes more sense, I guess," Harry said. "I was picturing something watery."

"No, that wouldn't work," Akeno said. She hovered her hand over her arsehole and cast a quick spell before saying, "There, all clean."

"Really?" Harry asked.

"Mmhmm," Akeno replied. "Lubed too, though you should still lube up your cock. Given your size, I doubt there's such a thing as too much lube in this scenario."

"Hmm," Harry murmured to himself, looking down at her winking little arsehole.

It looked so small and he was so large that he really couldn't picture how he was going to fit inside her, but she seemed sure, so he was more than willing to try it. As he continued looking at her, an idea occurred to him that he hadn't even considered before, but if she was magically cleaned, he figured it couldn't hurt to try. Setting the lube aside, he lowered himself until his face was inches from her arse.

"Harry?" Akeno asked. "What are...gah!"

Akeno cut herself with a squeak as he traced the tip of his tongue over her arsehole. Moans tinged with disbelief spilled from her pouty lips as he started swirling his tongue around the wrinkled hole, making it quiver.

"That feels so damn good," Akeno moaned. "I can't believe you're doing that."

"You said it was clean," Harry said with a shrugg. A wicked grin formed on his face as another thought occurred to him, and he said, "I wonder how it will take parseltongue."

"Pars...fuck!" Akeno cried as he began vibrating his tongue against her arsehole.

Her thighs shook on either side of him as he continued to pleasure her and she nearly buckled completely when he pushed two fingers inside her pussy. Curling them downward, he brushed against her g-spot and went back to licking her ass.

"Oh, don't stop, don't stop, don't fucking stop!" Akeno wailed, sounding half-dazed already. "You're gonna make me cum!"

Harry grinned and started fingering her harder, rubbing that sensitive spot again and again as she grew louder and louder. He felt her pussy start to spasm around him a second before she came undone with an ear-piercing, wordless squeal. Her cunt gushed, splashing his chin with her juices as he continued to use his tongue and fingers to drive her insane. She collapsed on the bed as her orgasm began to wane, panting like she'd run a marathon.

"So...good…" Akeno panted, her body continuing to twitch as aftershocks of pleasure hit her.

"Clearly," Harry laughed, wiping his chin, neck, and chest down with a towel the room conjured for him.

"Fuck me, Harry," Akeno panted. "Fuck my ass."

Harry grabbed the tube of lubricant and squeezed some of the gel into his hand. It was as thick as Akeno said, as he coated his cock with it, he realized why it was effective as lube. Whether or not he was going to fit inside her was still a question, but one he was eager to find out the answer to. He squeazed a little onto his finger as well and pressed it into her arsehole, making her moan.

"Mmm, that's it," Akeno purred.

"You're ready?" Harry asked.

"Ready enough," Akeno replied. "Do it."

Lining himself up with her tightest hole, he pushed forward, only to grunt when he didn't get in.

"Ahh," Akeno groaned. "Give me a minute."

He waited for her to do whatever she was planning to d, assuming that she was trying to relax herself a little.

"Try again," Akeno said.

He pushed forward, his cock aimed straight at her puckered hole, and groaned when he felt it give way enough for his bulbous head to pop inside.

"Fuck!" Akeno cried, her back arching as the feeling of being suddenly stretched hit her.

"You okay?" Harry asked through gritted teeth, not quite believing just how insanely tight and hot she felt.

"Ye...yes," Akeno panted, "you just feel really, really big back there. I could almost believe that's a fist you just shoved in me."

"I'm not that big," Harry chuckled, looking at his large hands.

"Not your fist, maybe," Akeno laughed. "Just give me a moment to get used to you."

"Take all the time you need," Harry said, more than content to just enjoy the immense heat of her.

"Wow," Akeno sighed after a moment. "I thought you felt big in my pussy. You can move again; just go slow."

Harry pushed another inch of his cock inside her, and she grunted, clawing at the sheets in front of her. Pulling out slightly, he pushed in further, feeling more of his cock slip inside. It was an odd sensation because the majority of her sear-hot insides weren't as tight as pussy, but the ring squeezing the life out of her cock was leagues tighter. When he'd fucked both Akeno and Rias before, presumably because they were devils, their pussies had stretched easily for him. This was not the case with her arse and it took him a few minutes of slow and careful penetration to bury his entire length inside her. Akeno grunted, gasped, and groaned throughout it, but didn't even ask him to slow down, much less stop.

"That's all of it," Harry said as he finally felt his hips press against her thick, still-red cheeks.

"Holy shit!" Akeno sighed. "You feel so damn deep."

"Does it hurt at all?" Harry asked.

"Not in a bad way," Akeno said. "Even I doubt I'd be into painal, and with all that lube, it doesn't hurt much. Let's just say that it feels really good but I'll probably need a pillow to sit down tomorrow.

"So long as you're okay," Harry said.

"So sweet," Akeno said, "now fuck me hard! I want to see what I can take."

Harry shifted his position so that he was hovering over her and Akeno let out a lewd moan as his cock moved within her. He grinned at that, for while she had made many noises since he first started pushing his cock inside her tightest hole, none of them had been moans. Taking that as a good sign, he began pulling his cock out of her depths, his eyes nearly crossing at the feeling of her tight ring stubbornly trying to stop him. Akeno moaned again and buried her face in the sheets, giving him an idea. Her hair was still in the ponytail she usually wore and so, when he reached out and grabbed it, he was able to pull her head back up with ease.

"I want to hear every sound you make," he whispered in her ear, and he felt the shudder that went through her body.

When most of his cock was eased out of her, he snapped his hips forward, burying every thick inch back inside her in one brutal thrust. Her scream was so loud that if they were in any other room in the castle, he might have feared everyone hearing her.

"More, more!" Akeno shrieked.

Continuing to keep his tight grip on her hair, he began fucking her hard and fast. It had taken a lot of gentle work to help her stretch around him, but now that she had, he was able to move easily within her. His every rough thrust resulted in a scream of delight from the masochistic brunette, who soared towards her peak rapidly.

Her massive breasts swung pendulously under her, and with his free hand, Harry reached under and cupped one of the mammoth mounds. Kneading the soft yet firm flesh with his fingers, he reached for her pebbled nipple and pinched the hard peak just as he knew she liked it.

"It's so much, it's too much, I...I…" Akeno trailed off and let out a wordless scream as she came hard.

Her back arched towards him, and she squirted all over the bed under them, soaking his balls in the process, but Harry barely noticed as he was overwhelmed by the feeling of her already tight arse clenching hard around him. Akeno fell utterly limp onto the bed as her orgasm passed, her body slick with sweat and breaths coming in short and fast.

"Never...never cum...that hard...in my life," she panted, sounding exhausted. "We've...got to do...that ag…"

She trailed off as she clenched her inner muscles and realized that Harry was still hard. Looking over her shoulder at him shock, he couldn't help but smirk at her wide, unfocused eyes.

"Oh, we're doing this again," Harry said. "I thought it was a fluke before, or because I was rubbing your g-spot, but you just really get off on anal, huh?"

"I…" Akeno stuttered, looking unsure for the first time since he'd met her.

Leaning in with a devilish grin on his face, Harry whispered, "Unless you say red, I'm going to fuck your tight little arse until you pass out from the pleasure."

"Greengreengreengreen," Akeno rushed out, her eyes going black with desire.

Harry laughed and started pounding her arse again, using the full length of his large cock to absolutely ream the little anal slut. Akeno's screams echoed through the room as he continued to pound her hard. Words began to fail her as her mind was consumed by pleasure until all she was capable of was blissful screams. After her second orgasm, she collapsed on the bed, too weak to hold herself up anymore. As she lay there, taking everything he could give her and cumming again and again, her eyes went glassy.

Harry didn't stop for a moment, not even as his muscles screamed at him to relent. He was holding himself back somehow, but he knew that he couldn't stop his orgasm forever. He desperately wanted to, though, both because of how incredible it felt to fuck her arse and how great her round cheeks looked as they rippled and jiggled with his every rough thrust. The bed was a drenched ruin under them, soaked through by how many times Akeno had squirted, and he was very glad that he'd be able to get it replaced by the room and that it wouldn't need to be washed. As the pleasure of her sweltering insides finally became too much, he roared and came hard, filling her up with his thick white cum.

"Oh fuck," Harry panted, utterly exhausted as he collapsed on top of her in a heap.

He rolled them onto their sides and pulled her hot body against him, spooning her as he came back down from his high. That was easily one of the greatest experiences of his life, and he dearly hoped that he hadn't overdone it. The two of them laid there for a while, snuggling together as they recovered from the exhausting sex. After a while, Akeno turned around and kissed him. The two of them made out gently, languidly, as their breathing returned to normal.

"I thought you'd passed out," Harry said.

"I think I entered a different state of mind entirely back there," Akeno giggled. "That was amazing."

"Something you'd like to do again?" Harry asked.

"If I feel even the faintest hint of an erection, I'm saying red," Akeno said, making him laugh. "I'll be sitting and walking funny tomorrow, and it'll be a while before I want to try this again, but definitely someday. I'll be telling Rias how great it was too."

Harry groaned at the thought of fucking the gorgeous redhead in the arse too.

"So, if you're ready for bed, we should probably get a new one and get to it," Akeno said. "You'll feel much better after a night with me, and not just for the obvious reason."

"That sounds amaz...oh shit!" Harry exclaimed, rushing to his feet and grabbing his wand. "Tempus."

"What's wrong?" Akeno asked.

"I was supposed to meet Hermione in the library," Harry said. "It isn't closed yet, but I'll be cutting it closer than I meant to."

"Here," Akeno said, waving her hand at him. He was cleaned immediately by her magic and sighed in relief at the time saved. "Meet with her and then return here. I'll wait up for you, for a while at least."

"Of course," Harry said, getting dressed as Akeno had the room create a new bed. She limped over to it and had the room remove the ruined one once she was off of it.

"This won't take long, I promise," Harry said, kissing her again.

"I'll be holding you to that, stud," Akeno said.

Harry smiled and left, getting one last look at her incredible body before he closed the door.

*****

"...so I brewed up a batch of polyjuice for us," Hermione said.

"Polyjuice in second year?" Krum asked. "Much impress."

Hermione smiled at the compliment and said, "It ended up being for naught anyway. The one we suspected was involved, and in retrospect, we shouldn't have suspected him in the first place, but we were young, and he's just so unpleasant. It didn't go entirely smoothly anyway."

"Oh?" Krum asked.

"The hair that I used, I plucked from the robes of another girl, but it turned out to be from her cat instead of her," Hermione explained, blushing at the memory as Krum's eyes widened.

"What happened?" he asked.

"I ended up looking like a transfiguration disaster," Hermione replied. "Fur everywhere, cat ears and a tail, thank goodness our resident healer managed to undo it."

"Completely?" Krum asked. "No, how is said...furballs?"

Hermione laughed and said, "No, nothing like that. I made a full recovery."

Krum joined in laughing for a moment and then turned serious as he said, "Listen, Hermyownee, I...there is something I want ask."

"Go ahead," Hermione said.

"The coming Yule Ball, the...um...person I would take, I cannot," Krum said slowly, clearly trying to make the words as clear as possible. "I wonder if Hermyownee would go...as friend?"

"The ball?" Hermione asked, her eyes widening. "I...er, are you sure?"

"Da," Krum said. "You are not like others. Not fanatic or user but nice. Would have good time."

"I'd love to," Hermione said, trying to suppress her inner panic about what she was going to wear.

Part of her had been considering just blowing the whole thing off and enjoying a nice night with a book and a cup of tea. She was going to need a dress and shoes, and she'd need to figure out how to do something with the rat's nest that sprouted from her scalp.

"Maybe Lavender and Parvati will have some ideas," she thought to herself.

"Good," Krum said.

"Um, don't answer if you don't want to, but why can't you take the person you want to?" Hermione asked.

"Would be bad for both," Krum sighed, looking pained. He schooled his expression a moment later and said, "I must go. Thanks Hermyownee."

"My pleasure," Hermione said, smiling.

Krum departed and left her alone with her thoughts. There were a few more weeks until Christmas, so she was confident that she'd have time to figure out her look. Alas, that was the only thing she was confident about. She needed a distraction for the time being, and thankfully, that distraction came in the form of Harry a moment later. He looked exhausted again and her brow furrowed in confusion and concern.

"What on Earth have you been doing?" Hermione asked as he sat down.

"Training," Harry replied.

"With what exactly, a Nundu?" Hermione asked.

Harry looked concerned for a moment before saying, "I've been getting Luna to throw stinging jinxes at me while I dodge."

"Luna?" Hermione asked.

"Luna Lovegood," Harry said. "She's a year behind us in Ravenclaw."

"A redhead?" Hermione asked.

"No, blonde," Harry replied. He might have questioned her under normal circumstances, but the thought seemed not to occur to him. "Snuffles got back to me."

"What did he say?" Hermione asked.

"He was impressed by how I got through the first task but advised me to keep on my guard, since the judges will likely make sure that easy solutions aren't possible in the other tasks," Harry replied. "He also said that I should keep an eye on the map, something that might be a very good idea if what Snape said is true."

"Professor Snape," Hermione corrected him automatically. "What did he say?"

"He accused me of stealing boomslang skin," Harry replied.

"Boomslang?" Hermione breathed, a chill going through her as she realized what that likely meant.

"The person who slipped my name into the cup could easily be here in disguise," Harry said.

"That's horrifying," Hermione said.

"You don't think that, Ron…" Harry asked.

"Ron?" Hermione asked.

"It would explain why he's been such a pillock all bloody year," Harry grumbled.

"Ron's envy is unfortunate but not entirely out of character," Hermione replied, "and if someone had abducted Ron and taken his place, it would have made more sense to stay close to you rather than distance themselves."

"You're right," Harry sighed, scowling.

"You still have me, Harry," Hermione said, placing her hand on his.

"And I appreciate that more than I could say," Harry said, placing a hand over hers and smiling at her.

Hermione felt her pulse quicken rapidly as his green eyes shone right at her.

"The sad thing is that I'm too bloody busy these days to keep an eye on the map," Harry said.

"I could," Hermione said. "If polyjuice is involved, it's probably one of the students from the other schools. It would make perfect sense to, having learned that the tournament was going to happen, pick one of the loners who were going to be going to Hogwarts and take their place."

"That would make some sense," Harry said. "Whether one of them or one of ours, picking someone with few friends would make it easier to act like them. Fewer people to accidentally trip them up that way."

"Precisely," Hermione said. "Give me the map, and I'll make a point of noting anyone keeping to themselves and trying to learn their names to make sure they are who they seem."

"What would I do without you?" Harry asked, reaching into his bag and pulling out the map.

"If I have my way, you'll never find out," Hermione thought to herself. "I don't think we're going to get much done tonight with how tired you look. Why don't you go to bed and try to take it a little easier tomorrow? That way, we'll be able to do some research for the next task."

"Before I go, I wanted to ask, will you go to the Yule Ball with me?" Harry asked, and Hermione's jaw dropped.

"Wha...what?" she, asked, her heart pounding in her chest.

"I have too much going on right now to think about dating, so I thought that taking a friend might be for the best," Harry said, and her heart sank.

His disinterest was disappointing, but it did make what she said next easier, "Sorry, Harry, but I've already been asked."

"Really?" Harry asked. "Who?"

"I...er," Hermione stammered, not sure if Krum wanted anyone to know just yet. "I'd prefer not to say yet."

"Alright," Harry said, yawning. "Night, Hermione."

"Good night, Harry," Hermione said.

As he turned and left, she opened her charms textbook and began reading the next chapter. Had she been looking, she might have noticed that Harry didn't go in the direction of the Gryffindor Common Room but towards the main staircases.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:MyddynEmrys, ZealJD, TheReaperOfMars and 622 others
voivode_writer
Jun 25, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 6
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Jul 9, 2024
Add bookmark
#136
"You're getting better at this," Luna remarked as she sent another couple of stinging hexes his way.

"So are you," Harry replied as he jumped over one and redirected the other back at her.

Luna cried out and dove to the side, narrowly avoiding her own spell. She was panting as she got back up, and Harry realized, to his shock, that he wasn't. Sparing with Luna wasn't quite as intensive as sparing with Rias or Akeno was, if one could even call the kind of training they did sparing, but he still wouldn't have had nearly this much energy left after dodging spells for as long as he had been here when he first started.

"Take a break; you're starting to look fatigued," Harry said, and Luna smiled as she relaxed. "Could you summon some training dummies for me?"

"Of course," Luna said, willing the room to create some rather durable targets as she sat down in the chair she had it make for her.

Harry turned to the training dummies and began unleashing every offensive spell he'd learned over the last few days. His repertoire was still somewhat lacking, but cutting curses, bludgeoning hexes, and fire spells flew from his wand with greater power and precision than they ever had before. Rias had decided that he'd spent enough time focusing purely on dodging a few days ago and had him start working on refining his offensive capabilities as well.

"Incendio!" he roared, unleashing flames that engulfed one of the last unharmed dummies, burning it to a crisp.

"Very nice," Luna commented.

Harry turned to her and saw her drinking a glass of water. She stood up as he looked at her, and though her breathing had returned to normal, he could tell just by looking at her that she had probably had enough.

"I think we can call that a day," he said.

"Okay," Luna accepted simply. "Do you and Rias, or Akeno, usually bathe after training, or do you just skip right to sex?"

"I…" Harry stuttered, "we usually bathe. Could you get the room to make some showers for us?"

"Actually, I wanted to try something that Akeno mentioned," Luna said.

Before Harry could ask what exactly that was, Luna's face scrunched up in concentration and the room transformed into something that Harry had never seen before. It was outdoors, and he marveled at how well the room could recreate nature scenes and even sunshine, making it all seem perfectly real. Before him lay what looked like a big pool, surrounded by stones. Looking like it was in someone's backyard, there were a smattering of small trees here and there through the area and a large, wooden house behind Luna.

"I think this is more or less what an onsen looks like," Luna said once she was satisfied with the room's creation.

"A what?" Harry asked.

"An onsen," Luna repeated. "It's a sort of communal bathing area found in Japan and built on natural hot springs."

"Oh," Harry said, turning to look back at the scene she had created. "It's beautiful. We'll have to see how it compares to the real thing when either of them gets a chance to come by...wait, communal what?"

Harry whipped back around, and his eyes widened comically as he saw that Luna had stripped down completely. He had seen her undressed before, but something about being alone with her in this state made it different. The sheen of sweat on her thin, pale body only added to her allure, and he caught himself staring far later than he would have liked. Averting his gaze up to her face, he noticed the slight, dreamy smile on her lips and that her gray eyes looked keenly interested.

"Akeno said that communal bathing is rather common in Japan," she said.

"Probably sex segregated," Harry said.

"She didn't say," Luna said. With a little twirl, she added, "I don't mind you seeing me anyway."

Despite himself, his eyes darted to her pert little arse, and he felt his cock swell in his pants. Rias and Akeno were both busy that day, dealing with some stray devil that had wandered into her territory and had suggested that he train with Luna instead. He'd agreed, quite enjoying the blonde's company at this point, but that left him with a couple problems. One of them was that he'd gotten rather used to regular sex at this point, and going without, even for a day, had left him horny as it was. The fact that Luna seemed to have no concept of normal social conventions around nudity only added to that.

"If you'd rather we bathe separately, I suppose we can, but I just thought it might be fun to have someone wash my back," Luna said, her large eyes staring pleadingly at him. "No one's done that for me since Mummy died. I'd happily return the favor."

"Why do I feel bad about wanting to turn her down?" he wondered to himself as he buckled under the pressure of her puppydog eyes. "I guess we could."

"Yay!" Luna exclaimed, running over to the water and hopping in.

Her breasts might not have been as large as Rias' or Akeno's, but Harry couldn't help but notice that they were large enough to jiggle while she ran. Hard as steel, he turned around and began undressing, planning to ask her to turn around while he got in the water.

"Oh, that is wonderfully warm," Luna sighed, already sounding relaxed. "Your training is really starting to pay off, Harry."

"Yeah, even with Rias and Akeno, I don't get hit nearly as often as I used to," Harry said, feeling a sense of pride at that.

"Mmhmm, that too, and it's also given you a really nice bum," Luna said, making Harry blush.

"Could you, um, turn around while I get in?" he asked.

"Okay," Luna said.

Harry peered around at her, noticing that her long blonde hair was plastered to her back, and tried to think of his aunt and uncle as he got into the water. It was just as nice as Luna said, and by the time he had reached her, he already felt his muscles starting to relax.

"Alright, I'm in," Harry said, and Luna turned to look at him, smiling widely.

An assortment of soaps and shampoos appeared on the stone steps outside the hot spring, and Luna reached over to grab one of the bottles.

"I'll do your hair first," she said, and Harry shrugged, turning around.

Part of the floor of the pool rose up to let him sit down comfortably, and he barely held in a moan as Luna started massaging his scalp. Bathing with a beautiful girl was unsurprisingly lovely for many reasons, but Harry had never imagined how nice it would feel to have someone else bathe him. From what he could recall, being bathed by his aunt as a child had been a quick and unpleasant experience, so he never knew how nice such a simple touch could be.

"Have you figured out what the next task is going to be?" she asked.

"No," Harry said. "The egg apparently contains a clue, but when you open it, it just emits this horrid screeching sound. I've been so caught up with training that I haven't given it much thought over the last few weeks."

"A screeching sound, you say?" Luna asked. "Does it sound anything like this?"

She let out a high-pitched, utterly unpleasant sound just then that bore a surprising resemblance to what the egg did.

"Bloody hell," Harry grumbled. "Yes, that's it exactly. What on Earth is it?"

"Mermish," Luna replied, getting back to washing his hair.

"Mermish?" Harry asked.

"Mmhmm," Luna replied. "I go to the lake sometimes to talk to Mr. Tentacles. He's very nice. The mermen have come by a few times while I've had my head in the water, and that's what their language sounds like above it."

"So I'll have to open the egg underwater," Harry surprised.

"And put your head under too," Luna said. "The room will make that easy."

"Thanks, Luna," Harry said, happy to have finally gotten a lead on the next task.

She had the room conjure a bucket and, after warning him to close his eyes, poured water over his head until it ran clear of the shampoo.

"Do me next!" Luna said, turning around.

Trying and failing not to let the words 'do me,' affect his aching cock, Harry shook his head and squirted some of the shampoo in his hands. Once he'd lathered them up, he got to work massaging the shampoo into Luna's scalp. Her breathy little sigh made his cock throb and he tried to distract himself by asking her something that he had meant to for a couple days at that point.

"Have any of your things gone missing recently?" he asked.

"Not since you got the house elves to find them all," Luna replied. "It's almost like the nargles are scared of you, but why would that be?"

"I might have given a general warning that if any of your things went missing again, I'd find out which 'nargles' did it and pay the twins to make their lives miserable," Harry said. "Now close your eyes while I rinse you off."

She did so and as he used the same bucket to rinse the shampoo out of her hair that she'd used on him, he recalled getting Cho to deliver that warning. She seemed to be unaware of the bullying Luna had received and was happy to, in her capacity as prefect, try to make things better.

"You didn't have to do that, Harry," Luna said softly after a moment.

"You're my friend, Luna," Harry said. "Friends help friends when they need it. Now do you want me to wash your ba..."

Luna cut him off by turning around and hugging him tightly. His erection was trapped between their bodies, pressed right up against her belly, and he let out an involuntary groan at the sensation.

"Thank you," Luna whispered.

"A...anytime," Harry stammered.

Pulling back just enough to look up at him, her big gray eyes damp with unshed tears, she said, "You have a very large penis."

"So I've been told," Harry hissed, unsure of what to say to that.

"Is it painful having it this hard?" Luna asked.

"A little," Harry admitted.

"Would you like me to do something about it?" Luna asked, her face going slightly pink.

"You don't have to do that," Harry rushed out.

"But I'm your friend," Luna said, her eyes taking on a hint of mischief, "and friends help friends when they need it."

"I...oof!" Harry grunted as the stone he was seated on pushed him upward until his cock was out of the water and right in Luna's face.

"Wow," Luna said. "I can't believe this fits inside Rias and Akeno. Can I touch it?"

"Yes," Harry said, and he gasped as she wrapped her small hand around him tentatively. "Be gentle."

"Of course," Luna said, "your lovers would be most cross with me if I damaged your lovely penis. If I did, though, I promise that I'd kiss it better."

She leaned in and pressed her lips against his swollen head, earning another gasp from him. She slowly stroked him with both hands while peppering his sensitive glans with wet kisses. It was the weirdest way that he'd ever been pleasured, but he had to admit that it felt good, especially when she cupped his balls.

"Be very, very gentle with those!" Harry exclaimed.

"Mmm, are they also bigger than normal?" Luna asked, her tone almost innocently inquisitive, "because they do seem a bit oversized for a human."

"N...no idea," Harry moaned.

She reached behind his balls and started pressing her finger in against a spot between them and his arsehole that nearly made him jump.

"According to the sex books Mummy left me, the most intense pleasure a man can feel comes from stimulating his prostate, but that's up your bum, and most guys are oddly sensitive about that," Luna explained. "This spot right here mimics that kind of stimulation in a way that isn't so bothersome."

She wrapped her lips around the bulbous head of his cock then and started sucking on it as she continued to stroke him and play around with that spot. Harry's moans grew louder as he felt his orgasm fast approaching and for the first time in a while, he failed to give a warning in time. He came hard, and the first massive rope of cum hit Luna right in the throat, making her cough. She pulled back and got the next few ropes right in the face, and by the time his orgasm abated, she was quite thoroughly covered in cum.

"Aw," Luna whined after she stopped coughing, "and you had just washed my hair too."

"Sorry," Harry panted, still shocked by how hard he'd cum.

"That's okay," Luna said. "I'll just have to catch it all in my mouth next time."

Harry felt his cock twitch at that.

The two of them kept the rest of their bath completely platonic, or as platonic as they could, and as they were getting dressed, Harry remembered that there was something he meant to bring up earlier.

"Luna, would you like to go to the Yule Ball with me?" he asked.

"I'd love to," Luna replied, smiling widely. "I guess that you couldn't exactly bring Rias or Akeno, huh?"

"No, I couldn't, but I also do want to bring you," Harry said.

"Is it because I sucked your penis earlier?" Luna asked.

"No," Harry replied quickly. "I meant to ask you earlier, but...I got distracted."

Luna just smiled and closed the distance between them, wrapping her arms around him.

"I wish we'd met sooner," she said.

"I do too," Harry replied, running his fingers through her hair.

She looked up at him, her eyes beaming, and without thinking at all, he leaned down and kissed her softly. She returned the kiss with a sigh, her eyes fluttering closed. It was an oddly chaste kiss, all things considered, and as Harry pulled back, Luna smiled at him.

"My first kiss," she murmured softly.

"How was it?" Harry asked.

"Nice," Luna replied. "Maybe we'll get to explore some other firsts the night of the ball."

"Luna," Harry groaned as his cock hardened again.

"I'd offer to take care of that one too, but I have an essay I need to finish," Luna said. "I'll see you later."

"Later," Harry said, smiling as he watched her leave.

It was the weekend, and he didn't have anything terribly pressing to do. He felt rather invigorated after the morning training session and decided to go flying. It took him a little time to get down from the seventh floor and up to his dormroom in Gryffindor Tower, but he didn't mind. He went out onto the grounds, and made his way towards the lake, finding someone running around it as he approached. Once he drew close enough, he realized that it was Fleur Delacour.

"'Arry?" she asked as she spotted him.

For the second time that day, Harry took in the vision of a slightly sweaty blonde and found this one no less alluring than the last.

"Fleur," he replied.

"Do you 'ave a minute?" Fleur asked. "Zere is something zat I wish to ask you."

"Go ahead," Harry said.

"Would you like to accompany me to ze Yule Ball?" Fleur asked.

Harry just blinked, taking a moment to confirm that he'd actually heard that.

"Sorry?" he asked, still unwilling to accept it.

"Ze ball," Fleur repeated. "I zink you would make a fine date."

"Me?" Harry asked. Even with him sleeping with the two hottest women he'd ever met and having a third girl very interested in him, this still came as a shock.

Fleur just giggled, saying, "Is it truly so strange?"

"In a word, yes," Harry replied, earning another small laugh. "Sadly, I must say no. I've already asked someone."

"Ah," Fleur said, looking genuinely disappointed. "She is a lucky girl."

"Not as lucky as whichever bloke you go with will be," Harry said.

"Alas, zere are, 'ow you say...slim pickings," Fleur said. "I 'ave little use for most of ze boys from my school, wouldn't trust most from Durmstrang, and find few 'ere to be zat appealing."

"What about the other champions?" Harry asked.

"Diggory is taken, and Krum would 'ave little interest in moi," Fleur replied.

"Who in the world wouldn't be interested in you?" Harry asked.

"Zink about it," Fleur said, giving him a pointed look.

"Oh!" Harry exclaimed as one possible reason for a guy having no interest in her occurred to him. "Really?"

"Veela are creatures of sex and desire," Fleur replied. "We can sense the sexual desires of zose around us, which makes ze utter absence if it towards us always noticeable."

"I guess I just wouldn't have expected him to be so gruff," Harry said.

"If all stereotypes 'eld true, I would, as a veela, be a raging 'ore, and you would be a spoiled, cocky wastrel as ze heir to a noble 'ouse, like zat bad faith cretin," Fleur said.

"Who?" Harry asked.

"Malfoy," Fleur said, sounding like the very name left a bad taste in her mouth. He supposed that they'd met. "'Is name is French and zat is what it translates to."

"Really?" Harry asked, instantly amused. "I suppose he truly lives up to the family name. The little coward challenged me to a duel in our first year, to take place at midnight, and then, instead of showing up, he sent the faculty to find me out after curfew."

"I see 'e 'asn't matured much since then," Fleur said.

"I have to ask, when did your opinion of me change so much?" Harry asked. "You went from calling me a little boy to being positively friendly."

"Ah," Fleur said, cringing. "Zat I must apologize for, zough I did not actually mean to insult you. When you showed up in zat room and were declared ze fourth champion, I expressed my surprise and meant to point out zat you were clearly not a seventh year. I meant to say something along ze lines of underclassman, but it got lost in translation. I did not mean to imply zat you were a child."

"Oh," Harry chuckled. "Truth be told, I was far too freaked out that night to take much offense. I just recall being surprised that you were so friendly the day of the first task."

"Desire is not all zat veela can sense, 'Arry," Fleur said, her sky blue eyes locked onto his and looking as though she were peering into his very soul. "Something changed in you before ze task. I cannot say what, and if you were from Durmstrang, I would suspect something dark at work, but you went from feeling like any ordinary wizard to shining like ze sun. I was intrigued. Still am."

"I…" Harry went to say before trailing off.

Did she sense that he slept with Rias somehow?

"I started taking my studies far more seriously and began training," Harry said. "Other than that, I can't say what you'd be sensing."

"Hmm," Fleur said, brushing her hand over his bicep. "I zink zat training is paying off. I 'ope you'll save me a dance."

"Of course," Harry replied automatically before going still.

Dancing. Of course there was going to be dancing at the bloody ball, that's what balls were for. He had no idea how to dance, and there was not much time left to learn.

"'Arry?" Fleur asked, cocking a perfectly sculpted brow at him.

"Sorry, Fleur, I just realized that I forgot something," Harry said. "I'll see you later. Oh, by the way, if you haven't figured out the egg yet, try listening to it underwater."

"Underwater?" Fleur asked.

"Yes, apparently that wretched screeching is Mermish," Harry replied, too preoccupied to notice how much Fleur paled.

"Wh...why tell me?" Fleur asked.

"I don't care much about winning the tournament, and I haven't actually tried this out yet, so it might not work," Harry said. "Anyway, I've got to run."

"Zank you," Fleur said as he ran back towards the castle.

The egg wasn't what he wanted to take care of, but it wouldn't be a bad idea.

*****

"Alright," Rias said as they approached the warehouse that the stray devil they were hunting had holed up in. "If possible, I'd prefer to handle this without destroying this place."

"It's a good spot to hide in," Akeno commented. "If this devil has been here for even a few hours, he'll have us at a severe disadvantage."

"His name is Kenji, and he's not been here long," Rias said. "He was last spotted in Sapporo and left very few clues as he made his way down here. If not for the man he dismembered, we might not have even noticed that he passed through."

"So he was careful up to this point and got careless," Koneko said flatly. "May I make a suggestion?"

"Go ahead," Rias said.

"Use me as bait," Koneko said. "I can make myself look like a dumb runaway trying to find shelter. He comes out to prey on me, gets a broken nose for his trouble, and then I can throw him out here where you two can finish him off."

"This is your first hunt of this type, Koneko," Rias said. "In truth, I meant for you to watch us more than anything."

"You said yourself that you want to minimize damage, and Akeno's right," Koneko said, "if we go in there together, he'll spot us before we spot him, and we'll probably end up trashing the place."

"She is quite strong," Akeno pointed out.

Rias tapped her foot as she went over the pros and cons of the idea before saying, "Fine, but I want you to keep a discreet eye on her. At the first sign of real trouble, we rush in."

"Alright," Akeno said as Koneko sneaked inside the warehouse.

"Rias?" she heard Harry ask through the spell she kept linking them.

"What's up?" she asked.

When Akeno looked down at her in confusion, she mouthed his name and pointed at the warehouse.

"Is this a bad time?" Harry asked.

"Not really," Rias replied. "This particular stray doesn't seem very dangerous, and I'm not in combat right now anyway."

"I asked Luna to the ball," Harry said.

"Good," Rias said. "I'm sure you two will have fun."

"Provided she still has unbroken feet at the end of it," Harry muttered. "I've been so focused on everything else that I forgot that a ball would involve dancing. I've no bloody clue how and was hoping that you might be able to teach me."

"Sure," Rias chuckled. "Akeno and I are both going to be free tomorrow, so we'll be able to teach you."

"Both of you?" Harry asked, and she could practically hear his smile in his voice.

"We'll make up for leaving you so neglected today," Rias said.

"I wasn't entirely neglected," Harry said.

"Oh?" Rias asked, suddenly intrigued.

"Luna and I trained together, and she insisted on bathing together afterward," Harry said. "One thing led to another…"

"Good for you two," Rias commented.

"You're not mad?" Harry asked. "I know Akeno said you wouldn't be, but…"

"Harry, that girl couldn't make her desire for you any more obvious is she tried," Rias chuckled. "She clearly wants to sleep with you."

"We didn't go that far," Harry said.

"I'd like to see the first time for myself," Rias commented, "if you two can hold off."

"She might have something planned for the ball," Harry said.

"Then I'll have to make sure you can dance by then," Rias commented.

That girl seemed to possess certain talents that might be useful to her down the line. She hadn't made a decision on whether or not to offer her an evil piece yet, but she was evaluating her for it, and luring her into bed with her and Harry would make it easier to get her to accept. Of course, she had evaluated a few potentials so far that didn't pan out, so only time would tell.

The side door to the warehouse came flying off the hinges just then as a rather decrepit looking Japanese man was thrown through it.

"I've got to go," Rias said. "Summon Akeno and I tomorrow, let's say a couple hours after you have breakfast."

"Will do," Harry said. "Good luck."

He ended the connection, and Rias smiled as she looked down at the battered devil. He was quite thin and felt weak.

"Fucking bitch," he grumbled, getting up and glaring at the door through which Koneko emerged. There wasn't a single scratch on her.

"It doesn't seem necessary, Rias, but may I?" Akeno asked.

"Go ahead," Rias said, and the next second, Kenji's screams echoed through the streets as lightning coursed through his entire body.

He fell to the ground, wailing and writhing in agony as Akeno rained down enough electricity to fry a normal human to an unrecognizable crisp. The stray was made of sterner stuff than that, but by the time Akeno relented, all he could do was twitch on the ground.

"You made two mistakes, Kenji," Rias said softly as she tapped into her inherent power of destruction. "The first was attempting to shake off the bonds of your master, the one who gave you the gift of devilry, and the second was entering my territory."

He glared balefully up at her in impotent rage, and she unleashed a torrent of crimson energy at him. Engulfed by her powers, every atom of his being was destroyed until nothing but his memory remained.

"Sorry about the door," Koneko said.

"If that's the full extent of the damage, don't worry about it," Rias said. "The last time we hunted a stray, we nearly destroyed an entire house trying to take him down."

"This," Akeno added, waving her hand at the door and repairing it instantly, "is much simpler to fix."

"Well done," Rias said, patting Koneko's head.

A faint smile twitched across the nekomata's face for a moment.

*****

"It's hopeless," Ron groaned to a sympathetic-seeming Seamus and Dean.

"Asking out the firebird might not have been wise, but there are still girls left without dates, I'm sure," Seamus said. "Not that I can blame you for that. The arse on her."

Harry couldn't help but smirk at that as he ate breakfast. He hadn't been present for Ron's attempt to ask Fleur out, but it had apparently gone worse than expected. Whoever said 'the worst she can say is no,' apparently never asked out a woman out of his league.

"Yeah, there have to still be gi…" Ron trailed off, and Harry could practically see the lightbulb above his head. "Oi, Hermione, you're a girl."

"Bloody hell, now I want to know what exactly he said to Fleur," Harry thought to himself as he cringed.

"I am indeed," Hermione said coolly.

"Let's go together, the two of us," Ron said. "That way, neither of us will be alone."

"Oof," Harry thought to himself, "no one deepthroats their own foot quite like you, mate."

The two of them might not have been friends anymore, but Harry still felt bad for him as Hermione glared at him.

"If you must know, Ronald, I already have a date," she said.

"Oh, come off it; there's no need to be offended," Ron said. "We'll have a good time, I swear."

"Did you not hear me?" Hermione asked, starting to sound genuinely offended. "Someone already asked me to the ball, and I accepted. He already realized that I was a girl."

He saw Ron about to retort and piped up, saying, "Lay off, will you? She has a bloody date."

Ron's face reddened in an instant, and he hissed, "You're going with him?"

"What?" Harry asked.

"No, it isn't Harry," Hermione said.

"Who then?" Ron asked.

"Quite frankly, that's none of your business," Hermione said.

Ron just looked back and forth between the two of them and gathered his things, leaving in a huff.

"You know, Lav says Parvati doesn't have a date yet," Dean said.

"Really?" Seamus asked. Looking at Ron's retreating form, he asked, "You think Padma might need one too?"

"I'm sorry about that," Harry said. "I was trying to stop that from devolving into a lengthy argument."

"It's hardly your fault," Hermione sighed, shaking her head. "In all honesty, he and I have been drifting apart for a while. It turns out that you held us together even more than his appreciation for my help with studying."

"Do you want to head into Hogsmeade?" Harry asked. "We could just spend a few hours getting our minds off of things."

"Thank you, but no," Hermione said. "I have some work to get done and was just going to go to the library. You go on, though. Goodness knows you need a break from everything."

"Harry?" Luna asked, joining them.

"Hey, Luna," Harry said, standing up to greet her. "Hermione, this is Luna Lovegood, Luna, this is Hermione Granger, my best friend."

"Hello," Luna said. "It truly is remarkable how many of the wrackspurts in your head depart whenever Ronald leaves."

"What?" Hermione asked, nonplussed.

"Uh," Harry went to intercede.

"Wrackspurts, are tiny little invisible creatures that fly into people's heads and make their minds go fuzzy," Luna said. "You're getting more of them now."

"Was there something that you needed to talk about?" Harry asked, hoping to prevent Hermione from saying something inadvertently insulting.

"Yes, I can't help you train today," Luna said. "I'm shopping for a dress for the ball. What color robes will you be wearing? I've heard that we shouldn't clash."

"My robes are black," Harry replied.

"Perfect, then anything will do," Luna said, beaming. "I'm so looking forward to this."

"So am I," Harry said, smiling. "Bye, Luna."

"Bye," Luna said. "It was nice meeting you, Hermione."

She took off then, and Harry sat down, ignoring the smattering of looks he got from the other Gryffindors.

"So that's Luna," Hermione commented.

"She's really very nice," Harry said.

"She used to hang out with Ginny a lot back in the day," Fred mentioned.

"Poor thing hasn't been the same since she lost her mum," George added.

"And the wrackspurts?" Hermione asked.

"Shall I walk you to the library?" Harry asked, gathering his things.

"Such a gentleman," Hermione chuckled, joining him.

Once they were relatively alone, he said, "I think that, after her mother's death, her father began to tell her about all kinds of magical creatures as a sort of game to help her focus on something else. Wrackspurts are creatures that cause confusion, nargles steal the things you misplace, and things like that."

"But she knows that they're not real, right?" Hermione asked.

"I think she's gotten so used to talking about them that it doesn't really matter," Harry said. "It's like a language her and her father share, and I'd rather learn the tongue than try to argue with her about the existence of creatures whose existence is largely irrelevant. That's something that I'd ask you to join me in, if possible, because I actually quite like her."

"Enough to ask her to the ball, apparently," Hermione commented.

"She's a friend, for now," Harry said, remembering the previous day. "In a time when I felt like the walls were closing in and there were only two people in the entire world who believed in me, she extended basic kindness to me, despite the fact that we were strangers. She was more helpful to me than my bloody best mate, and I honestly don't know if I would have done as well in the task without her."

"Hey," Hermione said, grabbing his arm and turning him around so she could look up at him. "If she's important to you, then I'm happy to get to know her. Wow, how strong have you gotten?"

"I've been training a lot," Harry said.

"But it's been a few weeks?" Hermione said, furrowing her brow as she felt his arm. "This feels like months of work."

"Maybe wizards and witches develop faster because we heal faster," Harry said. "I've suffered enough life-threatening injuries to know that we have to be a little more durable than muggles."

"Perhaps," Hermione said. "Aside from quidditch players and duelists, few of us seem to even bother, so I wouldn't know."

"I'd ask Krum, but I suspect I'd get a monosyllabic reply," Harry said.

"His English isn't that good, but he's perfectly pleasant," Hermione said before she could stop herself.

"Krum?" Harry asked, his eyebrows shooting to his hairline. "Is he the guy that you're..."

"Please keep that to yourself," Hermione said. "He can't go with the woman he wants to take, and we've been getting to know each other in the library, so he asked me to go as a friend."

It was then that Harry recalled Fleur's belief about Krum's sexuality and realized that he might know more about him than Hermione did.

"So long as he isn't leading you on," Harry said.

"No, I'm perfectly aware of what I'm getting out of the evening," Hermione said, "and it isn't being someone's last minute option because he only just realized that I'm not a guy."

"Well, be sure to save a dance for me," Harry said, hugging her.

"Always," Hermione whispered. "I mean, yes, of course."

He pulled back from her and noticed her face had reddened.

"Are my muscles really that impressive?" he wondered to himself.

"I'll see you at supper," Hermione said quickly.

"See you there," Harry said, turning and heading towards the Room of Requirement.

*****

"Rias Gremory and Akeno Himejima," Harry said.

The familiar crimson summoning circle of the House of Gremory appeared before him, and both Rias and Akeno emerged from it a moment later.

"Harry," Rias said, rushing up and hugging him tightly.

"I missed you too," Harry chuckled, returning the hug eagerly.

"What about me?" Akeno asked breathily, hugging him from behind.

"D...definitely," Harry replied, suddenly unable to think of much other than the fact that he had two very large pairs of breasts pressed against him.

"Hmm, now you said something about needing dancing lessons?" Rias asked, grinning as she pulled back to look at him.

"Yes," Harry replied. "It's not something that my aunt and uncle would have ever imagined having me learn."

"Well, fortunately for you, I'm the heiress of a noble house," Rias said haughtily. "My mother made sure that formal dancing was drilled into my head from very early on."

"So it wasn't all learning to lob energy blasts?" Harry asked.

"No, that came later," Rias said. "You'd never guess if you saw him now, but apparently Sirzechs hated his dancing lessons as a boy. Mother used to compliment me often for taking to them more than he did."

"I never had any siblings growing up, so I can't really speak to that at all, but was it odd having a brother so much older than you?" Harry asked.

"It would be for humans, but that's incredibly common for devils," Rias replied. "Sirzechs was already a Satan by the time I was born, and his son, Millicas, is much closer in age to me, but again, it's incredibly rare for devil siblings to be at all close in age. Riser and his sister Ravel are the only two I know."

"I didn't know you had a nephew," Harry commented.

"He's an adorable little thing," Akeno cooed. "He has the Gremory hair and his mother's red eyes."

"Man, as the son of those two, he must already be a right terror," Harry commented.

"He can be rather timid, but he's still quite young," Rias said. "He's inherited the power of destruction, and I'm sure he'll be quite powerful when he's older. Now, this room is remarkably well suited for dancing."

"I based it on the ballroom in Buckingham Palace," Harry said.

"How suitably British," Akeno said.

"It's the only one I've ever seen on the tele, at least that I paid any attention to at all," Harry said.

"Alright, Akeno, if you could handle the music," Rias said.

"Will do," Akeno said, looking like she was concentrating rather intently. She cast a spell a moment later, and a slow and simple piece of music sounded throughout the room.

"Now," Rias said, waving her hands over herself and transforming her uniform into a stunning dark blue ballgown cut to display her large, creamy breasts perfectly, "come here. You're going to place a hand on my waist and take my hand with the other one."

Harry closed the distance between them and did as she instructed, staring down into her eyes. He recalled after he asked Rias for help that Professor McGonagall had offered to give dancing lessons to anyone who required them. As he held Rias close, he was quite glad that he had asked her instead.

"Alright, now just follow my lead," Rias said, taking a slow step back with her right foot.

He followed with his left, and she smiled, leading him back again and then turning and moving in a new direction. They were moving quite slowly, and the clumsiness that he feared, without any real reason, that he'd exhibit hadn't manifested yet.

"There, see?" Rias asked. "It's not that hard."

"Is this what your first time was like?" Akeno asked, grinning mischievously.

"You know exactly what our first time was like," Rias replied. "I didn't exactly skimp on the details."

"Do you two talk about everything like that?" Harry asked.

"Women talk, Harry," Akeno replied. "It wasn't until we met you that either of us had particularly salacious personal stories to share, but we're hardly unique."

"Speaking of salacious, what exactly happened with you and Luna?" Rias asked.

"After our training session, I asked her to create a shower, and she created something called an onsen instead because someone gave her the idea," Harry said, giving Akeno a look that made her laugh.

"The girl clearly wanted you to make a move, and I just gave her an idea that I figured would help," Akeno said shamelessly.

"Anyway, we were bathing, and I mentioned that I warned her bullies not to bother her again, and she hugged me," Harry said. "One thing led to another from there, and she ended up sort of jerking me off into her mouth."

"Hmm, we'll have to show her how to really go down on you," Rias purred, and Harry missed a step, narrowly avoiding her foot.

"Why are you willing to do that?" Harry asked. "I kind of got it with Akeno since you two were lovers before we met, but Luna?"

"She's cute and fun to be around, and I think she'd be even more fun in bed," Rias said, shrugging. "As I've said before, we're creatures of sin, and Luna has this innocent yet eagerly waiting to be corrupted thing going on that just really does it for me."

"I think she could end up being a woman with very few limits, which naturally appeals to me," Akeno said. "All in all, you might end up having all three of us in your bed soon enough."

"Will I survive?" Harry asked.

"I think you'll be up to the challenge, stud," Rias purred.

The tempo of the music changed, and Rias sped up, continuing to lead him around the ballroom and instructing as she went. He misstepped a few times as things got faster, but Rias was patient, and it wasn't like he could really hurt her anyway. He improved quickly, and after about half an hour, she switched with Akeno so that she could observe and give instructions from the sidelines.

"Hmm, they say if a man is a talented dancer, it's often a sign that he's a great lover," Akeno purred, puffing up her chest to draw his eyes to her substantial cleavage in her violet gown. "Apparently it works the other way around too."

"You've picked things up pretty quickly," Rias commented, ending the spell generating the music. "We can do this a few more times before the ball itself and make sure that your skills are up to snuff."

"Thank you," Harry said. "I seriously don't know how to repay you for all your help the past few weeks."

"Oh, I'm sure you can think of something," Akeno purred, leaning in and kissing deeply.

He returned the kiss hungrily, and the scene around them shifted from the richly decorated ballroom to the typical bedroom he had it conjure for them. He led her to the bed, and she moaned into his mouth as she fell back into it. He ground his hard length into her heated core, relishing the chance to return some of the teasing she'd subjected him to while they danced. Rias had been rather formal in her dance, while Akeno enjoyed taking the opportunity to rile him up, pressing herself up against him whenever she could and whispering in his ears about all the depraved things she wanted him to do to her.

Tearing open her dress, he buried his face between her massive breasts, cupping and kneading the mounds as he worshiped them with his lips and tongue.

"You brute," Akeno gasped, grinning from ear to ear.

"You can't say you didn't have that coming," Rias chuckled as she joined them on the bed. "You were turning me on as you danced with him, much less poor Harry here.

"'Poor Harry' knows that I'll happily make it up to him," Akeno giggled.

"You're right about that," Harry said, capturing one of her hard pink nipples between his lips.

"Ah, just like that," Akeno sighed.

Rias began sucking on her other nipple and reached down through her ruined dress to stroke her pussy, not at all surprised to find that she wasn't wearing panties.

"Oh fuck!" Akeno cried, wrapping her hands around their heads and spreading her legs wider as Rias began fingering her.

"Hmm, she's so wet already," Rias purred.

"Show me," Harry said, and Rias pulled her glistening fingers from Akeno's quim, bringing them to Harry's face.

He took her hand in his and brought her fingers to his lips, sucking them clean of the other woman's juices. The both of them shuddered, and Harry grinned, bringing Rias in for a searing, hot kiss. Akeno sat up and wrapped her arms around the pair of them, nibbling on Harry's earlobe in a way that made him groan.

"Enough," Rias gasped, stripping the three of them naked with a wave of her hand.

They collapsed on the bed together, a tangled mess of limbs, as they unleashed their passions. Akeno rolled Harry onto his back and ground her furnace of a pussy on his throbbing length. Rias cupped the brunette's breasts from behind and peppered her slender neck with kisses. Harry sat up and joined in, kissing the other side of her neck in time with Rias and drawing breathy moans from her gorgeous lips. She had a kind of manic lust in her purple eyes that he'd come to know meant that if he didn't fuck her soon, lightning would start sparking between her fingers.

"How are you this horny already?" Harry asked.

"I denied her last night," Rias giggled.

"After a successful hunt too," Akeno whined. "You know how fucking wet fighting makes me."

"Which made keeping you from cumming all night even more fun," Rias purred, reaching down to trace a finger through the other woman's sodden folds. "I knew that we'd be coming to see Harry anyway, and that he'd be more than up to the task of satisfying you."

Harry pulled her in and rolled them over until she was on her back. Grinning down at her, he took his cock in hand and rubbed the bulbous head through her fleshy nether lips.

"She's right, of course," he said, pushing forward and sinking slowly inside her.

"Oh fuck!" Akeno cried, throwing her head back as she was spread open by his invading member. "I will never get used to this cock!"

"It is amazing, isn't it?" Rias asked.

"Rias," Harry murmured as he buried the last of his cock inside Akeno. "There's something I've wanted to try since I learned you could fly."

"Oh?" Rias asked.

"I want you to fly up and wrap your legs around my head," Harry said.

"You want me to sit on your face in the air?" Rias asked, chuckling at the thought. "Why not?"

"You think you'll be able to maintain control when he makes you cum?" Akeno asked, sounding concerned.

"I've maintained control after being hit before," Rias reasoned. "This shouldn't be worse than that."

"So long as you're sure," Akeno said. "Now fuck me hard."

She wrapped her legs around his waist as he pulled most of his cock from her sweltering depths and thrust forward again. Well practiced by now, it took him hardly any time at all to work up to a steady rhythm, fucking her with deep, hard strokes. Rias' wings sprung from her back, and she floated up just a few feet above the bed until her slick cunt was right in front of his face. Licking his lips, Harry reached out towards her, sinking his fingers into the pliant cheeks of her incredible arse and pulling her forward until her thighs were on either side of his head.

"Mmm," Rias sighed, reaching out to thread her fingers through his thick black hair.

Once he was sure that she was stable, he returned his hands to Akeno's hips and picked up his pace slightly.

"Right there!" she cried as she scraped across her g-spot. "I must say, as much as I do love that handsome face of yours, I can't complain about the change of view."

He laughed against Rias' pussy at that and reached over to stroke Akeno's clit. As he fucked her harder, he realized that there was one downside to his idea: he couldn't watch her amazing tits jiggle and roll across his chest. Reaching forward, he cupped those wonderful mounds and gave her stiff nipples a quick pinch.

"Shit!" Akeno gasped, digging her fingers into the sheets on either side of her.

"Mmm, this was...oh...not a bad idea," Rias moaned, her thighs tightening around his head as he sucked gently on her clit.

Harry didn't disagree, enjoying the ability to drive both of them towards their peaks at the same time. As he felt Rias' thighs begin to quiver, he knew that she was getting close and decided to push her over the edge. Ghosting the tip of his tongue over her exposed clit, he smirked as she shuddered and cried out before pressing it more firmly against the sensitive nub.

"Cum," he hissed in parseltongue, and he was rewarded almost instantly by her scream.

"YES!" Rias shrieked at the top of her lungs as her climax consumed her.

Harry continued vibrating his tongue against her sensitive flesh, drawing out her pleasure as much as he could. He felt Akeno sit up and wrap her arms around his neck, holding Rias steady. He went still for a moment before continuing to fuck her in the new position. As Rias' second orgasm faded, he relented, and she fell back into Akeno's arms, a panting, quivering mess.

"Harry, I'm so close," Akeno begged. "Fuck me, please!"

Harry grinned down at her and picked up his pace, fucking her hard and fast. He changed his angle slightly, driving upward inside her a bit more. The new angle let him hit her g-spot more forcefully and slide up into the really deep spot that she adored.

"Right there!" Akeno cried.

"Ahh," Rias sighed, rolling onto his back and stretching her arms above her head. "I might not want to try it again, but that was fun.

"I enjoyed it," Harry said through gritted teeth as Akeno began to flutter around his length. "Fucking hell, you're tight."

"Harder!" Akeno screamed, her face turning red as she soared towards her peak. "Don't...ahh...don't stop!"

Stopping was the last thing that he wanted to do, both because he thought she might actually electrocute him if he tried and because she felt so bloody incredible. Rias reached down and began rubbing the other woman's clit while leaning in to kiss her pulse point.

"FUCK!" Akeno squealed, her back arching off of the bed as she came hard.

Harry felt her warm fluids soak his balls as she squirted and smirked down at her. Seeing them writhing in ecstasy like this and knowing that he had caused it filled him with a sort of pride he'd never known. These incredibly beautiful women, goddesses who could have anyone they pleased, had chosen to take him as a lover, and the idea that he could completely overwhelm them with pleasure made his very soul sing. Knowing that he'd be hard again in no time, if he even softened, he let go and came inside her, filling her to the brim with his thick white seed.

"Fucking hell...I adore you two," Harry panted as he caught himself on his forearms.

He kissed Akeno's neck, and the still-panting devil looked over at him with lidded eyes. Smiling widely, she kissed him softly, pouring every ounce of her affection into it. Considering how rough she usually liked him to be with her, he was surprised by her gentleness, but not at all unhappy.

"Mmm, I needed that," she sighed.

"I think you need a lot more," Harry whispered in her ear, making her shiver.

"Much more," Akeno purred, burying her fingers in his hair and teasing his scalp.

"We usually switch when he cums," Rias pointed out.

"Yes, but someone made sure I was as pent as possible today," Akeno said, narrowing her eyes at Rias. That effect was somewhat ruined by the way her lips tugged upward.

"I think you should make it up to her," Harry said, pulling his still-hard cock from Akeno's gaping pussy.

Rias looked down at the river of cum leaking from her and licked her lips, saying, "I suppose that I could do that"

"You say that I can't see the blatant hunger in your eyes," Akeno giggled, crooking a finger and beckoning Rias in further.

"Well, what can I say?" Rias asked rhetorically. "Harry's cum has become one of my favorite treats."

Harry felt his cock twitch at Rias' words and groaned as she crawled up to Akeno and buried her face between the other woman's thighs.

"Oh, yes!" Akeno cried, grabbing Rias' head as she began slurping his cum from her swollen pussy.

Harry crawled behind Rias and took his cock in hand, guiding it to her weeping slit and burying it inside her in one strong thrust. Her muffled shriek was held back by Akeno, who tightened her thighs around her head. He grabbed the gorgeous redhead's hips, digging his fingers into her skin in a way that would have left bruises on a human woman, and worked his way up to a hard, fast pace quickly. She was incredibly wet, and he knew exactly how she wanted to be fucked.

"Ahh!" Rias cried. "Just like that!"

"I could really get used to this," Harry thought to himself as he continued fucking her.

His life had been so chaotic and often unpleasant that he hadn't given much thought to the future before, but as he enjoyed yet another session of wanton debauchery with his demonic lovers, he found himself unable to stop. In his mind's eye, he beheld a vast, ornate bedchamber with a massive circular bed in its center. He couldn't tell how many beautiful women were there as he took in the sight of them engaging in an orgy with him and each other. He recognized Rias and Akeno and thought that a few of the others were vaguely familiar. One had hair much like Rias', while the others had an assortment of hair colors ranging from more typical blondes and brunettes to green, blue, and lavender. Wanton cries of soul-searing pleasure filled the air, as did the all-consuming scent of cunt. He reveled in it, reducing the woman he was mating to a quivering, mind-broken mess. He adored them all, and they adored him, the one who had freed them from the tedium of their normal lives and showed them the true meaning of sin.

"HARRY!" Rias shrieked, cumming hard around his pistoning cock.

Harry grunted and shook his head, clearing away the last vestiges of the bizarre fantasy. He couldn't fathom why in the world he would fantasize about anything while in bed with these two goddesses.

"Aw, Harry, you broke her," Akeno complained, though her grin took away any sense that she was really whining.

"Give...give me...a minute," Rias panted, her sweat-slicked form still twitching as she rested her head on her best friend's pillowy thigh.

"While she recovers, I can take over," Harry said, leaning in and giving Akeno's pussy a long, slow lick.

He switched to speaking parseltongue a second later, and the brunette squealed in pleasure, writhing on the bed as she came again. Harry smirked and backed off, pushing Rias' face back between their lover's thighs as he began fucking her into the bed again. He had no reason to let his mind wander to anyone but them, especially when he had a day's worth of pleasure to make up for.

*****

Hours later, Harry was finishing cleaning up with Rias, Akeno having already returned to Japan to go to sleep.

"And you were worrying about being able to handle us and Luna," Rias scoffed. "You get much better, and Akeno and I might need a third woman just to keep up with you."

"Is this normal?" Harry asked, furrowing his brow. "I mean, I learned pretty early on in our training sessions that I couldn't hope to take either of you in a fight, and yet…"

"It is odd that you can outlast us as you do, Rias admitted, "but I'm willing to chalk that up to natural talent."

"Just imagine what I'll be like when you can finally use one of your evil pieces on me," Harry rumbled, and Rias shivered at the thought.

"I guess I'm going to have no choice but to build a harem to satisfy your utterly bestial urges," she sighed dramatically, making him grin.

His odd fantasy from before came back to him, but he dismissed it.

"I hardly need a harem," Harry said, pulling her in and kissing her softly.

"It would be less for you and more to help me retain my ability to walk straight," Rias said.

Harry snorted at that and dismissed the shower. Drying himself off, he spelled on his clothes, and Rias walked him to the door.

"I'll be available late tomorrow," she said.

"I'll summon you when I can get away," Harry said, smiling at her.

He opened the door and kissed her.

"Good bye," he said.

As he walked out into the usually empty corridor, Rias rushed out after him and turned him around, pulling him in for another kiss.

"Good bye," she said.

He just smiled and watched her turn around and walk back into the room, his eyes darting, as they often did, to her magnificent arse.

*****

"...and so by killing sorcerer prince Achaemenes, Andros the Invincible made possible the victory of the Greeks," Krum finished.

"Wow," Hermione said. "I've never read about the magical aspects of the Greco-Persian Wars, and our history classes tend to focus more on goblin-related events."

"That is shame," Krum said.

"Andros is a sort of hero of yours?" Hermione asked.

"Da," Krum said. "His tale continues spread millenia later in Greece and more. He was man who let no one tell him what he could do. Lived life on his terms and his alone."

"Is that something that you feel you don't get to do?" Hermione asked.

"Da," Krum said, scowling. "Quidditch is first love, since I was boy, but fame, reporters, Karkaroff, these are trouble."

"Your headmaster?" Hermione asked.

"I am credit to Durmstrang," Krum said. Grinning, he added, "Most famous student not to start major war."

Despite herself, Hermione laughed at that.

"There are better students," Krum said, "but not as famous and not here."

"He didn't bring anyone along who might have been chosen over you?" Hermione asked.

She had thought it was odd that their star athlete would also be their most capable student, but she had dismissed that as her own prejudice, especially given that Cedric Diggory was also a major quidditch player.

"To win tournament as most famous student would add to profile of school," Krum said. "Karkaroff did not ask."

"Ah," Hermione said. "I'm sorry."

"Thank you," Krum said. "Sadly, I must go."

"I'll be back here tomorrow evening," Hermione said.

"I might come," Krum said. "Good bye, Hermyownee."

"Good bye, Viktor," Hermione said, smiling.

As he left, she thought back to what Harry had said earlier about her being led on. She was under no illusion about Viktor's regards for her, but she'd be lying if she said she didn't find him attractive. Beyond that, however, she was truly enjoying his company. Then her mind shifted to Harry's promise to dance with her at the ball, and she felt her face heat up. She might have found her new friend attractive, but that paled next to how handsome she thought Harry was, and he seemed to be growing rapidly hotter.

"Meeting Luna was an experience," she thought to herself.

She really didn't know what to make of the blonde who Harry had been spending so much time with. Their interaction was brief, and Hermione was still too focused on her irritation with Ron to really get much of a sense of her aside from her oddness. Harry liked her, though, and Hermione was likely going to have to at least tolerate her for now. She hoped that she'd come to see whatever he did, as that might make it easier to ignore the pang in her chest.

Thinking of her best friend reminded her of the map she'd taken to look at frequently ever since Harry entrusted it to her, and, making sure that no one was looking, she pulled it out.

"I solemnly swear that I am up to no good," Hermione said quietly, nearly managing to say the pass phrase without rolling her eyes.

The blank parchment was instantly filled with information, and as she took in the familiar sight of the live map of Hogwarts, she wished yet again that Sirius knew more about how they had managed to create such a wonder of magic. She could understand someone accidentally managing to create something while experimenting and never managing to replicate the results, but that didn't make it less disappointing.

"I swear, Professor Moody is the most antisocial person I've ever met," she thought to herself.

Every time she'd looked at the map so far, she had managed to find him between classes, and each time he'd been locked away in his office. It was odd, but no less odd than the man himself, so she didn't give it that much thought. His most frequent visitor was Barty Crouch, something she'd wondered about for a moment before recalling that, according to Sirius, Crouch was the one who had him shipped to Azkaban without trial. As an auror, she supposed that Professor Moody would have worked rather closely with the man in his role at the DMLE.

"No one looks out of place or is hanging out with people that they don't usually," Hermione thought to herself.

She had worked to learn as many names of the less sociable students as she could and checked them against the map. Not one had failed so far, but she hoped that someone would eventually. Solving the mystery of who put Harry's name in the goblet would go a long way towards figuring out what their next move might be, and that was something that she was desperate to do. No sooner did this thought of Harry pop into her head than his name appeared on the map.

"What's he doing all the way up on the seventh floor?" she wondered. A moment later, she spotted something that put a different question in her head. "Who's Rias Gremory?"
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Jul 9, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:RohanJ10, MyddynEmrys, ZealJD and 629 others
voivode_writer
Jul 9, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 7
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Jul 23, 2024
Add bookmark
#159
"Harry," Rias whimpered, her nails grazing her lover's scalp as he feasted upon her dripping wet pussy.

Harry let out a low, rumbling groan of pleasure, intoxicated by the taste of her, as he slowly dragged the flat of his tongue up through her fleshy nether lips to her throbbing clit yet again. He was being slow and deliberate with his licks and kisses, in no rush to make her cum. The two of them were enjoying a quiet morning to themselves, having holed up in the Room of Requirement last night to indulge their all-consuming desire for each other.

Today was the Yule Ball, and tonight would, if things went well, focus on Luna. Akeno would be there as well, and as much as Rias was looking forward to seeing how Harry handled all three of them, as well as getting to watch him deflower Luna, she was also eager to spend some time alone with him before that and insisted on getting a full night in his arms.

"Rias, fuck, you taste so good!" Harry exclaimed as he pushed his tongue deep inside her and made it vibrate for just a second.

"Harry!" Rias screamed, grabbing the sheets on either side of her at the sudden jolt of pleasure.

If she didn't know better, she would swear that he had sold his soul to one of the more unscrupulous devils in exchange for that ability. She knew that wasn't the case, that parseltongue was a rare yet perfectly natural ability found in some wizards and witches; but by the Underworld, it was too sinful for words.

"Please," Rias begged, sounding less like the powerful heiress that she ever had. "Please make me cum, I need it so badly!"

"Are you sure?" Harry asked, smirking as his emerald eyes peered right into hers. "You know the longer I draw this out, the harder you'll cum, Rias, and I could eat your pretty little pussy for hours and not have my fill."

"Hours," Rias thought to herself as her mind conjured up just such a scenario. Orgasm denial was more Akeno's thing, but she couldn't imagine just how intense the soul-searing pleasure would be if he tortured her for that long before giving her her release."

"We might have all day, but there are other things I'd like to spend it doing," Rias grinned. "Now be a good boy and make me CUM!"

He wrapped his lips around her clit and spoke that devilish tongue right against her pearl, making her squeal in ecstasy. The orgasm rocked through her entire body, with wave after wave of pleasure coursing through her from her core outward. Her thighs locked around his head, and she spasmed and convulsed under him as he continued to draw out the mind-melting orgasm. He reached up and cupped her jiggling tits, kneading the full mounds and adding to the sensations, making her mind go blank.

"Fuck," Rias sighed as he relented and her climax finally ended.

"Was that worth the little bit of teasing?" Harry asked, grinning down at her.

"Always," Rias replied, smiling widely at him.

He kissed her, entangling his tongue with hers and sharing the remaining traces of her fluids, only to grunt as she rolled him onto his back. Straddling him, she pulled back and smirked at the look of lust and desire on his face. Reaching down, she picked up his rock-hard cock and sank down onto it in one swift movement. She cried out in bliss and knew that she would never truly get used to the feeling of having him inside her. He felt so damn good and stretched her tight tunnel so well. She wasted no time at all in fucking him hard.

"Merlin, Rias," Harry groaned, leaning in towards her bouncing breasts and capturing one of her pebbled nipples between his lips.

"Oh, just like that!" Rias cried, wrapping her arms around his neck and holding him to her chest as she rode him.

Staring into his eyes and seeing the sheer affection and adoration in them, along with the desire, she felt her heart skip a beat. She knew that she had grown rather attached to Harry, quite a bit, in fact, but as he let go of her nipple and just looked up at her like she was most the precious thing in the world to him, she began to wonder if it might be more than that.

With a grunt, he flipped her onto her back and moved her legs up until they were resting on his shoulders. With a feral grin, he began fucking her with long, deep strokes, reaching all the way to one of her most sensitive spots each time he bottomed out inside her. She cried out in pleasure, feeling herself racing towards her peak already. There would be plenty of time later to consider her growing feeling, for the man who was doing his best to drive her insane just then. Right now, all she wanted to do was bask in the pleasure of his wonderful touch.

*****

Harry couldn't help but grin from ear-to-ear as he made his way to his dormitory. Seeing Rias never failed to put him in a good mood, and not just because of the sex. While it had obviously been her beauty that drew him in at first, he found himself increasingly fond of her in general. She was witty, insightful, and caring. For all her claims of being a creature of sin and selfishness, she was kind and good, and he knew that she actually cared about him for him and not what he was or what he represented. He had had so few people in his life that he could say that about, and he knew that he had come to rely on her a lot.

As much as he liked Luna, he honestly wished that he could have taken her to the ball, but he couldn't, and that was that. All he had to do was survive the tournament, however, and he was sure that there would be other balls he could take her to. He smiled as he realized that, for the first time in his life, he was actually thinking of the future in a meaningful way.

"I'm screwed," he heard Ron moan, and he rolled his eyes instinctively, wondering what exactly his former friend was whining about now.

The answer came quickly enough as he saw Ron, Seamus, and Dean, staring down at what had to be the most hideous set of dress robes ever designed. Frilly and maroon-colored, with an odd-looking collar, they were genuinely awful.

"They're not that bad?" Seamus tried to say, finding himself physically unable to get the words out without the upward inflection.

"Not that bad?" Ron asked incredulously. "Padma's going to take one look at me and be sick."

"They're not vomit-inducing," Dean snorted, "and Lavender might be able to help."

"With what? Setting them on fire?" Ron asked.

"No, you have Seamus here for that," Dean chuckled, earning a glare from his friend. "Lav's a genius with clothing charms and transfigurations. I'm sure she'll have some ideas."

"Yeah?" Ron asked, sounding relieved.

Harry had to admit that he wouldn't have thought of that. He wasn't close to Lavender Brown and wouldn't have even thought of getting clothing altered like that. He could only hope it worked, both because he hoped, despite everything, that Ron enjoyed his evening, and because he knew the boy would be insufferable if it didn't.

Making his way over to his trunk, he opened it up and pulled out his perfectly normal dress robes, taking them with him into the lavatory to get changed. His dormmates didn't even seem to notice him, something that they'd been pretty good at avoiding for a while now. He was more pleased by that than anything, preferring invisibility to being looked at with scorn, as he had been since his name came out of that bloody goblet. As he put on his dress robes, he noticed that they fit a little more tightly across his shoulders than they had before, a testament to how much he had changed since the summer, but it wasn't enough to look truly off, so he didn't mind at all.

He had never been particularly vain, in part because before Hermione fixed his glasses on the train before their first year, his vision had long been a little blurry, but as he looked in the mirror there, he couldn't help but think that he looked good. He knew that it had to be a mixture of frequent exercise and more natural changes, but he had grown a good bit over the last few weeks, and even his face had been altered a bit, becoming less round and more angular. If this was what training regularly, like he honestly should have been for years now, given the frequent danger he ended up in, did for him, then he was more than happy to continue.

He made his way downstairs, his wand securely kept in the wrist holster he'd had Dobby buy for him. Professor Moody's talk of constant vigilance was starting to sink in, especially with Rias and Akeno reinforcing the basic concept. He saw the Weasley twins standing in the common room, their eyes fixed on the stairwell that led to the Gryffindor girl's dorm, and they smiled as they saw him.

"If it isn't our illustrious champion," Fred enthused.

"Who's the lucky girl, Harry?" George asked.

"Luna Lovegood," Harry said. "I assume you two are going with Angelina and Alicia."

"Correct," Fred replied. "We'd seen you spending time with the lovely Miss Lovegood, but we didn't know you were dating."

"We're friends, for the most part," Harry said.

"Just seeing where things might go?" George asked.

"Something like that," Harry said. "We'll be meeting by the entrance to the great hall, so I'd best be off."

"I doubt you'll see her for a bit," George said. "Luna might be...unique, but she's still a girl, and they all take for bloody ever to get ready."

"You're probably right, but just in case," Harry said. "Have fun, you two, and try not to get yourselves transfigured into balls of yarn."

"We'll do our best," Fred laughed.

Harry smiled and made his way to the great hall, finding that only a few boys were waiting there already, presumably ones who also had dates in other houses. He had offered to meet Luna outside the Ravenclaw common room, but she insisted that she didn't mind meeting him here. He leaned back against one of the stone walls and waited. It didn't take all that long for people to start joining him, and soon enough, his date came walking down the long hallway, a serene smile on her face.

Harry grinned at her unique fashion sense, for while her pale blue dress, which showed off her thin figure without being even mildly scandalous, and matching flat shoes were perfectly normal, the rest of her ensemble was not. The red radish earrings she had on were decidedly not normal and clashed rather blatantly with her dress, as did the necklace of butterbeer corks she had on. Her long blonde hair was tied up in a loose bun that looked nice but was pinned together by her wand.

"You look beautiful, Luna," he said as she approached, making her smile grow wider.

"I'd say you do as well, but I know that boys can be quite touchy about their beauty," Luna replied, making him snort. Leaning in, she added, "Then again, you've been a man for some time now, haven't you?"

Harry froze for a second, surprised by the sudden, if very Luna-like flirting, but quickly recovered and said, "We generally prefer handsome, but I won't mind either way, at least from you."

"Handsome definitely works too," Luna said, looking him up and down. "How many girls have you promised dances to tonight?"

"Aside from you, just Hermione...and Fleur," Harry replied.

"Fleur Delacour?" Luna asked, her gray-blue eyes lighting up with excitement. "Oh, that's lovely. I didn't know you two had gotten to know each other."

"We've spoken a couple times," Harry replied, "and she, um, asked me to the ball."

"Why didn't you go with her?" Luna asked. "I know I would have."

Harry let that mental image overtake him for a moment before shaking his head and saying, "I had already asked you."

Luna beamed at him and hugged him tightly. He returned the hug, leaning in to bury his face in her hair and smelling her pleasant, vanilla-scented shampoo.

"It's a pity you couldn't have taken both of us," Luna whispered, rising onto her toes so that her mouth was just by his ear. "Think of how much fun that could have been."

Harry felt his cock stir and looked up to distract him from the mental image of taking both Luna and Fleur, only to freeze as he caught sight of Hermione coming his way.

"Oh wow," he murmured.

"Hmm?" Luna asked, looking up at him and then turning around to see what he was looking at. "Oh my, she looks gorgeous."

She really did as she walked towards them in her periwinkle dress. Like Luna's, it showed off her figure while still being rather conservative. It was cut slightly lower than Luna's dress, showing off a little of her breasts, and he forced himself to look back up at her face as she drew close. She had managed to tame her hair somehow, and it flowed in deep brown waves to her shoulders. He had already thought she was pretty, always had, actually, but this was the first time she had looked utterly beautiful to him, and it left him stunned.

*****

"Oh!" Lavender exclaimed as she finished. "You look fab, Hermione! Seriously, you're like a princess."

Hermione stood in front of the mirror in muted shock, almost unable to grasp that she was looking at herself. She never put that much stock in her appearance, generally having better things to concern herself with, and wasn't used to putting in this kind of effort. With the Yule Ball, however, and with the dress that she'd been unable to tear her eyes away from in the shop until the store clerk came over and asked if she wanted to try it on, she found herself wanting to look good and turned to Lavender for help. Somehow her dormmate managed to tame her dreadful hair and do her makeup in a way that enhanced her looks without making her look like a trollop.

"Th...thank you, Lavender," she said, feeling her eyes grow misty.

"Blink those away before they ruin the makeup," Lavender said, and Hermione laughed, blinking rapidly and fanning her eyes with her hands. "There's just one more thing you need to look perfect."

Before Hermione could ask what that was, Lavender reached into her trunk and pulled out a red sash. After taking her wand and turning it blue, she wrapped it around Hermione's waist, helping to show off her narrow waist more and make her modest breasts and slim hips stand out more.

"There," Lavender said. "That way, it'll show off your figure a bit more."

"Not something you need," Hermione commented, looking over Lavender's less conservative, cream-colored dress, which seemed to be designed to show off how buxom her dormmate was.

"No, the girls do that all on their own," Lavender giggled, palming her sizable breasts as she pulled her dress up a bit.

"I seriously don't know how to repay you," Hermione said, looking away from Lavender's substantial cleavage.

"There's no need," Lavender said. "Just being able to say that I did the hair and makeup of Viktor bloody Krum's date is enough. You are seriously so lucky. You really met him in the library?"

"Yes," Hermione replied, smiling. There was little point in keeping it a secret now.

"Maybe I should spend more time there," Lavender mused.

"I find it doesn't hurt," Hermione said.

"Lavender?" Parvati called out as she entered the dormroom.

"What's up?" Lavender asked.

"A fashion emergency," Parvati replied. "Oh wow, Hermione, you look amazing."

"Thank you," Hermione said. "So do you."

"Emergency?" Lavender asked, sounding confused, "Parv, you look gorgeous."

"It's...you'll know when you see him," Parvati said flatly.

"Well, duty calls, I guess," Lavender sighed. "I know I said that you didn't need to repay me, but I would not say no to a dance with that hunky date of yours."

"I'll talk to him," Hermione smiled, figuring that it was a small price to pay.

The two of them left her alone, and she looked in the mirror again, still partly unable to accept that she looked the way she did. After making sure that her wand was secured in the small bag she'd be carrying, she made her way downstairs, noticing Lavender frantically looking over the fashion emergency that turned out to be Ron. He was so focused on his own predicament that he didn't even notice her, and, realizing that he was in better hands than hers on this matter, she decided to leave him to Lavender.

As she walked towards the Great Hall, she experienced something that she couldn't recall experiencing before: she drew eyes. Be it girls looking at her in shock, boys looking in surprise and desire, or even the odd double take and ogle, she drew eyes and wasn't sure how she felt about it, that was until one man in particular looked at her. Green eyes that were far too pretty to belong to a boy, and which she could have picked out in a daze, widened as they took in the sight of her.

Harry looked so very handsome in his smart black dress robes, but she barely noticed that, being entirely too distracted by seeing something on his face that she had never seen before: attraction. She was sure that she saw desire in his gorgeous eyes as she approached him and felt her pulse spike as she drew close.

"Oh, Hermione, you look lovely," Luna said, and Hermione looked at her in surprise.

She hadn't noticed Harry's date just then, despite the girl standing right in front of him, but then again, she hadn't noticed any of the other people there either until the blonde broke her from her trance.

"Thank you, Luna," Hermione said, her brow furrowing as she noticed the younger girl's odd accessories. "You do as well. I love your dress."

"Harry, tell Hermione she's stunning," Luna said, and Harry blinked, shaking his head.

"Stunning," he said. "I mean, yes, Hermione, you look...wow."

"You look pretty wow yourself," Hermione squeaked, blushing.

"Hermyownee," Viktor called, and Hermione whipped around, seeing her date for the evening coming with the rest of the Durmstrang students, looking very nice in his red and black dress robes.

"Hermione," Harry corrected under his breath.

"I actually find the pronunciation charming," Hermione commented quietly. "Viktor, hello."

"You look great," Viktor said.

"Thank you," Hermione said. "You recall Harry, and this is his date, Luna Lovegood."

"Hello," Luna said.

"Hello," Viktor replied. Turning to Harry, he said, "Your solution to dragon simple but inspired. Protective charms must fail."

"I was surprised it worked, honestly," Harry said smoothly, "but I wasn't complaining."

"Harry, could I have a word?" Hermione asked. Turning to Viktor, she added, "I'll just be a moment."

"Of course," Viktor said as she and Harry walked off together.

"Is something wrong?" Harry asked quietly.

"I thought it might be a good idea for you to have this tonight," Hermione said, reaching into her bag and handing him the map.

"Why?" Harry asked.

"I doubt anyone would try anything here, but on the off chance that something feels a little off, having the ability to excuse yourself and subtly make sure that someone is who they say they are might be a good idea," Hermione explained. "Your robes are more voluminous than my dress, slightly, and you'll have an easier time concealing it while using it than I would."

"I guess," Harry said, stashing the parchment in one of his charm-expanded pockets. "Did you find anything out of the ordinary?"

"No," Hermione whispered. "I double checked everyone who seemed like a bit of a loner, either getting Viktor's or Ron's help, and everyone was who they said they were. The only strange bit was Professor Moody and Mr. Crouch."

"Oh?" Harry asked.

"I never once saw Professor Moody outside of his room here, and Mr. Crouch visited him, often multiple times a day," Hermione said. "I saw him during our classes, of course, but I just managed to keep missing him moving about."

"That is odd, but I haven't seen him about the castle all that much outside of classes and meals," Harry said. "That incident with Malfoy was honestly unique."

As if summoned, Malfoy appeared then with the rest of the Slytherin delegation, looking like a puffed-up peacock in his expensive-looking robes.

"It's just strange," Hermione said. "Anyway, we should get back; nearly everyone else seems to have arrived."

They returned to their dates, finding Viktor looking utterly perplexed as Luna spoke to him.

"I am not seeing this snorkack in Durmstrang," Viktor said just as they reached them, and Harry chuckled.

"That's alright," Luna said. "I figured it was worth checking."

Luna's dreamy gaze left Viktor for a moment and then returned to what had drawn her eye in the first place. Harry almost immediately found himself looking in the same direction as Fleur Delacour appeared on the arm of a dazed-looking Roger Davies.

"'Ello, 'Arry," she said as she reached them.

"Hello, Fleur," Harry said, trying not to stare at the form-fitting silver gown she was wearing. "This is my date, Luna."

"Hello, you look very pretty," Luna said.

"Zank you," Fleur laughed, looking her over. "You look lovely as well. Viktor, zis is?"

"Hermione Granger," Hermione replied.

"Enchante," Fleur said.

Cedric and Cho arrived soon after that, and Professor McGonagall quickly followed and ushered everyone in. Harry and Luna, along with the other champions and their dates, led the way and took their places at the high table, where the headmasters, Bagman, and oddly enough, Percy Weasley were already seated. Harry pulled out Luna's chair for her, which earned him a wide smile, and once he'd pushed her in, he sat next to her.

"What brings you here, Percy?" Harry couldn't help but ask.

"Mr. Crouch is feeling a touch under the weather, and, as his assistant, it fell to me to come in his stead," Percy replied, puffing up his chest in obvious pride.

"I hope he's alright," Luna said. "I like his funny mustache."

"I...er...I'm sure he'll be fine," Percy said, nonplussed

"Welcome all of you to what I hope will be a most memorable evening for us all," Professor Dumbledore said once everyone was seated. "The dance will begin once we've finished eating. Just say what you want, and it will appear. To demonstrate, roast beef and potatoes."

His dinner appeared before him, and he sat down as the hall filled with the sound of people ordering food.

Recalling what he'd had that day at the Gremory mansion, Harry said, "Beef Wellington."

When it appeared, he commented, "I honestly didn't think that would work."

"Zey likely 'ave a number of well-known French dishes available today, along with an assortment of Eastern European ones," Fleur said, staring down at her duck confit and looking genuinely impressed. "I'm surprised you are at all familiar with filet de boeuf en croute."

"I've had it before," Harry said.

"Could I try some of that?" Luna asked. "You can have some of my chicken."

"Sure, Luna," Harry replied.

The room quieted down as people ate. Whether because people were exceptionally hungry, or nervous about the dancing that would follow, it was somewhat less raucous than usual. It was still far from silent, however, and as Harry and Luna shared their meals and talked about how different the great hall looked, he heard Fleur informing her date about the superior nature of French cuisine. The lecture seemed rather lost on the already glassy-eyed-looking boy, who, it seemed, was not quite as resistant to Fleur's charms as he imagined she would have liked.

Once their meal was finished, Dumbledore waved his wand and cleared the tables to make room for the dancing to follow.

"Guess that's our cue," Harry said, looking over at Luna.

"I'm sure you'll do fine, Harry," Luna said. "I trust you."

"Thanks," Harry chuckled softly, taking her hand and leading her out onto the dance floor.

*****

Hermione took a deep, steadying breath as Viktor led her out for the opening dance. Feeling his hand press against her waist, she smiled and relaxed. The music began, and he led her in time with it, proving himself to be well-practiced from the start.

"Have you been to many dances like this?" Hermione asked.

"Da," Viktor replied. "Dance always enjoyment for me."

"Really?" Hermione asked. "I suppose a certain nimbleness on your feet translates into flying."

"A little," Viktor said.

Hermione couldn't say that she much enjoyed dancing while everyone watched them, and felt a bit stiff, but she managed to relax once the rest of the attendees had joined in. The music was pleasant, and the atmosphere was perfect. She had spent so much time worrying this year about Harry and the Tournament and her friendships with him and Ron. It was nice to be able to let that all go, even for a bit. Of course, as she caught sight of Harry dancing with a very happy-looking Luna, her thoughts returned to him and to one little mystery that she realized she had completely forgotten to inquire about.

"Viktor?" Hermione asked.

"Da?" Viktor replied.

"Is there anyone who goes to Durmstrang with the surname Gremory?" Hermione asked.

Viktor missed a step and barely avoided her foot. "Gremory? Where did you hear this name?"

Hermione furrowed her brow at his strange reaction, saying, "I overheard someone say it, and it stuck out. There's no one here by that name, so I figured they were referring to someone from either Durmstrang or Beauxbatons. I was just curious."

"You must mishear," Viktor said gruffly, "or I hope so, anyway."

"Why?" Hermione asked, growing increasingly concerned at his reaction to the name.

"Gremory is name of major demon family," Viktor said quietly.

"Wha...what?" Hermione asked.

"Is not thing Hogwarts would teach," Viktor said. "Even at Durmstrang, is pure theory. Anyone caught trying something practical is expel."

Hermione was sure that she grew even paler than normal as he spoke. Trying to stop him from asking any questions she truly couldn't answer, she quickly said, "I...I must have misheard them. The boy who said it was French, and might have had a cold. Maybe he said Gregory."

"That must be," Viktor said, seeming as eager as she was to drop the subject.

"Harry, what the hell have you done?" Hermione wondered to herself, wincing at the unintended pun.

*****

"...and so Mummy and Daddy were warned never to return to Australia again," Luna said.

"That…" Harry trailed off, realizing that the Lovegoods had been like that since long before Pandora's tragic death.

"It's a real shame too," Luna said, "since Daddy thinks that Blibbering Humdingers might be native to Australia."

"Well, surely you aren't banned from the country," Harry said.

"Mummy was pregnant with me at the time, so I'd have to check," Luna replied. "Oh, I don't think Fleur's having a very good time."

Harry looked over and saw that she was most likely correct. Fleur's date looked stoned, with glassy eyes that had gotten worse since dinner and a lumbering gait that suggested he was increasingly unable to pay attention to much at all. This likely also included the placement of his feet, and it seemed like just a matter of time until he stepped on hers'.

"Do you think her dress is charmed to make her breasts look that perky or that they actually are?" Luna asked, and Harry was glad he didn't have anything in his mouth to spit out.

"I…" he went to reply.

"Honestly, she looks like one of the women from the book," Luna commented, seemingly oblivious to his reaction. "Do you think Veela might be related to them?"

"Err, I don't know," Harry said, recovering. "You've read more of it than me, honestly. Are they mentioned at all?"

"No," Luna replied. "I think we ought to go help her. You want to give her the dance you promised? I could distract Roger for a while."

"If you're sure?" Harry said.

Luna just nodded, and off they went to rescue the unhappy Veela.

"Pardon me, Fleur, do you mind if I dance with Roger?" Luna asked.

"Be my guest," Fleur said flatly, allowing Luna to take her place just as the song ended.

"But…" Roger went to protest, his cloudy mind clearly up a little bit as he lost contact with Fleur.

"Have fun, you two," Harry said as Luna led him away.

"Zank you," Fleur said, sounding relieved. "'Is resistance to my allure seemed adequate when 'e asked me to ze ball, but Aphrodite's tits, 'e could not keep 'is wits once we touched."

"And here I thought it was just the dress," Harry said, feasting his eyes on how the silver satin clung to her generous curves before staring into her eyes. Her lips quirked upward in amusement, and he took her hand, saying, "I do believe I promised you a dance."

"Clearly, you are a man of your word," Fleur purred, stepping forward and grinning as his other hand reached her waist.

"Your self-control is much better," Fleur said. "I can practically taste your desire, and yet your eyes are sharp as ever."

"A compliment I've never received before," Harry chuckled, pointing to his glasses.

"You know what I mean," Fleur giggled.

"Is it difficult being in a room like this and feeling everyone's desires?" Harry asked.

"It can be tough, especially for younger Veela, but you get used to it eventually," Fleur replied. "We do not just feel other's desires for ourselves, zough, and knowing who everyone wants can be entertaining."

"I've never been one for gossip," Harry said. "More often than not, I'm the subject."

"Ze price of fame, I suppose," Fleur said, "and to endure zat fame over something as awful as what you are known for. It must be terrible."

"I grew up having no clue about any of it, or even magic, so it was one hell of a shock when I first arrived," Harry said.

"No clue about magic?" Fleur asked.

"I grew up with my muggle relatives," Harry said.

"And zey never told you at all about who you were or what 'appened to your parents?" Fleur asked.

"No," Harry replied. "I never would have learned at all without my Hogwarts letter coming."

"Mon dieu," Fleur swore. The two of them danced in silence for a moment after that, though she broke it by saying, "You are a surprisingly good dancer."

"Surprising?" Harry asked, sounding deeply amused.

"Well, I can only expect so much from an Englishman," Fleur teased, making him laugh. "Did you 'ave lessons as a boy?"

"Merlin, no," Harry chuckled. "I had a couple friends teach me when I learned about the ball."

"Zis is from just weeks of instruction?" Fleur asked. "Are you always zis much of a, 'ow you say, quick study?"

There was a breathy tone to her voice that made his cock swell in his pants, and he was about to reply when he heard the distinct sound of shouting coming from outside the great hall. If he and Fleur hadn't danced their way close to the entrance, he might not have heard it at all, but as it was, not only could he make out the sound, he was pretty sure that he recognized both voices.

"I'm sorry, Fleur, but I need to check on that," Harry said, reluctantly letting her go.

"Go ahead, 'Arry," Fleur said. "I would like to get some air anyway."

"Don't forget your warming charm," Harry grinned.

"You say zat like it is possible to exist in zis wretched climate without one," Fleur said snootily. "If we don't see each other again, good night, 'Arry."

"Good night, Fleur," Harry said, taking the hand still in his and pressing his lips to her knuckles.

Fleur gasped as he kissed her soft skin, her blue eyes turning a deep black for just a moment before she pulled away, looking shocked. Harry was about to ask what just happened when he heard Hermione's voice get louder and rushed off to investigate.

"...the ball with the bloody enemy!" Ron snarled.

"Enemy!?" Hermione hissed, sounding utterly incredulous. "It's a tournament, not a war, and the only contestant you've said two words to in your life, you haven't spoken to in months! Two words in any recognizable language, anyway."

Harry winced at the little dig at Ron about his attempt to ask Fleur to the ball. As he spotted them, he noticed that Lavender had indeed managed to help with Ron's robes, which looked rather normal compared to what he'd seen before. Alas, that didn't seem to have helped his former friend enjoy himself.

"Let's not pretend that you didn't want his autograph," Hermione continued.

"Yeah, and what does he want?" Ron asked, his voice venomous. "He's years older than us and a sodding Quidditch star. Why would he ask a random fourth-year girl to the ball?"

"Because unlike everyone else around here, I'm not utterly obsessed with that bloody game!" Hermione hissed. "Viktor isn't just a seeker; he's a thoughtful, intelligent, and charming man."

"I'm sure he's bloody charming," Ron said darkly. "Why can't you see that he's using you?"

"Using me?" Hermione asked.

"You're friends with one of his competitors," Ron explained, sounding like it was obvious. "Why the hell else would he ask you?"

"Maybe because, unlike some people I could mention, he realized from the start that I was a girl!" Hermione shrieked. "Why do you always need to ruin everything?!"

"Ron, that's enough," Harry said, deciding to interfere before the redhead managed to step any further into it.

"Stay out of this!" Ron snarled. "If you cared about anyone but yourself, you'd have warned her off that guy the second you found out about this!"

"I said that's enough!" Harry snarled as the rage and pain he'd been fighting down for weeks now at being abandoned by his supposed best mate bubbled to the surface. "Hermione's perfectly capable of taking care of herself, and Viktor Krum is no threat to her at any rate. You're just pissed that everyone around you is having a good time while you've insisted on sulking and feeling sorry for yourself."

"That's…" Ron went to say, his face turning as red as his hair.

"I'm past the point of thinking that you'll ever pull your head out of your arse where I'm concerned, but I'll be damned if I'm going to let you pull crap with her," Harry said. "Piss off!"

As he glared at Ron, Harry felt electric, as though charged with power. It was his magic he was feeling, he knew that, and he had felt like this before, but only in moments where his life was on the line. In his anger, driven by nearly two months of frustration with the boy in front of him, he let his magic, tinged with that raw emotion, suffuse his being and spread outward. Ron's red face paled back to normal and then further as he felt the aura of a much stronger wizard bare down on him.

"Fine!" he hissed after a moment, stalking off somewhere else.

Harry felt a petty sense of triumph overtake him at that. He had never been intimidating in his entire life, being too small and weak at the Dursleys' as a boy, and too lackadaisical in his studies to amount to anything that powerful before. He was stronger than he had ever been, though, and that fact filled him with a confidence that he knew he had lacked before. He wouldn't normally have enjoyed being able to scare off someone like that, but Ron had been such a colossal dickhead this year that he couldn't help but take a degree of pleasure in the encounter. As he shook his head, though, his focus turned to the reason that he had come out here at all, and he found her glaring at him.

"I'm sorry about him, Hermione," he said.

"About him?" Hermione asked, still sounding furious. "I guess I'm sorry too. Sorry that my friends both turned out to be utter blockheads!"

"What?" Harry asked, taken aback by her anger at him.

"I'm used to Ron's pigheadedness and his penchant for ruining things, but you?" Hermione asked, looking like she was on the verge of tears.

"Hermione, I wasn't about to let him talk to you like that," Harry said defensively.

"I'm not talking about that," Hermione hissed, stomping up to him. Leaning in, she whispered, "I'm talking about Rias Gremory."

Harry paled, taking a step back. "How…"

"The map," he thought to himself, realizing that there was no other way for her to know that name.

"Harry, do you have any idea how much trouble…" Hermione went to say.

"This is a conversation best had somewhere else," Luna said as she joined them, sounding unusually serious.

"You know?" Hermione asked, glaring at the blonde.

"The room would probably be a good idea," Luna said, ignoring her. "Fewer eyes and ears about."

"You're right," Harry said. "Hermione, I swear there's a good explanation for all of this. If you come with us, we talk about it."

"I can't wait to hear this," Hermione fumed.

Harry led the way as the three of them walked towards the moving staircases. One of them happened to be in position as they arrived, and he ushered Luna and Hermione on, only for Hermione to go still.

"Oh, for the love of...I left my bag back in the great hall," she groaned. "It has my wand in it…"

"I'll get it," Harry said as the staircase started moving. "Luna, lead her to the room, and I'll meet you two in a few."

Without waiting for either of them to say a word, he turned and left, racing towards the great hall. Hermione's bag was still by her seat, much to Harry's relief. After making sure that her wand was still inside, he stuffed it inside his mokeskin pouch and left, noticing that the festivities in general seemed to be dying down as the night grew late. By the time he returned to the staircases, he had just missed the most convenient one and cursed under his breath. Electing to take the longer route rather than wait, he pulled the Maurader's Map from his pocket and muttered the pass phrase. The map showed that most people had either already left the dance or were in the process of doing so, and he deliberately picked the least crowded route available as he made his way to the Seventh Floor.

It was testament to just how busy and tired he'd been lately that he didn't foresee potential problems with handing the map to Hermione. For the most part, his escapades with Rias and Akeno had been confined to the room, but there had been a couple moments where one or the other had stepped just outside the room to kiss him goodbye. Hermione must have just happened to be watching at one inopportune moment.

"I just have to get her to understand that devils can be good people too," he thought to himself. "The fact that she went to me instead of going straight to the professors like she did last year is a good sign."

The circumstances were quite different, and while he had been royally pissed at her for informing Professor McGonagall about the firebolt at the time, he had come to understand her reasoning once he cooled off. He didn't believe that she would intentionally screw him over in this case, but he had been reluctant to inform her at all for fear of how she'd react. He should have known that he couldn't keep it from her forever.

Shaking his head in frustration, he came to a corner and checked the map, seeing that Crouch was there and seemed to be heading in the direction of Professor Moody's office, where the man in question already was. He paid that no mind until he heard the distinctive sound of Moody's wooden leg hitting the tiles.

"What in the…" he thought to himself, carefully peeking his head around the corner.

Sure enough, although the map said that Bartemius Crouch was there, it was Professor Moody that Harry saw. As his heart raced in his chest, his mind flashed back to all the times he had seen the bizarre professor drink from that flask that he never seemed to be without. A chill went down his spine as he realized that the man could easily have drunk from it once an hour.

"That doesn't make any sense," Harry thought to himself. "Crouch and Moody were both in the room with the champions when that dickhead said that I was stuck in the bloody tournament. How many people on polyjuice are involved in this?"

He knew that he should go get Professor Dumbledore, explain his theory, and hope for the best, but he had had professors doubt him before. If he got proof, that would be different. Taking the man's flask would be all the proof he'd need. Snape could tell polyjuice at a whiff, and Dumbledore probably could as well. He himself would never forget the foul concoction. Crouch was also apparently unwell enough that Percy had to take over for him.

"Maybe he's really sick," Harry thought to himself. "Maybe Voldemort promised him a cure in exchange for his help. I can take on one sick man."

He might have had only a few weeks of training under his belt, but he knew that he was stronger than he'd been before, and that knowledge, along with his remaining high at finally telling off Ron, left him feeling confident. Resolved, he stashed the map in his pocket, cast a quick silencing spell on his shoes, and followed the false Moody, looking as nonchalant as he could. Moody didn't seem to notice as he continued walking towards his office, until he was within just a few feet of the door when he suddenly halted.

"Need something, Potter?" he asked without even turning around.

"Not really," Harry replied, realizing that he truly could see through the back of his head, as they'd suspected. "I got into an argument with Ron and just wanted to walk it off. Did you enjoy the ball?"

"Oh yeah, I love dances," Moody snarked, tapping his wooden leg with his walking stick.

"Did you lose the leg during the war?" Harry asked, wondering how he'd respond.

"Aye," Moody replied gruffly. "Evan Rosier managed to nick me with a withering curse that couldn't be undone. I'd have lost more than the leg if I hadn't quickly amputated it."

"What happened to Rosier?" Harry asked.

"His curse was a lucky last blow in a fight he'd already lost," Moody replied, smiling grimly. "Rosier was weak; he'd always been weak, and he died weak."

"Well, at least you got him. Expelliarmus!" he hissed the second his wand dropped into his hand.

Moody's wand flew into his hand, and his good eye widened in surprise. "What the hell are you playing at, Potter?"

"Accio flask!" Harry cast, pulling the flask into his hand as he pocketed Moody's wand. "Your only mistake was stealing the potion ingredients. Snape would blame me if he got a hangnail, so naturally he accused me of stealing the boomslang skin. I began to wonder if my name might not have been placed in the goblet by someone in disguise, and then I remembered just how often you drink from this flask."

Flicking open the lid, he smelled it and confirmed his suspicion as Moody burst into hysterical laughter.

"The great Albus Dumbledore couldn't see what was right under his crooked beak, and yet you managed it?" he cackled.

"Who are you?" Harry asked, wanting to hear it for himself as he pocketed the flask as well and kept his wand trained on the man.

"Moody really was the perfect target," Crouch sighed. "Madder than a rabid dog, not that I'm one to judge, he was the one person that no one would question odd behavior from. My master's brilliance truly knows no bounds."

"So you are working for Voldemort, then?" Harry asked.

"You dare speak the name?" Crouch hissed.

"It's an idiotic pseudonym thought up by a teenager, so yes," Harry snarked.

"The dark lord has made it clear that the pleasure of killing you will be his alone, Potter," Crouch said, "but that doesn't mean I can't have a little fun. Diffindo!"

Harry's eyes widened as Crouch sent a cutting charm right at his leg and jumped aside on instinct, only to nearly be hit with his disarming hex that he barely managed to get a shield up in time for.

"Failing to check for a second wand?" Crouch asked, grinning madly. "Looks like you haven't learned CONSTANT VIGILANCE!"

It was in that moment that Harry realized that intimidating Ron Weasley and taking on a full-fledged, probably very dangerous wizard were two different things.

Grimacing as he realized the extent of his fuck-up, Harry steadied himself and shouted, "Expeliariamus!"

Crouch cast a shield, effortlessly blocking the spell, but when Harry followed it up immediately with a reductor curse, it nearly shattered, earning an annoyed grunt from the older man. As the two of them began trading spells back and forth, it quickly became apparent that Crouch wasn't as sick as he'd appeared. Luckily for Harry, the hallways of Hogwarts weren't terribly narrow, so there was room for him to make use of his dodging practice.

The two of them each had advantages and disadvantages. Harry was quicker on his feet, having two of them, but lacked the true combat experience that his opponent clearly had. The number of combat spells he knew and could cast was also rather limited. Crouch, on the other hand, was slowed down by the crippled form he'd be stuck in until the polyjuice wore off, and, if the frustrated look on his face was any clue, he also really did need to hold back for fear of incurring his master's wrath.

"You're better than I'd have expected you to be, Potter," Crouch admitted as he sent a bone-breaker at Harry's right arm.

"Well, you know, some arsehole forced me into a dangerous tournament against my will, and I figured I'd better train," Harry quipped, dodging his spell and sending another reductor towards the man's wooden leg. He had been focusing on it and Moody's walking stick, knowing full well that if he could unbalance Crouch, it would give him the sort of edge he desperately needed.

"Train with who, I wonder?" Crouch commented. "Confringo!"

It was the most dangerous spell that he'd used yet, and, with the orange curse coming right at his head, Harry panicked and ducked, crying out in pain as he felt a cutting charm dig a deep gouge in his left side. Searing pain took his breath away, and he backed up as his blood spilled onto the tiles below. He sent conjured flames right at Crouch's face, which the man froze effortlessly. Crouch hit him with a jelly leg jinx, and Harry fell with a thud and a pained groan.

"You have some talent, but you're still greener than your eyes, boy," Crouch sneered, as he sent Harry's wand flying out his hand and down the hall. "My master is going to enjoy seeing you again."

"What's going on here?!" Dumbledore bellowed from far down the hall.

"Bloody portraits!" Crouch hissed, realizing how the old man had learned of the fight.

Harry took advantage of Crouch's momentary distraction and reached into the mokeskin pouch at his side, grabbing Hermione's bag and grasping the wand inside. It wouldn't work as well as his own for him, but he figured that it would be usable.

"He's not Professor Moody; he's polyjuiced!" Harry shouted. Aiming Hermione's wand at Moody's wooden leg, he hissed, "Reducto!"

As he moved to point his wand, his wound burned terribly, and it threw off his aim a touch. Distracted by Dumbledore and not expecting Harry to have a second wand, Crouch failed to block the spell, which blasted his walking stick to pieces. Hissing as he was left hobbled, Crouch sent a disarming charm at Harry, wrenching Hermione's wand out of his hand and sending it flying down the hall towards his own. He then transfigured one of the floor tiles next to Harry into a napkin and summoned it into his hand.

"As much as I'd love to stay and chat, Dumbledore, I need to fly. Avada Kedavra!" Crouch shouted.

The green curse flew towards Dumbledore, who conjured a wooden shield to take the impact, and once it shattered, sent the shards rocketing towards Crouch. Crouch ducked and, aiming at the ceiling above Harry, pointed and shouted, "Confringo!"

The ceiling exploded, sending debris raining on Harry, who tried to roll out of the way only to notice that it stayed hovering above him as Crouch slipped into his office. He continued rolling to the side, crying out as he pressed on his wound, as Dumbledore rushed over, only allowing the debris to fall once Harry was safely out of its way. As his headmaster tried to open the door, Harry dragged himself towards his wand, undoing the jelly-leg jinx once he had it back. Struggling to his feet, he limped over to the office, pausing at the blasted ruin of the door as he found Dumbledore staring out the window after the retreating Crouch.

"B...borrow my firebolt, Professor," Harry grunted. "You can catch him."

"It'll be too late for that, I'm afraid, Mr. Pott...Harry!" Dumbledore cried as Harry slid down the wall onto his arse, feeling suddenly woozy.

"C...could you close that window? I'm cold," Harry mumbled, reaching over to feel the gash in his ribs and seeing that his hand came away bloody. "Oh."

"You're going to be alright," Dumbledore said, casting a quick couple spells on him that cleared away the cold and wooziness, and levitating him up. "We're just going to need to get you to the hospital wing."

"Professor Moody!" Harry exclaimed.

"Alastor is, I suspect, not only alive, but stashed away somewhere in this room," Dumbledore said, moving with surprising speed for a man his age as he rushed Harry along. "I'll search for him once you're in Madam Pomfrey's care."

"Oh Merlin, Hermione," Harry grunted, remembering where he should have gone.

"Miss Granger will be informed of what's transpired," Dumbledore said, wandlessly summoning a pair of wands on the floor as he passed them, "as will Miss Lovegood if you like."

"Hermione's going to kill me," Harry muttered, though as soon as he said the words, he realized that he was mistaken. Hermione wasn't going to kill him; Rias and Akeno were.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:RohanJ10, MyddynEmrys, ZealJD and 645 others
voivode_writer
Jul 23, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 8
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Aug 6, 2024
Add bookmark
#180
"What's taking him so long?" Hermione muttered, tapping her foot on the floor just in front of the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy as she began to grow concerned.

"Something's wrong," Luna muttered.

"Normally, I'd agree, as Harry's not usually one to dawdle, but the castle's probably busy right now," Hermione replied.

"No, this is important to him; he'd do anything he could to reach us as quickly as possible," Luna fretted, running her fingers through her hair.

"Not important enough to tell me weeks ago," Hermione scowled.

"I suspect that he was worried about how you'd react," Luna said. "After the incident with the firebolt last year…"

"The two things hardly compare at all!" Hermione hissed. "He had, as far as anyone knew, a lunatic after his blood and received a random gift that could have sent him plummeting to his death at any moment. I had to make sure he was safe, even if he hated me for it, but I couldn't even begin to try to protect him here because he's done this to himself. Do you have any idea how much trouble he could…"

"This isn't the time!" Luna exclaimed, "and we can't blame this on the castle being crowded at this point."

She began pacing back and forth, while Hermione just stared at her in confusion. That confusion turned to shock as suddenly, a door appeared where nothing but a simple wall had been before.

"What in the world?" she asked as Luna yanked open the door and ran inside.

She followed, and she saw that the room in question looked perfectly ordinary. It was a little like the Gryffindor common room, yet decorated in the blue and bronze of Ravenclaw, with a few chairs and sofas scattered about and a large, ornate fireplace in the center of it.

"Is this the Ravenclaw common room?" Hermione asked, confused because she was sure that its entrance was on a lower floor.

"No, but it was the first thing that popped into my head," Luna replied before pulling out an ornate piece of paper. Holding it before her, she said, "Rias Gremory."

Hermione watched in muted shock and awe as a circle of crimson light appeared before them, filled with symbols that made it look like an ancient sigil from one of the fantasy books that she used to enjoy. It grew rapidly brighter, so much so that she had to close her eyes, and when she opened them again, a girl stood before them, with crimson hair and a figure that could make every woman she'd ever met envious.

"Luna?" Rias asked. "What's wrong?"

"I think Harry's in trouble," Luna whimpered.

"What!?" Rias exclaimed.

"He was supposed to meet us up here, but it's taking him forever, and I'm getting really worried," Luna said. Looking over at Hermione, as though she'd just remembered that she was there, the blonde added, "Oh, and this is Hermione Granger, Harry's best friend."

"You're a devil?" Hermione asked slowly, as though needing to sound out each word to make sure they were correct.

"We can discuss that when we're sure Harry's safe," Rias replied, her tone imperious and final. "How long have you been waiting for him?"

"About fifteen minutes," Luna replied. "He had to go back to the great hall and grab something, but even if all the other students were distracted by blibbering humdingers, he still should have been able to push through them by now."

"It is taking a while," Hermione admitted, no longer able to just excuse his lateness as a consequence of the castle's halls being full.

"Okay," Rias said, sounding worried, "just give me a moment. What do you mean you're in the hospital!?"

"What?" Hermione asked, wondering for a moment if she was the only sane one in the room.

"Rias has a spell connecting her to Harry, so they talk," Luna explained, staring at the redhead in fear.

"He's in the hospital wing!?" Hermione asked in alarm.

"Yes, I need to get down there," Rias said. "He said he was attacked by some man named Crouch, if that means anything to you?"

"He's a ministry official," Hermione said. "Is he alright?"

"He said he's fine, but…" Rias went to say.

"Oh Merlin, that could mean anything!" Hermione exclaimed.

"He said that your headmaster's with him," Rias said. "Dumbledore could probably see through any spell I used to cloak myself, but I need to see Harry."

"Hold on," Luna said. "There's something that I've wanted to try with the room for a while."

She stared at the far wall near the fireplace, and a door appeared there, which, when opened, led to what was clearly a dormroom.

"Is that…" Hermione went to ask.

"Harry's dorm!" Rias exclaimed, keeping her voice down.

"Wait, how do you know that?" Hermione asked. "And how in the world did you create a doorway into it?"

"Probably not the time," Rias replied.

"Grab Harry's cloak," Luna said. "With it and your own invisibility spells, you should hopefully remain hidden even from Dumbledore."

"It's probably the best chance I'm going to have," Rias replied, waving her hand over her body and rendering herself invisible.

She slipped through the doorway and made a beeline to Harry's trunk.

"She's been in there before?" Hermione asked.

"The first time that Harry summoned her was in here," Luna replied.

"Got it," Rias whispered as she returned to the Room of Requirement.

Luna closed the door, and it vanished as Rias reappeared before them.

"Alright, I'll turn myself invisible again before we go to the hospital wing," she said. "All three of us will fit under here by the look of it and it would probably be best for there to be someone he recognizes under here in case Dumbledore can sense our presence."

"It can fit three people comfortably enough," Hermione replied.

"Speaking from experience?" Rias asked.

"Yes," Hermione replied.

"This door should lead us there," Luna said as another door opened in the room, "but if we all pass through it, the room will close off."

"I can make my way back up here," Rias said, turning herself invisible again.

The three of them huddled close together as she wrapped the cloak around them and quickly opened the door, passing through it to find Harry lying in a hospital bed and speaking with Dumbledore and Madam Pomfrey.

*****

"What happened?!" Madam Pomfrey exclaimed the moment she saw a very pale Harry being levitated into the hospital wing by the headmaster.

"Mister Potter's been cut rather deeply," Dumbledore replied, depositing him carefully on one of the beds and turning him over so his wounded side was facing up. "I don't suspect that anything particularly dark was used, but he's lost a great deal of blood."

"Merlin," Pomfrey muttered. "Here, I thought the worst thing that would come of tonight was a few idiots needing hangover potions."

"I'm rarely that lucky, I'm afraid," Harry said, grimacing as she peeled his sliced dress robes away from his wound.

"That's a very nasty gash, Potter," Pomfrey said as she cast a series of diagnostic charms on him, "but I'm not detecting any dark magic, so it's unlikely to scar."

She summoned a couple vials of some purple concoction and handed them to him without saying a word. He uncorked the vials and downed them both, managing through sheer experience not to groan at how vile the potions were. The chill that had come over him in the aftermath of his short duel with Crouch had been greatly lessened by the spell that Dumbledore had cast on him, and the last vestiges of it vanished once he downed the potions. His side began to itch terribly as the healer worked, and he looked down to see the deep cut grow shallower and shallower until it finally vanished entirely.

"There," Pomfrey said. "You're very lucky to be alive, young man. If that spell had cut any deeper, or if the angle had been even slightly different, you very well might not have survived."

"For once, it wasn't luck," Harry grunted, rolling onto his back. "He wasn't trying to kill me."

"Who…" Pomfrey went to ask.

"I'll handle it from here, Poppy," Dumbledore interrupted her.

"As you will, Albus," Pomfrey sighed. "Take it easy for a couple days, Potter."

"It's the holidays, so that shouldn't be hard," Harry muttered.

As the healer turned to leave, Dumbledore cast a quick charm to ensure that no one outside the room could hear them and said, "I'm going to need an explanation."

"Out of curiosity, can we be punished for things we did in previous school years and got away with?" Harry asked.

"Unless we're talking about felonies, not usually," Dumbledore replied, his voice tinged with amusement.

"Is theft a felony?" Harry asked.

"I'll pretend I didn't hear you," Dumbledore said flatly. "Now, what's going on?"

"Back during the whole Chamber incident, Ron, Hermione, and I were convinced that Malfoy was the heir of Slytherin," Harry began. "In hindsight, it was stupid, and that preening peacock couldn't possibly have pulled off all of that, but we were young and figured that perhaps his father had been behind the first incident."

"That was a little before Lucius' time," Dumbledore commented, "though funny enough, he was involved the second time."

"Yes," Harry sighed. "We figured that the best way to investigate Malfoy would be to make him comfortable enough to speak openly, and Hermione got the idea to use polyjuice."

"In second year?" Dumbledore asked, his bushy brows shooting to his hairline. "Under any other circumstances, Severus would have been deeply impressed by that."

"Impressed is the last thing Snape would have been," Harry snorted, "considering that we used his ingredients to do it."

"Ah, and Professor Snape," Dumbledore said, nodding. "Was that what caused Miss Granger's odd transformation that year?"

"Yes, she thought that was Millicent Bulstrode's hair, but it turned out to belong to her cat," Harry replied, smiling at the memory.

"Minerva warned her about playing around with advanced transfiguration and made it clear that there would be consequences if it happened again," Dumbledore chuckled.

"Anyway, Sna...Professor Snape suspected us but couldn't prove it, and when boomslang skin started going missing this year, he suspected me," Harry continued. "When he accused me, I dismissed it and told him to call the aurors, but then I started to wonder if the person who entered me into the tournament might be disguised."

"Why did you not bring this to me?" Dumbledore asked.

"You're busy, and it was only the barest hint of a theory," Harry explained, "and it's for the best that I did keep it to myself and Hermione since the person I would have gone to would have been the famous ex-auror."

"Right," Dumbledore sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose.

"Eventually it occurred to me that Moody drank from that flask so often that it easily could have been once an hour, and I kind of went from there," Harry said.

"I'm sure the actual Alastor will be impressed by your deductive skills," Dumbledore said, "though less so by your attempted arrest. Why did you not come to me or any of the professors when you came to suspect him?"

"Because I didn't know anything for sure," Harry replied. "I disarmed him and grabbed the flask so that I could smell it for myself, figuring that if I was wrong, the real Moody would probably be more likely to commend me for what I did than condemn me."

"You...might actually be right about that," Dumbledore said. "I suspect that the actual Alastor would have been very impressed by a fourth-year student managing to disarm him."

"Sadly, Crouch had a second wand that I didn't check for and…" Harry said.

"Crouch?" Dumbledore asked, peering into his eyes in a way that looked like he was looking through them.

"I er…" Harry sputtered, wondering whether he wanted to disclose the existence of the map or not. "That's what the lunatic called himself, but it can't be true. We saw Moody and Crouch together multiple times."

"Oh, dear," Dumbledore sighed, stroking his beard. "Barty, what did you do?"

"Professor?" Harry asked.

"Baremius Crouch would never join Tom's ranks, not for anything," Dumbledore explained, "but the same could not be said of his son. Barty Crouch Junior was a brilliant student, one of the most gifted of his generation, but he was also deeply troubled. He joined the Death Eaters without hesitation during the war and quickly became one of Tom's most dangerous followers, though we didn't learn that until after his defeat. He supposedly died some years ago in Azkaban."

"Well, it wouldn't be the first time a dead man came back to haunt us," Harry muttered, "and not in the ghostly sense."

"What you did was foolish, Harry," Dumbledore said reproachfully. "Had I not been alerted in time, you might very well have been abducted and taken by whoever was wearing Alastor's face to wherever his master is hiding."

"I know," Harry whispered, looking down.

"Taking house points seems rather trivial after a night like this," Dumbledore sighed, "and detentions would only impact your ability to prepare for the next task, so I will let you go this time with this simple warning: the next time you suspect that there is a great danger inside the school, you are to bring it to myself or another member of the staff. I will not be so lenient if you pull another stunt like this."

"Understood, sir," Harry said, feeling deeply embarrassed.

Placing his hand on Harry's shoulder, Dumbledore said, "Rest up for tonight. I need to go find the real Alastor."

"I hope he's okay," Harry sighed.

"He is almost certainly alive," Dumbledore assured him. "Staying on polyjuice a for year would require a great deal of hair, and keeping a live source would make that much easier. Good night, Harry."

"Night, Professor," Harry replied, "and I'm sorry about all this."

Dumbledore just nodded and walked away, leaving Harry alone to deal with the enormity of his failure.

"I felt so stupidly confident," he thought to himself. "What in the world was I…"

His self-pity was interrupted by the sudden appearance of a sad-looking Luna, and an angry-looking Hermione as his cloak was pulled off of them. He stared, his eyes growing wide as he wondered who had taken off the cloak. That question was answered a moment later when a furious-looking Rias revealed herself.

SLAP

The crack across his cheek rang out through the empty hospital wing, and Harry lay there for a moment, stunned by the fact that she had slapped him.

"What is wrong with you?" Rias hissed.

"Rias…" Luna went to say.

"You could have died!" Hermione hissed.

Harry just stared at them both for a moment, rubbing his reddening cheek before murmuring, "I see you two have met."

Twin enraged outbursts were his response, and Harry prepared himself to being screamed at as a couple beams of pleasant yellow light shot from Luna's wand and hit both Rias and Hermione.

"I get what Harry did was poorly thought out, and I'm sure he does too, but we don't want to wake Madam Pomfrey," the blonde said, staring at the door to the healer's private room.

"You have a point," Rias said, unable to keep the smile off of her face until she managed to destroy the cheering charm.

"I do," Harry grumbled. "I was feeling overconfident and thought for sure that I could take what I assumed was one sick man. Instead, it turned out to be his son and I was really not prepared for that fight."

"We haven't even gotten to true combat yet," Rias hissed.

"Comba...you're the one he's been training with!" Hermione exclaimed.

"Myself and my queen," Rias replied, glaring at Harry. "We were supposed to get him ready for anything that the tournament might throw at him. I didn't anticipate him seeking out additional danger."

"I'm sorry, okay?" Harry groaned. "I should have gone to Dumbledore with what I suspected."

"You should have summoned me," Rias countered. "I could have slipped into his office, taken him down, freed the poor man he's been apparently keeping captive, and then Akeno and I could have found out everything he knew about Voldemort's plan."

"I…" Harry trailed off, realizing how stupid he was for not even considering that.

"At least you're alright," Luna said, sitting on the bed next to him and running her nails through his hair, making him shiver.

Looking over at Hermione, Harry could see the hurt in her eyes and knew that it wasn't because he was in the hospital wing.

"I guess I owe you an explanation," he murmured.

"You do realize that I would never have turned you in for this, right?" Hermione asked, glaring at Rias for a second. "I would have called you out and begged you to reconsider doing something this dangerous, not to mention illegal, but I would never have gotten you into trouble over it."

"I know, but I knew you wouldn't have approved, and I didn't need what I knew would likely become a recurring argument with you while I was dealing with the tournament," Harry said. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you, though."

"For the record, I'm no danger to Harry," Rias said. "I'm far from the greatest danger to him in his room."

"Yes, Madam Pomfrey's potions could all be very hazardous i used wrongly," Luna said sagely.

Harry might have accepted that explanation of what his still-angry lover meant if she hadn't glared at him as she said the word danger.

"And what about the cost?!" Hermione exclaimed, tearing up. "Harry, I know you were terrified about the tournament, especially after learning about the dragons, but what did you end up having to pay for her help in it?"

"He had to take her virginity," Luna replied before Harry or Rias could.

Hermione went still as a statue, not even blinking as her mighty brain failed to process that simple yet insane statement.

"What?" she finally asked after a moment of looking like she wasn't even breathing.

"My parents were in the process of engaging me to a complete asshole," Rias explained. "I needed to be a virgin for the contract, and, in exchange for my help with the tournament, Harry was more than up to the task of relieving me of that burden."

Hermione just blinked and sat down at the foot of his bed as though on autopilot.

"I don't think I've ever had more questions in my entire life," she said, her voice utterly monotone.

"Uh, Hermione?" Harry asked, sounding concerned.

Before anyone could say anything, the sound of a very angry man hobbling towards them began to echo down the hallway.

"Hide!" Luna hissed, throwing the invisibility cloak over Rias, who turned herself invisible as he draped over her.

"I swear, Albus, when I get my hands on Crouch…" Moody snarled as Dumbledore helped him hobble forward.

"Which one?" Harry asked, hoping to distract both men away from where Rias had stood.

"Either!" Moody growled. "I hear that I have you to thank for my rescue, Potter."

"Oh, you're welcome," Harry replied.

"I didn't say thank you," Moody hissed as Dumbledore helped him into the bed next to Harry's. "Disarming a man and not checking for a second wand? That's sloppy work, that is. If you remember just one lesson from what I'll be teaching you after the break, remember to practice CONSTANT VIGILANCE! In my day, you didn't consider a suspect disarmed until you had his wand, made sure he didn't have any others, had his limbs bound behind him, and had him hanging by them from a tree. Of course, then old Bagnold said that that was unnecessarily brutal, as if shoulders can't be put back in sockets!"

"What in the world is going on in here?!" Madam Pomfrey fumed as she stormed in from her room.

"Ah, hi Poppy, you're looking well," Moody said.

"Alastor's been through an ordeal that I'll be discussing at the quick staff meeting tomorrow," Dumbledore replied.

"On Christmas?" Pomfrey asked. "Must have been some ordeal."

"Please check him over," Dumbledore said, giving her an apologetic look. "As for you two, Miss Granger, Miss Lovegood, I'm going to excuse your being out of bounds past curfew, given the circumstances, but I think Mister Potter could use some rest."

"We'll be going," Luna said, taking Hermione's hand.

"Huh?" Hermione asked, her eyes widening as she realized that they weren't alone. "Oh right, sorry."

"Oh, Hermione?" Harry asked, reaching into his mokeskin pouch, "I have your bag and your wand."

"Thank you," Hermione said listlessly, taking her things and leaving with Luna.

Harry watched the two of them go, knowing that they were very likely trailed by Rias, and sighed, hoping that no further trouble came of this awful night.

*****

"I'm going back up to the Room of Requirement," Luna said. "Do you want to join me?"

"Okay," Hermione said, still processing everything she'd learned that night.

"Well, it's safe to say that this cloak works well," Rias murmured from behind them. "It's exceptionally powerful and feels very old."

"Really?" Luna asked, perking up.

"Look, just promise me that you're not going to hurt him," Hermione said.

"I won't," Rias promised. "I can tell that you really care about him, Hermione, so know that we have at least one thing in common. Even as pissed at him as I still am, I've come to really like Harry."

"Okay," Hermione said, staring blankly out in front of her.

The three of them quietly reached the Room quickly enough, and Luna created a simple bedroom that they entered.

"Alright, well, I'm off," Rias said, handing Luna the cloak. "I'm sorry tonight didn't go as you hoped, Luna."

"There will be other nights," Luna replied, hugging Rias. "Try not to stay mad at him for too long. Harry's a man, and like all men, he's infested with mablewumps, tiny little creatures that move their thinking power down to their penises from time to time. They can do all kinds of silly things because of that."

Rias snorted and returned the hug. "Good night, Luna. I wish we'd met under better circumstances, Hermione."

"Like Luna said, there will be other nights," Hermione said flatly, staring into the fireplace.

"I'll talk to her," Luna whispered.

Rias nodded and teleported out of there.

"Do you want to talk about it?" Luna asked.

"No," Hermione said, turning towards the door. "I should really…"

Luna cut her off with a hug, pulling the slightly taller girl towards her tightly.

"It'll be okay," she whispered, running her fingers through Hermione's unusually tamed hair.

"Of course it will," Hermione said as tears began to stream down her cheeks. "Why...why wouldn't it be?"

She clung to Luna, sobbing her eyes out as she finally let herself feel the pain that she'd been bottling since the blonde told her what Rias' price was. She had been worried that the annoyingly beautiful devil had claimed his soul and had been preparing to spend the rest of her life looking for a way to save him if she needed to. The idea that her price might be sex never would have even occurred to her, and though she knew it was completely illogical, that felt even worse.

Hermione didn't know how long she spent crying on Luna's shoulder as the quirky blonde rubbed her back, but she did know that when it finally subsided, she felt thoroughly embarrassed.

"I'm so sorry," she muttered.

"Don't be," Luna replied, smiling serenely. "We all need a good cry now and then."

"Then why don't I feel better?" Hermione asked sullenly.

"Because you're convinced that you've lost something," Luna replied, "but you really haven't. Harry adores you, and no other girl in his life will ever change that, no matter how big her breasts are."

"I'm that transparent, huh?" Hermione asked, wiping her eyes.

"Perfectly opaque, actually," Luna replied, and Hermione laughed at the dumb joke despite her mood, before realizing that she was serious.

"What is this room, by the way?" Hermione asked, changing the subject. "In all the excitement tonight, I forgot to ask."

"The Room of Requirement," Luna replied. "If you walk back and forth in front of the blank wall where the door appears, picturing what you want the room to be, it turns into what you imagine, including a secret passageway into any room in Hogwarts, apparently."

"It must have some limits," Hermione insisted, even as her mind ran wild with possibilities.

"It can't conjure real food, of course," Luna replied, "and I'm sure there are others."

"This is incredible," Hermione said. "You can use it to return to your dorm. The entrance to my common room isn't far from here."

"Oh, I'm not going to return to the dorm tonight," Luna said. "I was planning to stay here anyway, and even though that plan fell through, I can still enjoy this large, comfy bed."

"What plan was that?" Hermione asked.

"I was going to have Harry take my virginity," Luna replied casually, sounding like she was discussing the weather.

"What?!" Hermione exclaimed.

"Oh, Rias is really into sharing, I should have mentioned that part first," Luna said.

"Sh...sharing?" Hermione asked, completely stunned.

"Mmhmm," Luna replied. "I planned to end the night of the ball by having Harry ruin me for all other men with his exceedingly large penis and then thank Rias for letting him do it however she liked, but then he went and got himself hurt like a big dummy, and now here we are."

Hermione just blinked at the blonde, wishing that she could go back to six hours ago, when the world made sense.

"I could tell you all about the last few weeks with Harry, Rias, and Akeno, the girl Rias is currently sharing him with, if you like," Luna offered. "We could even make a girl's night and paint each other's toenails. I know the room can create nail polish."

Hermione sighed.

*****

Harry woke with a groan and reached out to the table next to his bed, searching for his glasses. He found them quickly enough, and with them was a note, which he read as soon as he could see.

Should you wake up before me, you're free to go, Mr. Potter.

Madam Pomfrey

"That was nice of her," he thought to himself as he spotted Moody sleeping in the bed next to his. "I guess he really will be Professor Moody if his comment about teaching us is to be believed."

Getting out of bed, he repaired the tear in his robes that newly healed skin could be seen through, and made his way out into the still-empty hallway, intending to go to the Gryffindor common room.

Only to feel a hand grab him by the shoulder and pull him backward through a deep, dark void. Before he could even scream, he found himself in the middle of a laboratory, being peered at by an intrigued-looking Ajuka.

"Where am I?" Harry asked.

"Agreas, my home," Ajuka replied.

"I'm in the Underworld?" Harry asked, incredulously. "How? I thought Hogwarts' wards were incredibly annoying, and even Grayfia had trouble getting through them."

"On the whole, wards that old and powerful will give most devils trouble, but not ones on my level," Ajuka replied. "I summoned you here because I've finally figured out your little problem, or rather, I've finally run out of other possibilities and forced myself to accept the answer."

"Really, what is it?" Harry asked.

"One moment," Ajuka replied. "I'm waiting for Rias to come."

Pretty much as he said that, a ritual circle opened, and Rias, along with Akeno, appeared. The dark-haired beauty had clearly been told about his little misadventure the night before because she was glaring at him, her purple eyes laced with rage, and Harry gulped at the sight.

"Lord Ajuka," Rias said. "I hope you don't mind me bringing my queen."

"The priestess of thunder can stay," Ajuka said. "Please, sit down, all of you."

With that, he snapped his fingers, and three chairs flew into place ahead of a white board, on which were written a number of things Harry couldn't make out.

"When you first brought this little conundrum to me, it intrigued me utterly," Ajuka said once they'd sat down. "In all the centuries since I first invented the evil pieces, they have never been outright rejected before. There have been cases where a piece wasn't strong enough to turn a particular person into a devil and a greater one was needed, or where multiple pieces of a given type were needed, or even cases where the pieces had to mutate to work, but never one where they were just tossed out like that. It was strange, and though I immediately had a few theories that could explain it, none of them really made sense."

"That's what you said the last time we spoke," Rias commented. "I got the sense that you had come up with a probable theory, but one that seemed terribly unlikely."

"Stupid is the word," Ajuka sighed, rolling his eyes. "The only thing that explained the way in which the pieces failed was so mind-bendingly stupid that I didn't think it could possibly be true. I continued to investigate, ruling out possibility after possibility until, finally, all I had left was that single stupid answer."

"Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever's left, no matter how improbable, is your answer," Harry said. When all three of them turned to look at him, he looked sheepish and added, "Sherlock Holmes."

"Well, it certainly worked out like that in this case," Ajuka sighed. "When Tom Riddle tried to kill you all those years ago, he made a fatal error. He unwittingly struck a bargain with one of your parents to take their life and spare yours and…"

"It was my mother," Harry said, interrupting him. At Ajuka's glare, he explained, "In the presence of dementors, I flash back to that night and hear her pleading with him to…"

Despite herself, Rias placed a hand on his thigh.

"I'm sorry, Potter," Ajuka said, expressing the closest thing to emotion he'd ever heard from the terrifyingly powerful devil. "Your mother sacrificed herself to power a ritual that Riddle didn't realize he'd become a part of. When he tried to kill you, he violated an agreement that he didn't know he had entered into, and the magic rebounded on him, destroying his body. He survived, however, because he had created something that I haven't encountered in centuries, a horcrux."

"A what?" Akeno asked.

"When the first devils rebelled against the Tyrant, they directed much of their ire upon the humans, his favorite toys," Ajuka said. "It became a game of sorts to corrupt them and, if possible, convince them to sign away their souls, to take them from him. The practice ended for most devils after the civil war, but it was standard practice among us for millenia. Even the humans who could be tempted into giving up their souls were reluctant, and eventually one crafty magician figured out that through an act of cold-blooded murder and a particular ritual, he could sever a piece of his soul and place it in an object to use as a bargaining chip instead."

"That's horrible," Harry said.

"It was also pointless," Ajuka chuckled. "Through damaging his soul in that way, he ruined what the Tyrant had given him, and so, from the point of view of the devils, nothing had changed. It wasn't about collecting souls so much as taking them away from him, and so many among us were happy to let magicians, who weren't as clever as they thought they were, ruin themselves. Eventually, however, one of the magicians figured out that instead of handing the horcrux over to bargain with us, he could keep it and so ensure that he could not die."

"He became immortal?" Rias asked, fascinated.

"In a way," Ajuka said. "If a piece of a soul is still tethered to the earth, the rest of it cannot move on, and so, even in the event of their death, the magician can live, at least until the horcrux is either destroyed or removed from the earth."

"That's how he survived that night," Harry said, going pale. "I'm going to need to find and destroy the horcrux."

"If my theory's correct, he created more than one," Ajuka replied, making Harry pale further.

"Is that possible?" Rias asked.

"Theoretically," Ajuka replied. "When Riddle was destroyed, his soul had to be rather fragile, because even if he intended to create another one that night, it still shouldn't have resulted in what I suspect it did. A rogue piece of his soul was torn off of the whole and latched onto the nearest living thing in reach."

"My…" Harry said, his hand going to his scar as he felt horror creep into him.

"Yes," Ajuka said. "I think there is a piece of him inside your scar. That's what didn't make any sense; that's what was so stupid that I couldn't imagine it being the answer to our problem, even if it would theoretically explain the odd reaction of the evil pieces. An evil piece enters into and transmogrifies the soul of the being it's been placed in, into that of a devil. The physical transformation then follows. What the horcrux in your scar is doing is shielding you from that effect, taking the evil piece into itself."

"But the piece can't do anything with a mere fraction of a soul," Rias finished, looking over at Harry in terror. "We can fix this, right?"

"Oh yes," Ajuka said dismissively.

"Really?" Harry asked, latching onto that hope desperately.

"You said that the horcrux had to be either destroyed or removed from the earth for the person who made it to die," Akeno said. "Why did Harry being brought here the first time not fix things?

"Removing the horcrux from the Earth doesn't destroy it; it merely separates it from the whole and removes its tethering qualities," Ajuka replied. "The first magicians to figure this out still died properly. A portion of their souls just remained in the underworld, ensuring that they themselves remained in a state of limbo. They still couldn't return to life, however. I don't know what effect removing the horcrux from the Earth and returning it to it before the magician died would have, as I don't think that's ever happened."

"So, how do we destroy this thing?" Harry asked, still deeply disturbed by the idea of having a piece of Voldemort inside his head.

"A whole soul is the one thing that the power of destruction cannot destroy," Ajuka replied. With a devilish grin, he added, "A fragment of a soul, on the other hand, is a different matter."

"So Sirzechs can destroy it," Rias said, sounding relieved.

"He can, I'm sure," Ajuka replied, "but he's never done it before, and destroying it without harming Harry is going to be tricky. Luckily, though neither of us have any of them lying about, we do have a way to find a number of other horcruxes for him to practice on."

"You're going to interrogate the fragment inside Harry!" Akeno exclaimed, sounding excited.

"Is that even possible?" Rias asked. "Do the fragments retain sentience?"

"Oh no," Harry groaned as her question made him realize something. "I've already encountered one of them."

"The diary you mentioned," Ajuka nodded. "That was what initially made me suspect this, but I dismissed it because placing a piece of yourself inside another living being is a terrible idea in itself; placing said piece in your enemy is one of the most idiotic things I've ever heard of, and it took me a while to figure out how someone could do that unintentionally."

"So, how do we do this?" Harry asked. "The sooner I can get rid of this thing, the better."

"To commune with the soul fragment in your scar, I'm going to need to place you in a very, very deep trance," Ajuka replied. "I need to put not just your mind but your soul to sleep, so that the piece of Riddle will be able to rise to the surface."

"Is that safe?" Harry asked. "Voldemort is incredibly dangerous."

"So am I, Potter," Ajuka grinned, "and you will be very well restrained."

"So long as it isn't Moody's idea of restraint," Harry thought to himself.

"How do we put him in that trance?" Rias asked.

"There are a few parts to it, but the first involves a potion that I'm lacking a key ingredient for," Ajuka said. "While I set up the other parts, I'm going to need someone to go meet with a supplier of mine on Earth, and I want you three to take care of it."

"Just give me the name and address," Rias said.

"His name is Matteo Cadorna," Ajuka replied, "and as for his address, that part's difficult. He moves around the city of Catanzaro often. I can give you the last address of his I had as well as the packaging he wrapped the last thing I bought from him with. That should be enough to track him down, but it will be annoying. The difficulty is why I'm not just going over myself. I remain quite busy after all."

"Alright," Rias said. "Leave it with us."

"Hand him this," Ajuka said, giving her a sealed note.

"Wait, wait, I'm guessing that place is in Italy, right?" Harry asked.

"The region of Calabria, yes," Ajuka replied.

"Being yanked out of Hogwarts at random was bad enough, but surely someone will notice I'm missing if I spend a whole day, at least, in another country," Harry hissed.

"Given what day it is, I doubt anyone's going to notice," Ajuka commented.

"Everyone's going to be exhausted from the ball, and those few who would notice your absence despite that will likely assume that you're sleeping off last night," Rias said.

"I guess you have a point," Harry sighed, hoping that Dumbledore wasn't going to randomly want a word with him today.

"Come," Rias said, taking his hand. "I've been to Catanzaro before."

The familiar sigil of the Gremorys appeared under them, and Harry found himself being transported away from the Underworld and to a part of his own world that he'd never been to before. His relatives' idea of a warm and exotic vacation spot was Cornwall, and before his short trip to the Gremory manor, he had never been outside of Britain. His first thought upon arriving in the coastal Italian city was that, while far from hot, it was much warmer than Scotland. His second thought was that he was standing in the middle of a muggle city wearing robes.

"Here you go," Rias said as she waved her hand over him and transformed his robes into a simple suit and coat.

"You read my mind," Harry chuckled.

"I'll cast a translation spell on you," Akeno said flatly as her hand glowed with magic. "It won't last long and is limited to just Italian, but it will be a lot better than the alternative."

"Thank you," Harry said. "Um, Akeno…"

"Yes, I know about last night," Akeno said crossly.

"Listen, I know I screwed up, and I'm really sorry," Harry said, feeling stricken.

"Harry, we're both still pissed at you, but we also really don't like being here," Rias cut in.

"You don't like Italy?" Harry asked, confused.

"No, I actually really do," Rias replied. "This region in particular is one that I'm fond of, but right now, we're surrounded by active church services, and the sheer volume of prayers is deeply irritating."

"Oh right, Christmas," Harry thought to himself as they departed the empty alleyway that she'd teleported them into.

"On the one hand, searching for Lord Ajuka's contact today will be made somewhat easier by how distracted everyone else will be," Akeno murmured, "but it's not without its drawbacks."

"Right, I guess if the guy does business with one of the Satans, he wouldn't exactly be all that pious," Harry chuckled.

"Given that he deals in magical reagents, he's almost certainly a wizard," Rias said, "and yet he lives far from the main Italian magical enclave in Florence."

"I doubt that he'd move about as Ajuka said he does and refuse to keep a fixed address if he wasn't up to his eyeballs in unsavory stuff," Harry said. "I'm not surprised that he lives so far from the local ministry."

"You can be smart when you choose to think," Akeno sniped.

"I've apologized and acknowledged that I fucked up," Harry snapped. "I let myself think that just because I had improved during our training and seen some tangible results, I could hold my own in a real fight, and now I know that will probably never be true."

"Harry," Akeno said, wincing.

"Here we are," Rias said, pointing at the small house to their right.

"You have made significant progress in the short few weeks that we've been training you," Akeno said softly, placing her hand on his shoulder. "You're not yet at the point where you can freely challenge random people you know nothing about to fights, and that's generally not something you should do if you have a choice anyway, but you will reach and exceed the level of this Crouch guy, I promise."

"It's just hard not to feel like an idiot," Harry muttered.

"You were overconfident and did something foolish," Rias said. "Just learn from that and don't do it again. Akeno and I are only as angry as we are because we could have lost you and…"

She trailed off, looking up into his eyes as her own grew misty.

"We care about you," Akeno whispered, wrapping her arms around him from behind and pressing her large breast into his back. "Promise us you won't run off half-cocked like that again."

"I promise," Harry said.

"Good," Rias smiled, blinking rapidly to dry her eyes.

"It was a little out of character for you," Akeno commented.

"Not really," Harry sighed, shaking his head. "It's hardly the first time I rushed in against an opponent that I had no chance against."

"No, I meant that most things you do are twice-cocked," Akeno giggled.

"That pun was terrible," Rias said as she unlocked the door and let them in. "Hmm, that's odd."

"What's odd?" Akeno asked.

"The door is cracked," Rias replied, running her finger over what looked like a hastily repaired break in the door.

"I can't use my wand without alerting...I actually don't know if that would reach my ministry or the Italian one, really," Harry said. "Can you cast any sort of life detection spell?"

"Yes, and he's not here," Rias said. "The place is empty."

"I'd say it has been for a few days," Akeno commented, swiping a finger through the dust on the windowsill.

"Well, let's hope he left something behind," Rias groaned, "because the traces on the packaging Ajuka gave us are very faint. The doorknob hit the wall back here. I'd guess it was kicked in."

As the three of them looked around the abandoned home, Harry got the sense that the man they sought, if he was the last person to live here, had left in a hurry. The furniture was all there, and by itself, it told a bit about this Cadorna guy. For one thing, he was very likely a wizard, given the sheer lack of electronics in the house. Unless the Italians were less addicted to television than the English, he'd have expected to find one.

"Ooo!" Rias cooed from the kitchen.

"Find something?" Akeno asked.

"Nothing useful, but nice all the same," the redhead replied, rushing out with what looked like a sausage in her hand. "The table had a few things on it under stasis charms, suggesting more than anything that this guy left in a hurry. Among those things was this."

"What is it?" Harry asked.

"Nduja," Rias replied, staring down at the sausage greedily. "It's a spiced sausage that's made up of so much fat that it's spreadable. I haven't had it in ages, but I'd recognize that smell anywhere."

"Looks like he has a loaf of fresh bread under stasis charm too," Akeno said, looking in at the small table in the kitchen.

"Sounds like breakfast to me," Harry said. "I was barely out of bed when Ajuka grabbed me and brought me to Agreas. I don't think I realized until that moment just how frighteningly powerful he is."

"As I said, among our people, he's second only to my brother," Rias said, sitting down and conjuring a third chair.

Harry tore into the loaf of ciabatta while Akeno grabbed knives and sat down. Rias summoned a small metal bowl from the cupboards, and after cutting open the sausage casing, she scooped out the contents into it. Grabbing the bowl in her hands, she warmed it up, and in mere moments, the rich red sausage melted into a spreadable paste.

"Dig in," Rias said, scooping some of the sausage out with her knife and spreading it over her hunk of bread.

Harry followed suit, and his eyes bugged out as he tasted it.

"You weren't kidding about the spice," he gasped.

"Is it too much?" Rias asked.

"No," Harry replied. In truth, he was more surprised than anything else, and it wasn't that bad, but he doubted that he'd have replied any other way in any case.

The three of them ate quietly, and Harry allowed himself to relax a little bit. They were clearly still annoyed at how he'd rushed off into danger, but they didn't seem to be as pissed as they had been. As they finished, he looked around the room and noted how much it seemed like someone had just been here.

"Aside from the dust in the living room, this place doesn't look like it was abandoned that long ago," Harry said.

"My guess would be that Cadorna knew someone was coming and took off in a hurry," Rias said. "They then kicked the door in, noticed that he'd left, and took off. You two look around upstairs. I'll finish checking out the ground floor."

"Will do," Akeno said.

The two of them went upstairs, with Akeno leading the way, and Harry found his eyes drawn to her large, round arse, which looked incredible in the tight leggings she was wearing.

"I can't believe I have a piece of Voldemort inside me," Harry muttered as he went.

The last twelve hours had been so hectic that he'd barely had time to digest that little fact.

"We'll get it out of you," Akeno promised. Looking at him with a lewd grin, she added, "I know having a man inside you isn't your thing."

"Oh fuck, don't go there," Harry groaned as she giggled.

"Oh," Akeno said, pausing so suddenly that he walked into her.

"What's oh fuck!" Harry exclaimed as he saw what she was looking at.

Inside what he assumed was their target's bedroom, lay a severed pinky finger, sitting in a tiny pool of blood.

"This is weird," Akeno said as she looked around. "There are no signs of a struggle."

"He splinched," Harry explained, trying not to look at the finger. The last thing he needed, with a stomach full of spicy sausage, was anything to make him queasy. "Can't you tell from what the blood looks and feels like how long it's been since it was spilled?"

"Correct," Akeno cooed as she picked up and inspected the severed finger. "I'd say this was removed a few hours ago at most. He must just not dust his place very often."

"This definitely supports Rias' theory," Harry said. "The guy knew he was about to be attacked, rushed up here, possibly to grab something, and then tried to apparate away, but screwed up and splinched himself in his panic."

"Well, this will be enough to track him down," Akeno said, casting a stasis spell on the finger and pocketing it. "You can look now."

"Sorry about that," Harry snorted, shaking his head. "I've never seen a severed body part before."

"We'll work on strengthening your stomach," Akeno said. "You don't have the luxury of living a life without bloodshed, so you're going to need to get used to it."

"You'd think I would be by now," Harry sighed. "If I had thought to put Crouch down more forcefully when I managed to surprise him, he wouldn't have gotten away."

"Something else we need to work on," Akeno said.

"Does that mean I'm forgiven?" Harry asked, giving her a winning smile and stepping forward until their faces were inches apart.

"I think I could be convinced to forgive you," Akeno whispered. "I wouldn't be the first woman to be tempted by a serpent tongue."

She kissed him, and he stepped backward, leading her out of the room and back into the hallway. As his tongue slipped into her mouth, he led her further away and pressed her up against the wall. He broke the kiss and trailed his lips down along the slender column of her neck, earning breathy sighs and soft moans from the brunette beauty.

"If the price of your forgiveness if tasting your sweet little pussy until you scream, I should piss you off more often," Harry whispered in her ear.

"I wouldn't suggest it," Akeno said flatly as sparks of lightning played across her fingers.

"Noted," Harry chuckled, sinking to his knees and pulling her leggings down under her plump arse, groaning at the realization that she wasn't wearing panties.

"Just a second," Akeno said, holding out her hand and casting a spell. When he furrowed his brow, she explained, "Cleaning your tongue. I don't want any traces of the spices ending up down there."

Harry nodded, embarrassed that he hadn't thought of that, and he gave her sex, which was already starting to grow damp, a long lick while grabbing two large handfuls of her soft cheeks. Her fingers laced through his hair, and her nails grazed his scalp as he lapped at her folds.

"Hmm, you've gotten really good at that!" Akeno moaned as he swirled his tongue around her clit and flicked it directly over the throbbing nub. "Even without your special ability, you'd be nearly at Rias' level."

"Hmm, I guess that was the one gift Voldemort gave me," Harry murmured when a terrible thought occurred to him. "I hope that I don't lose it when we get rid of the horcrux."

"Considering how long you've had the ability, and how much you've used it, I'd doubt it," Akeno said, "but I'd like you either way."

"Thank goodness for that," Harry said wryly before pressing his tongue against her clit. In parseltongue, he hissed, "Cum for me!"

Akeno screamed, her knees bucking, as she came hard. Harry tightened his grip on her arse, holding her up as he continued to inflict the pleasurable torture of a parseltongue-induced unending orgasm.

"When I sent you two up here, it was so that you'd investigate, not fuck," Rias said flatly.

Harry turned around and saw the redhead standing by the stairs with her arms crossed, glaring at the both of them. He let Akeno slide down gently and stood up.

"We found something and then got talking about forgiveness and…" Harry went to explain.

"So...good," Akeno panted, reaching into her pocket and tossing the severed finger at Rias.

"Oh," Rias said as she caught it. "You think this belongs to Cadorna?"

"Probably," Harry replied. "There wasn't any indication that there was a fight here. I think the guy apparated away and splinched himself. It can happen if you aren't careful."

"Hmm, well, we'll be able to use it to track him down easily enough," Rias said. "Look around the grounds outside. I'll wait with Akeno as her brain turns back on."

Harry sighed, realizing that blue balls were going to be the actual price of their forgiveness in this instance, and made his way downstairs. As he exited the small house, he saw a crowd of people clearly coming back from a service at the church down the road, and hoped that Rias' translation spell worked, just in case he ended up having to explain his presence to anyone.

He nodded politely at a couple who said, "Buon Natale."

Recognizing the words as Merry Christmas, he replied in kind, and they smiled as they went on their way. He breathed a sigh of relief at the realization that he truly could understand these people and took a quick look around the property, noticing a number of foot prints around the place. There were a variety of shoe sizes among the prints, and Harry figured that at least people had shown up at this place looking for Cadorna. He certainly hoped that they were looking for the guy, since splinching yourself in fear of people who were looking for someone else would be highly embarrassing.

"Luna's rubbing off on me," he thought to himself, grinning.

As he finished looking around the grounds and determined that there really wasn't anything of value to be found, he went to make his way back inside, only to pause as he noticed something strange in the distance. There was a girl with long blonde hair wearing the habit of a nun. She looked young, possibly a little younger than him, which made her attire all the stranger. Growing up in England and in a very protestant home, he hadn't had any interactions with nuns in his life, and his only experience with them was seeing portrayals in television, where they were exclusively old women. This girl was anything but that.

"Oof!" a little dark-haired boy grunted as he fell on the sidewalk.

He started to cry, drawing the attention of his mother, who bent down to help him up. He was clutching his arm, which he seemed to have scraped on the pavement.

"Hey now, it's alright," the older woman said softly. "We're nearly home. We'll get it cleaned up, and you'll be perfectly fine."

"Excuse me," the blonde girl said. "If you'll let me, I could help."

"Help?" the woman asked.

"By the grace of God, be healed," the blonde said, holding out her hands over the boy's scraped arm.

Harry's eyes widened as he watched a pale green light appear between her hands and the boy's wound close up and seal. The boy's sniffling stopped immediately, and his mother looked down at him and the nun with wide eyes.

"It's a miracle," she breathed.

"A gift from the Lord," the nun replied.

As he watched the display, only one thought passed through Harry's mind: "Is that witch bloody mad?"
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, RohanJ10, MyddynEmrys and 595 others
voivode_writer
Aug 6, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 9
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Aug 20, 2024
Add bookmark
#195
Hermione woke up and sighed at the feeling of the remarkably comfortable bed she was in. The room was dark, incredibly so, and she assumed that it had to be rather early, but she felt very well rested. She was quite warm too, oddly so, and as she grabbed her pillow and pulled it down a bit to snuggle it as she slowly woke up, she felt her hand brush against the soft skin of someone's arm.

"Ahh!" Hermione cried, wiggling her way out of the embrace of whoever was spooning her.

"Huh?" Luna asked, and instantly the room lit up in response to her desires. "What's wrong, Hermione?"

Hermione flushed slightly in embarrassment as she realized that she had completely forgotten how she went to sleep the night before. In her defense, she had been completely emotionally drained by the time sleep finally claimed her and so exhausted that she didn't even object when the strange blonde she'd spent much of the night speaking with suggested that they share the one bed, once she agreed to wear pajamas, anyway.

"Sorry, I just didn't realize who was holding me," she said. "Half-asleep, you know?"

"Oh, that's alright," Luna smiled serenely. "Happy Christmas, by the way."

"Right," Hermione sighed, remembering what day it was. "Happy Christmas, Luna."

She looked across the room to where her dress and Luna's were hanging and recalled the conversation that they'd had before she passed out.

"So how exactly did all of this start?" Hermione asked.

"Harry bumped into me in the hallway and was nice enough to catch me," Luna replied. "He then noticed that I wasn't wearing shoes because the nargles had taken them and cast a warming charm on my feet. I was so grateful that I decided to help him out in exchange and lent him my family's book on devil summoning."

Hermione sighed and said, "You do realize that summoning devils is highly illegal in Magical Britain and presumably most places, right?"

"So is aiding fugitives and setting men's robes on fire," Luna replied without heat, and Hermione's jaw dropped at the casual references to her own crimes. "Harry needed help, and I figured that he'd be able to find one of the nicer devil families to get assistance from. I'd say it worked out fairly well, given how much Rias clearly cares for him."

That, Hermione couldn't deny, no matter how much she might have wanted to. That kind of concern couldn't be faked, and the brunette felt like she was watching her own feelings played out by Rias when she expressed her fury at Harry for putting himself in danger.

"So Harry told you everything about our adventures, I take it?" she asked.

"Perhaps not everything, but he's told me a lot," Luna replied. "I don't know why he's so sure that I couldn't find a way to befriend the acromantulas, but he made me swear not to try before he told me that part of the story."

"They seem rather unpleasant, from what I was told," Hermione said, shaking her head at the blonde. "So what exactly does Harry have with Rias? Clearly, they're...together, but not exclusive?"

"Rias and Akeno were already lovers when she slept with Harry, so sharing them was easy for her, and both of them came to like me well enough to let me in," Luna replied.

"And Harry managed to convince you that that was something you'd enjoy?" Hermione asked, confused.

"Harry?" Luna laughed. "I really like him, and I really want to sleep with him, but he's incredibly dense when it comes to girls. I don't think he even realized that I wanted him until I had his penis in my hand."

"O...oh," Hermione stammered, her face going red.

"I have no idea how much of him I'll even be able to take, but I'm eager to find out," Luna sighed dreamily.

"I can't imagine sharing a man with other women," Hermione sighed.

"Hmm," Luna hummed to herself, looking like she was deep in thought for a moment. Suddenly a round stone basin full of murky water appeared before them, and she snapped her fingers, saying, "This should help!"

"What?" Hermione asked.

"This is a pensieve," Luna explained. "They let you observe your memories and those of others. Do you want to view my memory of the time I bathed with Harry? Because I think that would make it much easier to imagine sharing him."

"I…" Hermione trailed off, unable to speak for a moment. "That's not what I meant!"

"So you can imagine sharing Harry?" Luna asked.

"Luna, that's just a figure of speech," Hermione said through gritted teeth as her red cheeks slowly started to return to normal. "I'm perfectly capable of imagining things."

"Oh," Luna said, and the pensieve disappeared. "That's alright, then. I had heard of people who couldn't visualize things in their minds before, something that I think might be a symptom of particularly bad wrackspurt infestations, and I feared that you might be one of them."

Despite herself, Hermione laughed at that and sat down on the large bed in the center of the room.

"Nothing makes sense anymore," she muttered to herself. "I feel like my whole world changed the moment Harry's name came out of that damn goblet."

Luna sat down next to her and wrapped an arm around her shoulders, saying, "Change is inevitable, but somethings are still the same. Harry still adores you; that hasn't changed."

Hermione smiled at that and said, "He and I still need to have a proper talk about the fact that I didn't learn about any of this for weeks, but I'll always support him, even if I don't fully understand some of the decisions he's made. I am grateful to Rias for helping him through the first task. I thought my heart was going to stop when I saw the horntail get brought out."

"She was a very angry dragon," Luna commented, "though I imagine that I'd be angry too if I was dragged away from my home and made to guard a golden egg for some game I didn't understand."

Hermione smiled and laid back, enjoying the way that the soft bed felt under her weary body.

"I guess there's just one question left," Luna commented, and she sat back up.

"Huh?" Hermione asked.

"What color do you want your toenails to be?" Luna asked, looking down at the vast assortment of nail polishes that the room had created for them.

Hermione just snorted.

"Luna, do you have much planned today?" Hermione asked.

"I need to write to Daddy, but other than that, not really," Luna replied. "Why?"

"I'd like to see that book of yours if you wouldn't mind," Hermione replied, wanting to learn more about the world her best friend had stumbled into.

"Oh, okay," Luna replied, smiling at her. "I could bring it up here after lunch."

"That sounds great," Hermione said.

It would give her time to see Harry and clear the air between them.

*****

"Pardon me, Miss?" Harry asked, rushing over to the nun.

"Oh, hello," she said, her melodic voice sounding immensely sweet and cheerful.

"Pardon me, but Nico and I need to get home," the woman whose son she had just healed said. "Thank you again, Sister. God bless you."

"God bless," the nun replied, smiling at the cheerful-looking boy again as the pair of them left. Turning to Harry, she asked, "Did you need something?"

"I…" Harry trailed off as something that hadn't occurred to him before finally dawned on him. "You did that without a wand."

"A wand?" the nun asked, cocking her head. "Why would I have a wand?"

He might have thought that she was playing dumb, but the nun looked so earnest in her response that he couldn't help but think that she was being honest, which only made her more confusing. As she looked up at him with big, wide eyes, he thought for a moment that she reminded him a little of Luna.

"Was that not...magic?" Harry asked.

"Heavens no!" the nun replied. "I'm no witch, sir, just a servant of the Lord with a gift given by him."

"So you can't turn water into wine?" Harry quipped.

The nun frowned, saying, "Such things can only be done by God. I can heal people through his will, but that's all."

"Ah, how wonderful," Harry said, inwardly wondering what the hell was going on.

"Harry," Rias spoke through their link, "kindly return to the house. We're about to leave."

"On my way," Harry replied mentally. Turning to the nun, he said, "Well, happy Christmas, miss...?"

"Asia Argento," she replied. "and Merry Christmas."

"I'm Harry Potter," Harry said, smiling at her. "Farewell."

"God bless," Asia said warmly as he returned to the house.

"Did you find something?" Rias asked as he reentered the house. "If you hadn't replied, I'd have gone looking for you."

"Nothing related to the guy we're looking for," Harry said, his brow furrowed in confusion. "There was a nun outside who could do magic."

"What!?" Rias asked.

"What kind of magic?" Akeno asked, looking up from the map of Italy she was staring at for a moment.

"She healed a young boy who had fallen and hurt himself," Harry replied, his eyes widening as he saw that she had attached the severed finger to a chain and was spinning it above the map. "It was the weirdest thing, and I was about to chew her out for doing magic in front of muggles, when I realized that she wasn't using a wand. That must be why she got away with it without ending up in trouble with her local ministry."

Drawing his wand, he added, "The trace must be on the wands themselves."

"Hand me your wand," Rias said. "I should have taken a look at it earlier, actually. For the trace to work at all, it would have to link back to something else, and if that's the case, I should be able to pinpoint the particular enchantment and destroy it. Did you speak with this nun?"

"Yes, and please be careful," Harry said as he gave her his wand. "She claimed that she couldn't do anything other than heal people and seemed a touch offended by the idea of being thought to be a witch. I figure she's some untrained muggleborn who fell through the cracks here."

"What did this healing look like?" Akeno asked.

"Nothing like what I've seen Madam Pomfrey do," Harry replied. "Her hands glowed green, and the boy's scrape shrank bit by bit until it was gone completely."

"That was probably a sacred gear," Akeno murmured.

"A what now?" Harry asked.

"The sacred gear system was created by the Tyrant to allow certain humans to perform miraculous feats," Rias replied. "Certain people in every generation are born with innate abilities, like that nun's healing powers, coming from the sacred gear inside them. The gear is an intrinsic part of their being and remains with them until they die. Got it!"

"You found the trace?" Harry asked, excited by the idea of not needing to worry about it again.

"And destroyed it," Rias replied, tossing his wand back to him. "You'll be able to defend yourself more freely now, though should we run into any trouble here in Italy, I'll expect you to let us do the lion's share of the fighting."

"Speaking of trouble, I think I found our hunted friend," Akeno piped up. "He's still in the country, but he's fled northwest of here, to the city of Naples."

"Once we're within a few miles of him, we should be able to use his finger to lead us straight to wherever he's hiding," Rias said. "Let's go."

She conjured a ritual circle, which Akeno and Harry both stepped into quickly, and the three of them disappeared, traveling many miles across the country in an instant.

"How did you find him?" Harry asked as he looked around the empty alleyway they'd appeared in.

"Scrying," Akeno replied. "His finger is still part of him, even though it's been severed, and I was able to use that connection to find the spot on that map of Italy I found in his desk that he'd gone to."

"What if he had left the country?" Harry asked.

"Then it would have spun wide and quickly, indicating that I needed to go further afield," Akeno replied. "I could actually use a map of Naples to find his exact location, but that won't be necessary."

"Not with this," Rias said, picking up a small plastic bag that had been left in the alley.

"What will that do?" Harry asked.

"Mask the fact that I'm going to have a severed human finger floating in front of me," Akeno replied with a grin, taking the bag from Rias.

She placed the finger inside the bag, something Harry was grateful for, and off they went. The image of the bag swaying in front of her was still odd, but it was a windy enough day that that could explain it, and they got a few looks as it was from the people largely distracted by the holiday. The three of them made their way through the small city, which, Harry noted, was at least as beautiful as Catanzaro.

"Did either of you find anything to indicate who might have been after Cadorna?" Harry asked.

"I don't think that they were at his place for very long," Akeno replied.

"Nor were they magical," Rias replied. "I would expect fully-trained wizards to know how useful having a part of your target's body can be."

"They freaked him out enough that he splinched himself trying to get away," Harry commented, "so they must be dangerous to some extent."

"Let's ask him ourselves," Rias grinned as the finger turned abruptly towards a small, six-story apartment building.

"Is the finger pointing straight or upward?" Harry asked.

"Towards the top floor," Rias said, looking around.

Once she was sure that no one was looking at them, she waved her hands over herself and Harry. Grabbing him, she flew up onto the roof, taking him with her, and he grinned widely at the sudden feeling of broomless flight. Akeno landed next to them a moment later, revealing herself once the risk of being seen flying past someone's window had passed.

"Cadorna's already had to flee for his life, and I expect him to be understandably skittish," Akeno commented. "If we go to his front door, whether we get to it from the roof or the ground, I would expect him to bolt."

"What about if we enter from his balcony?" Harry asked. "I assume the finger will indicate which unit is his."

"That's a good idea," Rias said, walking along the roof until the finger pointed straight down. "This is it."

Drawing his wand, Harry cast, "Homenum Revelio." He peered down towards the ceiling of the apartment that Rias was pointing to, detecting a single figure underneath it. "He's alone and nowhere near the balcony. Just a second."

He moved towards the edge of the roof and, seeing that the balcony jutted out a ways from it, quickly lowered himself down easily enough.

"Either of us could have just flown you down," Akeno whispered as they joined him.

"I can do some things myself," Harry replied. "Sadly, detecting wards isn't one of them. Is there anything here that we need to be wary of?"

"Nothing dangerous," Akeno replied, reaching out with her magic to try and see what protective spells Cadorna had cast around the apartment. "It seems like he just cast a basic detection ward to alert him if anyone comes by."

"I'll be able to destroy that easily enough," Rias replied. "The lack of more dangerous spells could mean that Cadorna's simply not that powerful or knowledgeable, but I think it actually confirms what I suspected. The men who came after him were normal humans."

"So he has no reason to think that they'd find him here quickly," Harry murmured.

"What the hell?" Rias asked, a shiver going through her as she looked deeply concerned for a moment.

"What's wrong?" Harry asked.

"Sirzechs wants a word," Rias replied. "Well, he can wait a moment. I don't want Cadorna to flee from us."

Without another word, she reached out and, using the power of the destruction, tore the detection ward apart. Harry then tugged on the sliding balcony door, finding that it wasn't even locked, and the three of them made their way inside.

"Who the hell are you?" a balding, middle-aged man with dark hair yelled at them.

He was covered in sweat and looked unwell, as though he hadn't slept in a couple days. His right hand was bandaged, and there was a bloody spot on the linen where his pinky had been.

"I believe this belongs to you," Rias said, holding his severed finger before her.

"My...you...you're a witch?" Cadorna asked, sounding both confused and relieved.

"No," Rias replied. "I am Rias Gremory."

"Gremory?" Cadorna asked. "Oh, thank God...so to speak."

"Lord Ajuka sent us with an order," Rias said, taking the envelope containing his note out of her pocket. "Fulfill it, and I'll reattach your finger for you."

"Hand it over, and I can do that myself," Cadorna replied, pointing to his wand, which was sitting next to him. "As for his lordship's order...that's going to be a problem."

"What is this place?" Harry asked. "Oh, I'm Harry Potter, by the way."

"Fuck me, you really are," Cadorna replied, his eyes going straight to Harry's forehead. "Matteo Cadorna, at your service. Don't worry, kid. As funny as I might find England's great child hero cavorting with devils, I'm not stupid enough to mention it to anyone else. To answer your question, this is my friend Luca's place. He's away for the holidays, and I needed a place to lay low from those church fucks, so I came here."

"Church?" Akeno asked.

"There's a forest in Piedmont, not far from Turin, that I go to from time to time looking for potions ingredients," Cadorna replied. "I went there two days ago, looking for a couple magical plants that continue growing even when covered in snow, and stumbled across something that I really wish I hadn't."

"What did you find?" Harry asked.

"An old World War II bunker that some guys had moved into," Cadorna replied. "I thought it was bums at first, or some stupid kids, but when I saw some of the things they were bringing inside, I began to wonder if it wasn't the muggle government and my curiosity got the better of me. Instead of government goons, I found priests, who were performing bizarre experiments on children.

"Damn it," Rias hissed. "Could you point me to the restroom?"

"Down the hall and to your right," Cadorna replied. "Anyway, they seemed to want to isolate something inside the…"

Rias wished she could have heard the rest of that, but her brother was being oddly insistent, and Akeno could fill her in. Finding the restroom, she closed the door behind it and cast a quick spell to ensure that no sound would get in or out of it. She then placed her hand on the mirror hanging above the sink and tapped into the spell Sirzechs was using to reach out to her. A moment later, his face appeared in the mirror.

"Sorry, I didn't reply sooner," she said as soon as he appeared. "I was tracking someone down and just found him when you reached out to me the first time."

"Hello, Rias," Sirzechs said. "Ajuka tells me you're in Italy."

"I am," Rias replied. "He needs something for a ritual involving Harry. Has he told you that he figured out what was causing the problem with the evil pieces?"

"He has," Sirzechs replied, "but what I'm calling about has nothing to do with that. It's fortuitous that you're already in Italy, because I'd likely be sending you there if you weren't. I've received word of something that I need investigated."

"I did just track down Ajuka's supplier, so I should be free soon enough," Rias said. "What's the matter?"

"A couple spies in my employ have learned of a top secret research project that the church has been conducting," Sirzechs replied. "What exactly they're trying to accomplish isn't clear, but they seem to be working with children whom they believe might have some talent for wielding holy swords."

"Um, might they be operating out of a facility somewhere near Turin?" Rias asked.

"Yes, hidden in a forest east of the city," Sirzechs replied, blinking owlishly. "How do you…"

"It seems that Ajuka's contact stumbled into it and ran afoul of the priests running the operation," Rias chuckled. "What exactly do you want me to do?"

"For now, observe," Sirzechs replied. "I'm not going to risk a direct confrontation unless I have no choice in the matter, but if they're attempting, as I suspect, to increase the number of the holy sword wielders…"

"That could be really bad," Rias shuddered. "Alright, I'll take Akeno and Harry and get a closer look at this place. Do you have the rough coordinates?"

"Here," Sirzechs said, waving his hand. A map of Piedmont appeared next to him on the mirror, with an x drawn a fair distance east of Turin. "That's where our spies said that the building was, though again, it is supposedly well hidden in the forest."

"Well out of the way of any prying eyes," Rias murmured. "Well, I should report back in a few hours."

"Engage them only if you have no choice," Sirzechs ordered, "and good luck."

"Thank you," Rias said, smiling warmly as his image disappeared.

"...so while my things are all safely hidden under my house, I don't dare approach it again for fear that those crazy priests will spot me," Cadorna said as she reentered the living room.

"Matteo just finished telling us that he was followed all the way back to Catanzaro from the forest," Akeno said.

"We'll deal with them," Rias promised, tossing him his finger. "Stay here and wait for us. Once it's safe for you to return home, we'll come get you."

"Thank you," Cadorna sighed as he looked over his finger. "You cast a stasis charm on this?"

"Something like that," Akeno replied, smiling sweetly. "It should be perfectly possible to reattach it."

"Come," Rias said, ushering her and Harry over. "We need to be on our way."

A crimson ritual circle appeared around the three of them, and they disappeared.

*****

"Isaiah, why have they brought us here?" Tosca asked weakly.

"I don't know, Tosca," Isaiah replied, giving the younger girl the most reassuring smile that he could, "but they must have their reasons."

They had been brought to this new laboratory a few days earlier. It wasn't the first time that they had been brought to a new facility for one reason or another, and Isaiah had no reason to think that there was anything different this time from that alone. The guards and the priests looked oddly grim, though, and he suspected that he knew why. No matter what they tried, they didn't seem to be getting the results that they wanted. Bishop Galilei, in particular, had looked increasingly frustrated the last few times that he saw him.

"I hope it means that they're giving us the day off," Tosca admitted, sounding ashamed. "I'm so sore."

"We were chosen by God," Mark, the only one there older than Isaiah, spat. "If it is his will that we suffer, it is not our place to question it."

"At least pretend to have a heart, Mark," Grace said dryly. Turning to Tosca, she smiled warmly and said, "It's Christmas. They let us rest and make merry last Christmas. I'm sure they will again."

Tosca smiled at that and leaned on Isaiah, who wrapped an arm around her shoulders comfortingly. One of the benefits of being moved from one facility to another was that they weren't subjected to the priests' experiments on the road. They had resumed their work not long after arriving here, but it seemed like no one had had anything done to them yet today. Perhaps Grace was right. In any case, they knew that, as Mark had said, they were chosen by God and would, in time, become instruments of His holy will.

Each child present possessed some talent with swords and a limited potential to wield holy swords, those imbued with the lord's divine power. They weren't true wielders, and could not serve Heaven in that capacity yet, but Bishop Galilei and the others were working to fix that. Their training was grueling and the experiments terrible, but they knew that it would be worth it in the end. They just had to have faith.

"Are we waiting for the Bishop?" Grace asked the guard looking after them as the man drew close.

"We're awaiting orders," the man replied coldly, his tone making it clear that he did not wish to speak further.

It did seem strange that they were all grouped together in this one windowless room. In truth, their new location was strange in general, being more isolated than anywhere they'd been kept before. Isaiah didn't think that much of it, however. As an orphan who had been taken in by the church when he was younger, he owed them much and had been thrilled when the bishop told him that he was special and blessed by the Lord.

"There he is," Tosca whispered, pointing at the doorway, where Bishop Galilei was standing, dressed as he often was in his simple vestments.

His gray eyes had always been oddly cold, Isaiah thought, but he knew that the man could be warm at times. Those eyes, the same color that his moustache had turned over the last few years, looked exceptionally cold as he stared at them then, and the blonde boy strained to hear what he was saying to Antonio, his head of security.

"...failed," the bishop hissed, sounding both resigned and furious.

"You're sure, your grace?" Antonio asked.

"...been a source of...learned much, but...it's time," Bishop Galilei said, speaking so quietly that Isaiah couldn't make out everything. "They cannot be discovered."

"I see," Antonio muttered, swallowing thickly. "His will be done."

"Indeed," Bishop Galilei said coldly, speaking more loudly. "Contact me when you're done, and let the men know that they can return to their families afterward. It is Christmas, after all."

The bishop looked out at the dozens of children gathered in the room then, and as his eyes reached Isaiah, the boy recoiled. There was something in them that he'd never seen before, something that went beyond simple coldness.

He recalled the time he'd snuck out of his room when he was younger and discovered two of the guards watching a movie called Jaws. He hadn't seen much before he was discovered, but there was one line that sprang to mind. "...lifeless eyes, black eyes, like a doll's eyes," and he shook his head in confusion, wondering why he was so suddenly frightened. There was no reason for him to be frightened by the good bishop.

Bishop Galilei left then, and Isaiah saw the priests follow after him, alongside what looked like most of the guards. They were carrying boxes full of papers and other things, which struck him as odd because most of what had been in the previous laboratory had yet to arrive at their new one from what he's seen. Just as he was about to ask what was going on, Antonio and five other guards entered the room.

"I have good news," Antonio said warmly, though there was an uncomfortable edge to his voice that put Isaiah further on edge. "There will be no training and no experiments today."

"Thank God," Tosca whispered.

"Please close your eyes and join us in prayer," Antonio said.

Isaiah wondered why he was leading them in prayer instead of one of the priests or the bishop, but, thrilled by the fact that they were actually getting the day off, he didn't question it, closing his eyes obediently.

"Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee…" Antonio began, and they all joined in immediately.

With the chorus of their voices echoing through the small room, it took Isaiah a moment to realize that the guards stopped praying after the first line. Not wanting to stop mid-prayer, he continued to recite the familiar lines, feeling that same sense of connection with God that he always did when he prayed. He reached for the silver crucifix around his neck, wrapping his hand around it.

"Holy Mary…" Mark coughed then, wheezing as he tried to continue, and Isaiah noticed that his own throat had become oddly irritated.

He opened his eyes, and they immediately went wide in horror as he saw that the guards were all wearing heavy gas masks and that the air around them was thick with a miasma of some sort of odorless gas.

"What…" Isaiah shouted, coughing uncontrollably. "What are you...doing!?"

"Sorry, kids," Antonio sighed through his mask. "Orders are orders. I promise, it'll be quick, though."

Some of the others began to fall to their knees as burning pain lanced through Isaiah's body.

"St...stop!" Grace screamed.

Isaiah looked over to Tosca, who was sitting down, her face a picture of shock and horror as she wrapped her arms around her knees. More of them were falling down, succumbing to the poison they had all inhaled, when suddenly, a sharp cry from behind him drew his attention.

"Get off of...NO!" one of the guards screamed in horror as Mark ripped his mask off with what had to be the last of his strength.

Antonio and the others ran over to drag their murder victim off of their comrade, and Isaiah saw that the path to the door was open. Looking around, desperately trying to find someone else still standing, he cried out in horror as he saw that he was the last one left.

"Run," Grace gasped weakly. "Go!"

"Run."

"Run."

"Run."

The chorus of soft, weak voices continued as those few who were still conscious begged him to flee. The guards were too preoccupied with trying to get Mark, who was struggling valiantly against them, off of the dying man before him. There would be no way to help him, and none of the others looked like they could stand, much less run. Wanting nothing more than to help the others, Isaiah wept and did the only thing he could do.

The door wasn't locked, and by the time Antonio noticed what had happened and ordered his men to go after him, the blonde boy had already fled. Using strength he didn't know he possessed, Isaiah did all that he could to ignore the pain spreading through his entire body and ran as fast as he could. He could only pray that the clean forest air outside would help drive the poison from his lungs, though the first thing he noticed as he ran into the snow-covered forest was just how cold it had gotten.

*****

"Why do I get the sense that there's more to this than we know?" Akeno asked the moment they appeared in the forested region Rias had taken them to.

"That facility that Matteo Cadorna stumbled into is actually what Sirzechs wanted to talk to me about," Rias replied, walking towards the spot that Sirzechs had specified to her. "His spies think that it might be the site of something that the Church is operating."

"He did say that there were priests inside," Harry commented. "Why would the church be running experiments on children, though?"

"Sirzechs thinks that this is about holy swords," Rias replied. When he cocked an eyebrow, she explained, "Holy swords are swords imbued with holy power. Think the legendary sword Excalibur."

"For a devil, even a minor wound from a holy sword can be fatal," Akeno said.

"And we're wandering over to see a bunch of priests running experiments involving them?" Harry asked.

"Rias and I are more than capable of taking down anyone in there who might possess one of them before they reach us," Akeno said reassuringly, "and the likelihood that they have an actual wielder among them is low."

"Why?" Harry asked.

"It's exceedingly rare for a human to be able to wield one of the blades," Rias replied. "People able to wield them properly and make use of their power are even rarer than people born with sacred gears."

"Wait, hold up," Harry said, looking down at the ground.

"What is it?" Rias asked.

"Fluxweed," Harry replied, squatting down to get a better look at the plant. "It's a magical plant and one of the ingredients in the potion that Crouch was using to look like Moody. If we're finding magical plants, we're probably in the spot that Cadorna was in when he found the building we're looking for."

"Good eye," Akeno said. "I'll take a look around and see if I can't spot it from the air."

"Just be careful not to be spotted," Rias ordered. "Sirzechs made it clear that we're only to engage them in battle if we need to. This is mostly a reconnaissance mission."

"Will do," Akeno said, making herself invisible before flying off into the air.

"I wondered why we didn't just fly around," Harry murmured.

"Even invisibility isn't always perfect," Rias said. "If it comes down to a fight, stay back."

"I'm not completely incapable," Harry muttered.

"You've been in fights before, in deadly situations, but that doesn't mean you're ready for major battles," Rias argued. "If it comes down to a fight, support Akeno and I as best you can, but stay behind us. I brought you along because I expect minor trouble, if any, and I think it might be a good learning experience for you, but only if you don't rush ahead."

"I'll follow your lead," Harry promised. "It's not like…"

"Um, Rias, we have a situation," Akeno said as she reappeared and landed before them.

"Were you spotted?" Rias asked.

"No, they were far too distracted to even try to detect me," Akeno replied. "The facility seems to be in chaos. Something has gone wrong, and men are running around frantically. Most of them seem to have already fled towards the nearest town."

"Interesting," Rias grinned, folding her arms under her large breasts as she considered the possibilities. "If the building's already being abandoned, then most of the documentation is likely already gone, but if they're fleeing from something, then they might have made a mistake that we can capitalize on."

"You want to attack?" Akeno asked.

"I want to get a better look," Rias replied. "Harry, stay behind us."

Drawing his wand, Harry replied, "As I said, I'll follow your lead."

The three of them took off towards the facility, Akeno leading the way as she had actually seen it, and as they drew closer, they spotted what appeared to be very faint smoke coming from it.

"After him!" they heard a man shout as they reached a small clearing in the trees.

They couldn't see what exactly they were after, but two men tore off away from the building in frantic pursuit of someone. A few others soon emerged from the front entrance and ran off in the other direction.

"Those four are going the same way as the others," Akeno mentioned.

"Let's follow the first two," Rias said, "and stay away from the building. The smoke seems to be getting worse."

"I don't smell burning," Harry commented, furrowing his brow in confusion as he followed Rias and Akeno.

The three of them pursued the pair of men they had first spotted, both of whom were dressed in simple dark muggle clothing. He saw nothing to suggest that they were priests, as Caderno seemed to think that they all were, but then it wouldn't have made much sense to run through the woods in vestments anyway, he supposed.

"There, in the distance," Akeno hissed. "There's a boy."

"There's the little shit!" one of the men called out, seeming to notice his prey just after she did.

"Akeno, I want them alive," Rias said as she saw the boy falter and fall.

"Gladly," Akeno cooed, flying up into the air.

"Thought you'd get away from us, did yoAHHH!" one of the men screamed as Akeno electrocuted him.

The dark-haired beauty giggled as she rained lightning down on them both, holding their twitching, screaming forms under her terrible power until they fell unconscious, all while Rias flew off towards the boy. Harry ran after her, wand in hand, wanting to see what exactly was going on here. He might have felt bad watching Akeno inflict pain on the men behind him, if not for the sense he got that something truly terrible had happened at their hands.

"Must...live," the boy gasped, sounding like his breath was torturous as he dragged himself along the snow-covered forest floor with his right arm, "must...survive...for...them."

"Peace now," Rias said, reaching out to him, only to recoil as she spotted the silver crucifix around his neck. "Your pursuers have either fled or are about to die. You're safe."

"Must…" the boy coughed.

"Can you do anything!?" Harry exclaimed, looking down and seeing the blood streaming from the blonde boy's mouth and eyes. Reaching down, he grabbed the crucifix and tore it off, just in case it would interfere with her magic. "He's really bad off."

"He's...oh no," Rias gasped as she hovered her hand over the boy. Looking back at the facility, her face etched in horror, she said, "That wasn't smoke. Those men must have torn off their gas masks as they reached the door."

"Gas?" Harry asked, his eyes widening. "What the hell happened here?"

The boy went still as he asked the question, and Rias reached down, placing two fingers on his neck, only to sigh a moment later.

"His pulse is weak, and I think there are only two things I can do for him now," she whispered. "He's beyond any normal intervention, so I can either grant him mercy or offer him a new life as a devil, something he might not accept if that necklace is indicative of anything."

"The evil pieces," Harry breathed as he realized what she was getting at. "Would you?"

"I sense a degree of power in him, and I can't help but admire how far he managed to flee from that nightmare despite the fact that he'd already inhaled a fatal amount of the poison gas," Rias replied as she mulled it over. "I would speak with his murderers first, though."

Harry and Rias returned to Akeno, finding that she had bound and gagged the men, who glared balefully at all three of them, having woken up.

"Ungag the short one," Rias commanded.

"I don't know who you are, witch, and I have no idea why your kind keep popping up around here, but when the others find out about this, you're going to…" the man went to say.

"You're the second man today to mistake me for a witch," Rias laughed. "I assure you, I'm not."

She unveiled her wings, and the man's eyes went wide with terror.

"Devils?" he gasped, "Pater noster, qui es in caelis, sanctificetur nomenAHHH"

"That's quite enough of that," Rias scowled, nodding to Akeno, who had electrocuted him again. "You're going to die here; make no mistake of that, but whether you do so minutes or days from now is entirely up to you. What happened here?"

Given their crimes, Harry couldn't bring himself to object at all to their deaths. The boy who lay dying next to them looked to be about a year or two younger than he was, but if the descriptions given by Caderno were accurate, he was probably older than most who had died in that massacre.

"Do what you will to me; I will not break," the man spat.

"You will," Akeno said cheerfully, "but hopefully not that quickly."

The man's screams echoed through the forest again as yellow bolts of lightning arced over his body. Harry felt bile rise in his throat as he watched the monster before him, who had clearly just attempted to murder at least one boy with poisoned gas, suffer. He could hardly claim that he didn't deserve it, however.

Behind his gag, the other man raged at the three of them, moving about in his bindings nearly as much as his tortured friend.

Rias raised her hand, and Akeno relented, looking distinctly disappointed.

"Ready to talk yet?" the redhead asked.

"Go...fuck...yourself," the man wheezed.

"Not yet then," Rias said, and the man's screams echoed through the forest again.

She asked him three more times if he would talk, her blue eyes trained on his increasingly bloodshot ones with keen interest. When she was denied the third time, she held out her hand, which was quickly filled with crimson energy, and, to the man's horror, all of his clothes disintegrated around him. Harry looked away, looking over at the boy, whose chest was still moving almost imperceptibly.

"Technically speaking, priests don't actually need testicles," Akeno suggested gleefully, "and I am far more powerful than a car battery."

"I'll talk!" the man cried, openly weeping by that point. "I'll talk, I'll talk, I'll talk, I'll talk!"

"MMM!" the other man screamed against his gag, and a moment later, a ball of crimson energy relieved him of his head.

"What happened here?" Rias asked, her voice filled with rage as Harry looked at the sight in horror.

He still didn't think that he could really blame either of his lovers for how they'd handled themselves here, but that didn't make seeing such things any easier.

"Bishop Galilei wanted to find a way to make anyone capable of wielding holy swords," the guard said slowly. "His research required test subjects, and so he ordered us to find him orphans with limited talent with the things."

"Anyone capable of wielding them?" Akeno asked, sounding more disturbed than Harry had ever heard her. "That would…"

"What happened today?" Rias asked.

"It didn't work," the man replied, and Akeno and Rias both breathed a sigh of relief. "Antonio thinks that some of the higher ups had started to look more closely into what the bishop was doing than he liked, and he had us move the kids to this old abandoned bunker to make them harder to find. They started working with them again, but yesterday he said that the project was shutting down, and today he commanded us to liquidate them."

"A bloody bishop ordered the massacre of children?" Harry asked incredulously.

"He wouldn't have wanted word of what happened here getting out," Rias replied, pinching the bridge of her nose in thought. "Harry, I want you to kill this man."

"Please no!" the man begged.

"Be silent!" Rias barked, moving his gag back to his mouth.

"Me?" Harry asked.

"From your description of your fight with Crouch, it sounds like part of the problem was that you didn't attempt any major damage early on when you could have," Rias replied. "Killing isn't easy for humans, most of them anyway, and no kill is harder than your first, but you have an entire organization out there of men and women who would happily try to kill you and everyone you hold dear if their master returned to them, which he could. As I've said before, you're not going to have the luxury of a peaceful life if it's going to be a long one."

"And as far as people go, you're not going to find many more deserving of death than this piece of shit," Akeno chimed in. Holding her hand before her, a small dagger appeared in it.

"Could you talk him through this?" Rias asked. "I have an offer to make and not much time left to make it."

She gave him a warm, reassuring hug and made her way over to the dying boy, leaving Harry alone with one of his killers and Akeno.

Flipping the blade over in her hand, she gave it to him and, making her way over to the struggling murderer, said, "They say that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach, but it's actually between his fourth and fifth ribs, right here."

She pointed to a spot on the man's chest and beckoned Harry over.

"Awaken," Rias said as she reached the boy, casting a spell on him that would force him back to consciousness at the expense of hastening his death, though that was a question of minutes at this point.

"Please…" the boy coughed. "Please...help...them."

"I'm afraid your friends are gone by now," Rias replied, "and you yourself are dying. I can save you if you wish. What is it that you desire?"

"I want...to live," the boy replied, sounding like he struggled to get out each word. "Want to live...for them...my friends...and use...my talents...against my enemies."

Rias smiled and summoned her bag of evil pieces, selecting one of the knights without a second thought. The young swordsman before her, who possessed some limited talent for using holy swords and who possessed something else, if she was correct, would make an excellent knight in her service.

"Your enemies are mine as well, and I would happily wield you against them if you would live as my devil servant," Rias said. "What is your name?"

"Isaiah," the boy replied, not reacting at all to the news that he would become a devil.

"Hmm," Rias mused, "I'll likely think of something else. For now, though, Isaiah, I order you, by the House of Gremory, to be reborn as a devil."

She placed the knight piece against his chest and felt it enter his body with ease, smiling as she sensed it take root and begin its great task.

"Rest now," Rias said, still thinking of what new name she would give him.

Harry looked into the eyes of the murderer in front of him, seeing the fear and pleading written all over them, and his grip on the knife in his hand tightened. He knew this was an objectively evil human being; no one could deny that, and yet he found himself hesitating to do what Rias and Akeno wanted him to. He had never intentionally killed anyone, as though Quirrell had died at his hands; Harry hadn't known that his touch would be fatal to him until the man had already doomed himself. Quirrell had also been trying to kill him.

Part of him couldn't help but think that Rias was right in her assessment of his fight with Crouch as well. Even at the end, when he was lying on the ground and the Death Eater was distracted by Dumbledore, his first instinct had been to aim for his fake leg. If he had aimed a cutting curse at the man's throat, he wouldn't have escaped. He hadn't done that, however, and now that lunatic was free to harm others again, all because Harry didn't want to dirty his hands.

This man was going to die today; there was no getting around that. If he couldn't do it, Rias or Akeno would, and he was going to deserve it either way. He might not be actively trying to kill Harry as Quirrell had, but he was a mass murderer, and he needed to be put down. Taking a step forward, he pulled the blade back and plunged it where Akeno had instructed, driving it deep between the monster's ribs.

His eyes widened, and he gurgled behind the gag. As Harry pulled the knife back, thick red blood spurted forth, and his face was speckled in the warm fluid. Harry's stomach had been on a knife's edge for a while now, and finding himself covered in the blood of a man he'd just killed proved to be too much. He threw up, vomiting all over the dying man and giving him the sort of dignified funeral he deserved.

"It's okay," Akeno said softly, rubbing his back as he continued to wretch. "You did well."

"You did," Rias murmured as she joined them, levitating the sleeping boy in front of her.

"He's…" Akeno went to ask.

"My knight," Rias replied, setting down gently and wrapping her arms around Harry from behind. "I promise, the next time you need to fight for your life, you'll be ready to do whatever you need to to survive."

"Tha...thank you," Harry coughed.

Akeno cleaned him off with a quick spell, and he smiled gratefully at her.

"Akeno, go to Cadorna and tell him that he's quite likely safe," Rias ordered. "Take him back home and get Lord Ajuka's order fulfilled. I doubt you'll face any trouble, as the rest of these people are likely going to be focused on laying low or getting out of Italy entirely to worry about him, but if anyone attacks…"

"It'll be the last thing they do," Akeno promised. Gesturing to their new companion, she asked, "Are you taking him back to Kuoh?"

"Gremory Castle," Rias replied. "Given what he's been through, he's going to need to rest, and I trust my family's servants to be able to look after him."

"Um, yeah, won't he be at heightened risk of reacting poorly to becoming a devil, given the trauma he's gone through?" Harry asked.

"It's common enough for us to turn murder victims into devils," Rias replied, shaking her head. "The next little while is going to be very difficult for him, but as I say, he'll be well cared for. Given the inner strength he's already shown, I think he's going to pull through, and there's a member of my brother's peerage who I think might be uniquely able to help. You're coming with me."

"What's one more trip to the Underworld?" Harry asked, transfiguring a nearby stick into a cup and summoning water for him to drink to get the taste of vomit out of his mouth.

"Should I go to the castle or straight to Agreas when I'm done?" Akeno asked.

"Go straight to Lord Ajuka," Rias replied, handing her the note he had given her. "We'll be along when we can."

"Alright," Akeno agreed immediately.

"Come," Rias said after taking a moment to destroy the two bodies completely. "My family castle awaits."

Harry moved in close to her, enjoying how her scent calmed his troubled mind, and soon enough, the two of them and the boy they'd rescued were whisked away.

"Hello!" Rias called out as they arrived, as they had last time, in the antechamber of the massive estate.

"My lady," one of the maids, a pretty young blonde girl who was probably at least as old as Dumbledore, remarked as she spotted her.

"Hello, Ashild," Rias said. "Find this one a room and put him to bed."

"Yes, my lady," Ashild replied, picking him up effortlessly.

"I forget sometimes that you're practically royalty," Harry murmured.

"Something you would do well to recall," Venelana said as she entered the room. "I thought I sensed your presence, dear. Is something wrong?"

"Sirzechs had me look into something, and I ended up with a knight to show for it," Rias replied. "He's just turned and suffered a rather violent end before I happened upon him, so he's going to need help."

"I'll have the servants look after him," Venelana replied. "What's his name?"

"Isaiah, for now," Rias replied.

"Well, there must be something to him to make you take such a quick interest in him," Venelana murmured. "You've been positively cautious up to now."

"I have a good feeling, I suppose," Rias replied.

"Mmm, Lana, darling, this biscuit cake is simply...oh, Rias!" a beautiful Brunette said as she wondered in, and Harry knew at a glance that this woman had to be related to Venelana.

She was slightly taller and a touch slimmer, and her face was slightly less angular, but her pale skin, light brown hair, and purple eyes were identical.

"Aunt Minobella!" Rias exclaimed, sounding just as surprised to see the woman as she was to see her. "I didn't expect to see you here."

"Venelana was kind enough to invite her little sister over for tea," Minobella replied. Spotting Harry, she said, "You there, prepare another space for Rias here at the…"

"Oh, Minnie, this isn't one of the servants," Venelana piped up. "This is Harry."

"Oh, this is him?" Minobella asked, looking Harry up and down with new interest. "I pictured someone taller."

"As much as I'd love to stay and chat, I need to check on my new servant," Rias said, her face tight. "It was lovely seeing you again, Aunt Minobella."

"Lovely seeing you, dear," Minobella replied, sounding amused. "If you're ever in Agares territory, do feel free to stop by the castle. I'm sure Seekvaira would love to see more of you."

Rias took Harry's hand and practically dragged him upstairs towards her bedroom.

"I thought we were checking on...you said his name is Isaiah?" Harry asked.

"No, I just didn't want to deal with my aunt's forked tongue," Rias sighed, "and I doubted you needed to put up with it after the day you've had. How are you feeling?"

"I don't think I am," Harry replied. "In the past twenty-four hours, I got into a fight, lost, learned that I have a piece of my worst enemy in my forehead, and killed a child-murdering psychopath. Even by my standards, it's been a day."

"The numbness will pass," Rias said, sitting down on her bed. With a wave of her hand, she switched into her school uniform and said, "Rest your head on my lap, Harry."

Harry didn't hesitate for a moment to follow that request and sighed in pleasure as he felt the soft, warm skin of her thighs against his cheek. He removed his glasses and enjoyed the simple pleasure of that feeling, something that was greatly enhanced when she started scratching his scalp.

"I'm sorry for worrying you," he sighed.

"Water under the bridge," Rias said softly. "I meant it when I said that I'm going to make a warrior out of you. There will come a day, and not that far in the future either, where you'll be able to handle the likes of this Crouch man with ease."

"I leave myself in your hands," Harry murmured, taking one of her hands in his and bringing it to his lips to kiss it. "You never mentioned having an aunt."

"She's the only one I have," Rias replied. "My father's an only child, while my mother has Aunt Minobella and my uncle, the current Lord Bael."

"I guess Seekvaira is her daughter, right?" Harry asked.

"Mmhmm," Rias replied. "My cousin; she's nicer than her mother, and I've always been fond of her.

"Your grandfather managed to have three kids," Harry said. "That must be impressive by devil standards."

"It is, though it took him three women to do it," Rias replied. "My mother and Aunt Minobella were born months apart to two different mistresses of his. He managed to impregnate his wife years later."

"Why don't you rest here while I go give Sirzechs my report?" Rias asked, and Harry sat up, nodding.

Kicking off his shoes, he laid down on her bed and closed his eyes, only to see the terrified eyes of the man he'd killed staring at him. He opened them again and shuddered.

"He deserved it," Harry thought to himself. "He really, really deserved it."

He supposed that he was just going to continue saying that to himself until he came to terms with what he'd done. It wasn't as though Rias was wrong about the sort of life he was stuck with. Eventually he was going to end up coming to blows with someone else like Crouch, perhaps even Voldemort himself, and that person wasn't going to hold back like his supposed professor clearly did in their fight. If it came down to killing or being killed, he knew what outcome he preferred. He had too much to live for and had seen enough that day to know just how fleeting life could be.

"Harry?" Rias asked, and he looked over at the doorway, his jaw dropping as he saw her.

She had changed again, this time into a silk bathrobe that barely went lower than her hips and which he didn't think she was wearing anything underneath of. Those suspicions were confirmed a moment later, when she opened the robe and let it fall freely, pooling at her feet.

"I thought you might want to...get your mind off of today," Rias cooed, walking slowly towards him and rolling her hips exaggeratedly as she went.

"Well, this is definitely working," Harry said, putting on his glasses and letting his eyes feast on her generous curves.

Every inch of her body was perfect; from the large, impossibly perky breasts that he knew had to be a result of devil physiology, to her narrow waist, to her wide hips, thick thighs, and long legs, she was a goddess. With a wave of her hand, he was naked, and his long, thick cock rose almost instantly to the occasion.

"You handled yourself well today," Rias said as she reached him. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she added, "From start to finish, you showed that you can follow orders in situations like that, contributed repeatedly, and didn't shirk away from the more unpleasant parts."

"Today might have had a few firsts for me, but it wasn't my first time in danger," Harry replied, placing his hands on her hips.

Rias kissed him, and he lost himself in her passion immediately, wanting nothing more than to focus on her and not the myriad issues floating through his mind. They hadn't known each other all that long, but she had already become a source of calm and comfort for him that he craved. He returned the kiss hungrily, brushing his tongue against hers to draw it out and groaning as she sucked on it.

"I want her forever," he thought to himself, pulling her in until she climbed into his lap.

Forever?

Forever could be an awfully long time for devils, and yet he found himself liking the thought of that more and more as they continued to kiss. He rolled her onto her back and kissed a trail down the slender column of her neck, making her moan softly. The sound went straight to his cock, which throbbed with need, but he knew that before he buried himself inside her tight, wet heat, he had to taste her again.

"Oh, Harry!" Rias sighed as he cupped her massive breasts and sucked on one of her nipples. "Make me scream so loud that my aunt knows exactly what a man you are."

Harry chuckled at that and switched to the other nipple.

"What's her deal anyway?" Harry asked before quickly returning to her breasts.

"Not much," Rias replied. "Most devil noblewomen are sniping harpies at the best of times and she's no different. She and my mother were the best of friends growing up, to hear her talk about them, but when they grew older and started seeking husbands, they began to drift apart. Minobella married Hafaer Agares, one of the wealthiest lords, and one far wealthier than my own father, but then my mother had Sirzechs."

"I guess no one can compete with that," Harry chuckled, kissing his way down along her flat belly.

"Nnagh," Rias cried as he gave her clit a teasing kiss. "No, though the Agares' grew much wealthier after the invention of the evil pieces."

"Why?" Harry asked, peppering her inner thighs with kisses.

"They're made from crystals found only in...oh fuck...their territory," Rias replied, her nails digging into his scalp as she tried to pull him closer to her dripping quim. "It still doesn't compare with being the mother of the most powerful devil in the Underworld, something not helped by the fact that my aunt only managed to have a child very recently, but it does give her something in their proverbial dick measuring contest."

Harry snorted at that and gave her glistening nether lips a long lick with the flat of his tongue, making her moan loudly. Deciding that he'd heard enough for now, he feasted on her pussy, digging his fingers into her thighs and holding her in place as he lapped up her copious fluids.

"Oh fuck, that feels amazing," Rias whimpered. "You've gotten so good at that, baby."

"How could I not?" Harry chuckled. "I get enough practice."

"Not nearly enough," Rias disagreed vehemently. "I could have you eat me out night and day."

"That might be a fun challenge when the school year's over," Harry murmured. "We could see just how many times I could make you cum on my tongue in one day."

"It's a date," Rias moaned, "something we've yet to actually go on, really."

"You took me to three beautiful places in Italy today," Harry chuckled. "That doesn't count?"

"Hardly AHHH!" Rias screamed as he sucked her clit into his mouth and vibrated his tongue against it hard.

He held her thrashing body down as she came so hard that she squirted all over his face, continuing to speak parseltongue against her throbbing little clit. Her thighs squeezed his head gently, and he reveled in the feeling of her soft skin against him, bothered only by the fact that she muffled the sounds of her own screams. He held her in constant orgasmic ecstasy for a couple minutes, watching as her eyes rolled back and her entire body became covered in a sheen of sweat that made her look even more beautiful. Eventually, he relented, and she fell limp instantly, breathing hard, as though she'd just run a marathon.

"I'll never...get used to...that," Rias panted.

"That'll make two of us, I'm sure," Harry chuckled, licking his lips.

"I want you...inside me," Rias panted.

"Do you want me to give you a minute?" Harry asked, and when she shook her head, he grinned.

Fisting his length, he climbed into bed, lined himself up, and sank to the hilt inside her in one fluid motion. Fluid was the right word too, because she was incredibly wet, and Harry took a moment to just enjoy the feeling of her slick heat encasing his cock. Looking down into her eyes, he saw his own adoration reflected back at him and kissed her tenderly. She wrapped her arms and legs around him as he pulled most of his cock from her snug depths and thrust forward again.

"I love your cock so much!" Rias gasped, running her hands down along his muscular back. "You make me feel so wonderfully full."

Harry grinned and kissed her languidly as he set a slower pace than they usually fucked at. He was perfectly capable of the more frenetic sex they loved in that moment, but he wanted something softer and gentler. Rias didn't object at all, happy enough to rock her body up against his in time with his slow thrusts.

"You're so tight," Harry groaned against her neck. "You feel so good."

She pulled him for another gentle kiss, and he let all the stress of the day and everything else melt away as the two continued to make love. He kept up that slow, gentle pace for a while, neither of them in any hurry to change things, until Rias finally broke the kiss.

"Harder," Rias whispered, reaching up to cup his cheeks and rake her nails along his scalp.

He shivered at her tongue and picked up his pace, grinning as she cried out in pleasure almost immediately. The bed rocked under them, and Rias reached behind her, digging her fingers into the sheets behind her so hard that her knuckles turned white. Her beautiful face was a picture of pleasure as he fucked her harder and faster. It still wasn't as hard as normal, but it was enough that her gorgeous breasts started jiggling across her chest.

When he felt her tight tunnel start to flutter around him, he knew that she was getting close and changed his angle slightly, seeking out that spot deep inside her that always made her scream. He licked the salt sweat from her neck and nibbled her earlobe, making her whimper, as he tried a few times to find what he was looking for.

"Oh fuck!" Rias screamed as he finally did, and Harry grinned.

Picking up his pace again, he hit that deep spot with each hard thrust, drawing a sharp cry from her full lips over and over until, finally, she came hard.

"HARRY!" she shrieked at the top of her lungs, her tight cunt spasming around and milking his pistoning cock as she came.

Harry had gotten much better at lasting since the first time he slept with Rias, and could usually hold out better than this, but after the emotionally draining day he'd had, he wanted nothing more than to finish inside her and let go with a strangled cry of her name. The two lovers writhed in each other's arms as pleasure consumed them.

"Needed that," Harry panted against her neck as he came down from the high of his orgasm.

Rias just smiled lovingly at him and rolled them over. Moving upward until the last of his cock slipped from her leaking slit with a wet plop, she settled her head on his chest and smiled widely as he wrapped his arms around her.

"I'll always be here for you," she whispered, her voice thick with emotion.

"Lo…" Harry went to say, when the door to their room opened.

"Ahh, I missed it," Akeno complained, and Harry just laughed.

"Hello, Akeno," Rias said dryly, rolling onto her back and glaring peevishly at her queen. "How'd it go?"

"I helped Matteo get back into his place, fulfilled Lord Ajuka's order, and brought the ingredient to Agreas," Akeno replied. "He said that the ritual should be ready in a couple days."

"Was there any trouble?" Harry asked.

"No, but Matteo will move anyway," Akeno replied. "It's something he said he does a lot anyway."

"Ajuka mentioned that," Harry nodded, yawning. "I hope whatever he has in mind works."

"He's probably the smartest man in the Underworld," Rias said. "If he thinks it will work, it very likely will, and you know I'll never stop looking for a way to free you from that thing in your head."

"That makes two of us," Akeno replied, and Harry blinked repeatedly as his eyes went misty.

"Thank you, both of you," he whispered, not trusting his voice.

Rias smiled at him, and her smile turned feral as she looked over at Akeno and said, "You might have missed watching us have sex, but you know very well that one round is never enough for Harry here."

"That's true," Akeno said, grinning and spelling her clothes off immediately.

Harry took in the sight of her curvaceous form and felt his cock twitch.

"If you want to really get him ready, there's one thing he loves watching us do more than anything," Rias purred, spreading her legs wide and crooking a finger to beckon Akeno over.

Akeno looked down at Rias' gaping pussy and the river of cum leaking from it and climbed into bed.

"Fuck, you're a good girl," Rias moaned as the brunette started lapping at her folds.

As Harry watched Akeno slurp his cum out of Rias' pussy, he felt his cock grow rapidly hard and finally put all thoughts of the day he'd had out of his mind. It had been incredibly difficult, and he was sure that it would haunt his dreams for some time to come, but he had survived and would move on. His life was likely never going to lack battles to fight, and he would have to rise to each challenge to come if he wanted to continue surviving. To do that, he needed to get stronger, and with Rias and Akeno on his side, he knew that he would.

"Fuck me, Harry," Akeno moaned before burying her face back between Rias' thighs.

Harry grinned and moved behind the brunette, lined himself up with her dripping slit, and buried himself to the hilt in one long thrust.

With perks like this to enjoy, how could he not dedicate himself completely to becoming the sort of warrior Rias wanted to make him into?
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:MyddynEmrys, ZealJD, A Simurgh Plot and 508 others
voivode_writer
Aug 20, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 10 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Sep 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#236
"Welcome back," Luna said as Harry appeared in the Room of Requirement. "Rias' familiar is so cute!"

"Hi, Luna," Harry said tiredly as he stumbled into the room and sat down in the chair that quickly appeared next to him.

His threesome with Rias and Akeno had greatly improved his mood after everything he'd been through, but that quickly evaporated as he saw Luna and Hermione and was reminded of the conversation he was going to have to have with them.

"She took you out of Hogwarts?" Hermione asked peevishly.

"No, she didn't," Harry replied, shaking his head. "Ajuka Beelzebub, one of the most powerful devils in all existence, yanked me out of Hogwarts because he needed to talk to me about something."

"Beelzebub?" Hermione asked. "I know that name, though I can't recall the specifics."

"No relation, actually," Harry said. "It's a title more than anything. Listen, you two might want to sit down."

"What's wrong?" Luna asked, getting the room to create two chairs and sitting down in one of them.

"Ajuka's been researching my scar for weeks now," Harry explained as Hermione sat down as well.

"Why?" Hermione asked, furrowing her brow.

"My original deal with Rias was that I would take her virginity and, in return, she would make me a devil," Harry replied, wincing as his old friend's eyes went wide with shock.

"You wanted to become...they can make humans into devils?" Hermione asked, rushing to her feet.

"It would have made dealing with the dragon simple," Harry explained.

"Dealing with the dragon turned out to be simple," Hermione countered.

"Not really," Harry said. "There were protections on the egg to prevent summoning. Ajuka gave me something to get through them after the devil transformation failed. He then started running tests to find out why it had failed because it never had before."

"And it turned out to have something to do with your scar?" Luna asked.

"Yes," Harry replied, signaling for Hermione to sit back down. When she did, he continued, saying, "When Voldemort murdered my parents all those years ago, as we know, he tried to kill me and failed. His spell rebounded on him, destroying his body and leaving me with this little reminder of the encounter. He also created a connection between us."

"A connection?" Luna asked.

"I guess this hasn't come up yet," Hermione replied before he could. "Harry's scar burns when he's close to Voldemort...I assume you told her that he's not dead, right?"

"Yes," Harry replied. "I also dream of him, but the dreams are more than just dreams, they're visions."

"That sounds really bad," Luna murmured, looking concerned.

"You have no idea," Harry laughed humorlessly. "Ajuka was able to figure out what it was and, as a result, why the dark dickhead isn't dead yet."

"Even Professor Dumbledore couldn't answer that question," Hermione said. "I suppose it would make sense for the devils to have a greater understanding of dark magic than any of us."

"Voldemort is functionally immortal because he's created something known as a horcrux," Harry explained, "and Ajuka believes that he's actually created more than one."

"What's a horcrux?" Luna asked.

"It's a fragment of a person's soul, torn free with an act of cold-blooded murder, and ritually sealed inside an object," Harry replied, trying not to react as they both went pale. "As long as one of them exists on Earth, the person who made it cannot move on and so can return to life."

"A phylactery," Hermione breathed. When Harry gave her a questioning look, she added, "It's a concept from muggle fantasy fiction, though they wrote of it as a vessel created to store an entire soul. You're saying that he made more than one of these things?"

"Yes," Harry replied grimly, "and Ajuka believes that because he did so and made his soul unstable, when he was killed by his own rebounded spell, another piece tore off and attached itself to the nearest living thing."

"No," Luna whimpered, realizing what he meant immediately.

"That's not...no!" Hermione exclaimed. "That…"

"Makes sense," Harry said, shaking his head glumly. "It explains the connection between us, which even Dumbledore couldn't make sense of. It even explains why I can speak parseltongue when neither of my parents could."

"But that would mean…" Luna went to say.

"As long as the horcrux inside me exists, he cannot die," Harry confirmed.

"We...we have to tell Professor Dumbledore!" Hermione exclaimed, standing up and pacing about the room. "He must have some idea how to deal with this."

"Dumbledore can't help us," Harry said. "Ajuka managed to figure out in a month what he couldn't in over a decade. As brilliant as the headmaster is, this just isn't his area of expertise and beyond that, I...don't want other people knowing what my scar is."

"Why?" Hermione asked.

"There's only one traditional way to deal with a horcrux, Hermione," Harry replied. "I'm not saying that I think he'd do anything to me, but if the only way to make sure that Voldemort never hurts anyone else is to...deal with that horcrux...is it worth it to save one life if it might lead to the deaths of thousands?"

"No!" Hermione shouted, tears streaming down her face as she rushed over to him. Wrapping her arms around him, she hissed, "There has to be another way!"

"What did Ajuka say?" Luna asked, looking just as horrified as Hermione.

"He thinks that there might be another solution," Harry replied, and Hermione pulled back to look up at him, a glimmer of hope in her tear filled brown eyes. "Rias, Akeno, and I just got back from Italy, where he sent us after a reagent of some kind for a ritual he's working on."

"And this ritual will remove the horcrux?" Hermione asked.

"No," Harry replied. "The ritual will put my soul in a coma, allowing the fragment of Voldemort to surface so that he can be interrogated."

"Soul in a coma?" Hermione balked. "Is that safe?"

"Probably," Harry shrugged. When the brunette glared at him, he added, "I trust that he knows what he's doing. The failure of the evil pieces; the things they use to make people into devils, is a really big deal for him, and he wants to get it to work just for his own peace of mind. Once he can talk to Voldemort, he can force him to tell him where the other horcruxes are. The plan is to have Rias' brother, Sirzechs, practice on them until he can safely destroy a soul fragment without harming the host object."

"He can do that?" Hermione asked.

"Sirzechs is the most powerful devil in the underworld," Luna replied. "If anyone can pull this off, it would be him."

"If worst comes to worst, he can destroy the other horcruxes, and then I can go to the Underworld for a moment," Harry said. "As long as none of the horcruxes remain on Earth, even for a moment, Voldemort's soul will pass on, and we'll be rid of him. When I die down the line, then the last one will go with me, and that will be that."

"You won't become a devil then, though," Luna said

"No," Harry muttered sadly.

"You want to be a devil?" Hermione asked, confused.

"I like Rias and Akeno, I really do," Harry replied, "and they could live for millenia, remaining young pretty much the whole time. If I'm stuck as a mortal, even if wizards often live longer than muggles, I'll grow old and die while they remain young and live."

"And they can't just pull an Arwen," Hermione said.

"Pull a what?" Harry asked.

"Remind me to buy you the Lord of the Rings trilogy," Hermione muttered. "I can't believe you've had a piece of that monster inside you all these years. How are you doing?"

"That's not even the most fucked-up thing I've come across over the last couple days," Harry muttered, sitting back down.

"What could be worse than that?" Hermione asked.

Harry took a few minutes to tell them an abridged version of his adventures in Italy, watching them both grow pale and then green as he got to the part about the massacre near Turin.

"Wha...how in the world could the church justify something like that?" Hermione asked, completely aghast.

"They've justified worse," Luna replied.

"Centuries ago, perhaps, but not…" Hermione argued.

"Rias figures that it was a rogue element that will quickly be excommunicated," Harry cut her off.

"They should be in prison!" Hermione exclaimed.

"They remain committed enemies of the devils and therefore useful to Heaven," Harry said. "When the Ty...God created the angels, he made it clear that there were certain sins they couldn't commit without falling from grace forever. This is war, though, and in war, certain unpleasant things need to be done. To get around that, the angels, and through them, the church, have made use of certain rogue elements at times to do their dirty work and then cast them out."

"Wouldn't they then turn against the angels?" Luna asked.

"Some would, but they've usually been turned into such fanatics by that point that the focus of their hatred and insanity remains the devils," Harry replied. "Rias figures that the psychos in this case will be excommunicated, though not before the church confiscates their research, so they can make use of it, and they'll end up joining up with the fallen angels to continue the good fight with them."

"That's so evil, though," Hermione said.

"You'll hear no argument from me," Harry muttered. "I have no idea how that poor kid's going to recover from this. Those pieces of shit deserved worse than we…"

"You?" Hermione asked.

Harry paused for a moment, weighing the pros and cons of telling them everything. Eventually, he decided that he'd lied to Hermione enough.

"Hermione, I'm sorry that I didn't tell you about all of this sooner," he said. "I tried to justify it by thinking that I didn't know what you'd do in response, trying to protect me, but the truth is that I felt overwhelmed by all the shit going on this year and just didn't want to have to deal with you worrying about this as well. I should have been honest with you and just taken the time to explain my reasoning, though, and I'm sorry that I didn't."

"Harry, given everything with the tournament, I understand why you did what you did, and if you hadn't, we might never have learned about the horcrux," Hermione said. "I care about you more than I could say, and if I think that you're doing something needlessly dangerous, I will tell you, but know that you can trust me with anything. I'm on your side, come what may, and I need to know that you know that."

"I do," Harry smiled. His smile fell as he continued, saying, "I killed one of the guards who was pursuing Isaiah."

"You…" Hermione said.

"He was an evil man, Harry," Luna declared, giving him a reassuring look.

"You saved an innocent boy's life," Hermione added. "It's unfortunate, but given that…"

"Isaiah was out of danger, and the guard was already incapacitated," Harry cut her off. "Rias and Akeno wanted me to kill him, and so I did."

"Why?" Hermione asked, her eyes narrowing.

"Because Voldemort could return to life at any point, rally the troops, most of whom he wouldn't even need to break out of prison because they're walking around free and running the fucking government, and then I'd be stuck facing an army of lunatics that want me and my loved ones dead," Harry explained heatedly. Taking a deep breath, he calmed himself and added, "Rias is right; I can't expect other people to defend me all the time, and if Voldemort or one of the Death Eaters comes at me intending to kill me, I need to be able to respond in kind. I'll see that evil prick's face when I close my eyes for a while, but given what he did, I can't bring myself to truly regret killing him."

"Pacifism only works in times of peace," Luna said lightly. "I trust your judgment, Harry."

"I trust you too, but…" Hermione trailed off, looking conflicted. "I don't want you to let anyone, be it the devils or the Death Eaters, change who you are."

"I don't either, but it's high time I grew up," Harry said. "There's a war coming, in all likelihood, and I can't be caught on the back foot if it arrives. If the only way to save your life some day is to land a blasting curse between Voldemort's or Lucius Malfoy's eyes, I can't still be the sort of guy who would hesitate to do that."

"Harry," Hermione said mournfully.

"Hey," Harry said, standing up and wrapping his arms around her. "I'm still going to be me, Mione; that won't change, but I'm going to need to be a version of me capable of defending the people I love."

"Harry," Hermione breathed, looking up into his wide eyes as he realized what he just said.

Before he could say any of the awkward things on the tip of his tongue, a tiny blonde missile crashed into them, wrapping her arms around them both.

"We'll be right there with you," Luna whispered, "as will Rias and Akeno. You won't have to deal with this alone."

"That's right," Hermione said adamantly.

Harry hugged them more tightly, swallowing thickly as the show of support made his heart swell. It had been an incredibly difficult day, one that he couldn't believe wasn't over yet, but knowing that he had people in his life who loved and supported him made it all tolerable.

"Now, your presents are likely waiting on your bed still," Hermione said. "Shall we?"

"That sounds great," Harry smiled.

"I know a shortcut!" Luna exclaimed, and a door appeared in the middle of the nearest wall.

"Huh?" Harry asked.

"Something we discovered about this room when we learned that you were in the hospital wing last night," Hermione explained as Luna opened the door to reveal Harry's dorm, which was luckily empty.

"Oh, wow," Harry laughed lightly.

"This place is pretty incredible," Hermione said. "I'm looking forward to really testing out its limits when we have a moment to spare."

"I'm sure you will," Harry grinned before heading with Luna towards his dorm room.

Hermione watched him go, feeling rather pensive. Few of the things that she'd learned in that conversation were pleasant, and under any other circumstances, she might have been left more worried about his association with the devils than she was before, but given what he'd said about his scar, that was a moot point.

"I'd expect the devils to know more about that sort of thing than any wizard, probably including Voldemort," she thought to herself. "If they're able to help him deal with it and the others, to save him from that monster once and for all, how could I object to that?"

Swallowing her remaining reservations, she decided to follow his lead in this, at least for now. She'd be checking the restricted section for any possible reference to Horcruxes, of course, unwilling to completely trust that the devils were being entirely forthcoming.

Her parents weren't excessively religious, but they attended church often enough when she was growing up. Her very religious, High Anglican grandmother, who wouldn't have been told about her magic even if they could have before she died during her second year, had been an influence on her, and even though she hadn't seen the inside of a church in years, the idea of coming to rely on devils was unsettling to her. Rias did seem to genuinely care about Harry, though, and considering how much trouble he was in, he'd need all the help and care he could get.

She'd be keeping an eye on them, as best she could, and making sure that Harry was safe, but that would be for later. For now, she was going to do everything she could to help take Harry's mind off of all of this, at least for the rest of the day.

Her mind made up, she followed him through the door, which promptly disappeared behind her.

*****

"This is deeply disturbing," Sirzechs said as Rias finished giving her more detailed report to the four Satans.

"Horrifying," Rias agreed. "This Valper Galilei is one of the most vile humans I've ever had the misfortune of learning of."

"Oh, his callousness is par for the course with his type," Sirzechs said. "I meant his research. The idea of the angels managing to make anyone capable of wielding holy swords…"

"It would eliminate a significant disadvantage from their side," Ajuka scowled.

Rias schooled her features and tried not to demonstrate her irritation with her brother. He was so laid-back and carefree most of the time that it was easy to forget that he was millenia old and had seen countless untold horrors in his time. The aeons hadn't made him as cold as Ajuka, but when the need arose for him to be serious, that laid-back attitude could melt like ice under the summer sun. As young as she was, Rias could still be disturbed at times, and the massacre of the children had disturbed her more than she'd let on.

"The priests and the mercenaries escaped?" Serafall asked, frowning.

"My men were on the scene within moments of Rias giving me her report, but they weren't able to find any trace of them," Sirzechs replied. "They swept the bunker and found no documentation left behind, either."

"And the children?" Rias asked.

"The local authorities were notified," Sirzechs replied. "That will give the church a minor headache, though I'm sure they'll cover it up well enough."

"So we do nothing and wait to see if this Galilei figure pops up again," Falbium sighed, lazily running his fingers through his goatee.

"Sadly, in this instance, there isn't much more we can do," Ajuka said.

"If I had known this was as serious as all this, I'd have looked into it myself," Serafall said. "Tearing apart those mean old priests would have been super fun, and it's not like heaven wouldn't have just washed their hands of them anyway."

"They'll almost certainly end up allied with the fallen," Falbium commented.

"Azazel's been quiet for a very long time now," Sirzechs said, tapping his fingers on his desk as he considered all that he'd heard from his sister. "He likely wouldn't have much use for people as wretched as these, but I can think of several among his ranks who would be happy to use them."

"A problem for another day," Serafall said. "Was there anything else? Because I need to get back to filming."

"I've gone over everything that I have," Rias said.

"That'll be all," Sirzechs confirmed, and no sooner had he said that, than Serafall's formal clothing was instantly replaced by her magical girl outfit.

Rias' lips quirked upward at the display, having always found Serafall entertaining, in part because Sona really didn't.

"Good bye, all," Serafall said cheerfully. "Rias, tell Sona I miss her, and love her, and think about her every day."

"Oh, I will," Rias grinned as the Leviathan disappeared inside a pink ritual circle.

"Call me if anything else comes up," Falbium yawned as he disappeared as well.

"Given how late we were in learning about the operation at all, I'm pleased with how things turned out," Sirzechs said, "and proud of how you handled it. We might not have gotten our hands on their research or killed the man behind it, but we still learned more than we would have otherwise, and you even got a new member of your peerage out of it."

"Yes, about that," Rias said, preening internally under his praise. "My new knight is going to have a very difficult time getting through this, I'm sure. Helping Akeno through the aftermath of her ordeal was one thing, but I had plenty of help, and she didn't have to deal with both coming to terms with her family's attempt to kill her and adjusting to becoming a devil at the same time. By the time I made her my queen, she had had some time to move on."

"It will be difficult," Sirzechs admitted. "That resilience you mentioned sensing in him is going to be tested, but there is every chance that he'll get through to the other side of this much stronger for it."

"I was wondering if I might be able to borrow Souji for a while," Rias said. "Given his experience, both as a knight in your service, and everything before that, I think he might be able to channel the all-consuming rage I expect Kiba to have when he wakes into something constructive."

"You want to make your new knight a squire of sorts to my knight," Sirzechs chuckled, amused by the idea. "Souji Okita is one of the most capable trainers I've ever met. If Kiba is as difficult as you imagine he'll be, then I'll gladly have him work to forge the boy into a proper knight."

"Thank you," Rias said. "Will that be all?"

"There is one other thing," Ajuka said. "Inform Harry that the ritual will be ready in a week's time. It's turned out to be rather more complicated than I first thought, and will take a few more days than I believed."

"I'll tell him," Rias replied. "Out of curiosity, how exactly do you intend to get the information out of the soul fragment inside him?"

"I still can't believe that's what turned out to be the problem," Sirzechs murmured, shaking his head.

"This is probably the only time in history that someone has accidentally created a horcrux," Ajuka said, narrowing his eyes. "If I ever get my hands on that blithering idiot, I will tear what remains of his soul apart myself for wasting my time. To answer your question, Rias, Harry won't be harmed. In fact, I think he might be somewhat amused by what I have in mind, but I will say no more. Keep me informed of any further developments, old friend."

"Will do," Sirzechs said, smiling at Ajuka as he disappeared.

"Alright, I need to return to Kuoh," Rias said. "Grayfia's promised to contact me when Kiba wakes up, and I'd like to get some sleep before then."

"I am proud of how you handled things, Rias," Sirzechs said. "Intervening only when it was clear that things had gone very poorly for the church was the right call. That you managed to get both the information about what they were up to and a potential ally against them is commendable."

"Thank you," Rias smiled.

"If not sooner than that, I'll see you when you bring the first horcrux for me to deal with," Sirzechs said.

"You've never tried this before?" Rias asked.

"I've destroyed them in the past, but never specifically the soul fragment inside them," Sirzechs replied. "It will require using the Power of Destruction with surgical precision beyond what I've done before, but I'm confident that I'll manage it."

"I hope so," Rias muttered.

"Hey, we'll find a way," Sirzechs said reassuringly. "Take care."

"You as well," Rias replied before returning to her home in Japan.

*****

"Ah, Mr. Potter," Professor McGonagall said, approaching the rather empty Gryffindor table the next morning. "The headmaster asked me to inform you that you're to report to his office today after supper."

"Did he say what this was regarding?" Harry asked, having a pretty good idea but wanting confirmation.

"He said that a couple officials from the ministry wanted to get your account of the night of the Yule Ball," the professor replied, giving him a knowing look. "He also said to reassure you that you are not in trouble and to tell you that his favorite candies are gobstoppers."

"I'll keep all that in mind, professor," Harry said.

"That vile cow!" Hermione hissed.

"What's wrong?" Harry asked, looking over to find Hermione glaring down at the Daily Prophet.

"Oh, dear," Luna sighed sadly as she looked over Hermione's shoulder.

"Dumbledore's giant mistake?" Harry asked, reading the title. "What in the world?"

"It's a hit piece on Hagrid," Hermione replied, handing him the paper. Looking up at the high table, she noticed that the man wasn't anywhere to be seen and sighed. "He must have already seen it."

"I'm starting to really hate this Skeeter woman," Harry growled as he read over the full page of filth about how Hagrid was ill-suited to his role because of his giant heritage.

"I thought everyone knew that Hagrid was a half-giant," Luna replied, furrowing her brow. "I always figured he was the product of forbidden love between a giantess and a human man who was devastatingly well-hu…"

"That little shit!" Harry hissed as he read what Malfoy had said to the reporter in question. "You'd think he'd be done hamming up that mild cut he suffered due to his own stupidity last year. It was bad enough; he tried to have Buckbeak killed."

"He didn't even have the stones to be in the castle when this dropped," Hermione muttered, looking over at the Slytherin table. "We should go see Hagrid, Harry."

"Yeah," Harry agreed, setting down the paper.

"I'll come along," Luna said, joining them as they stood up. "I've always been fond of Hagrid."

"Luna, try to keep any pet theories you have about his parents to yourself while we're there," Hermione said.

"Of course," Luna replied airily. "No one like to think about their own conception."

The three of them made their way out towards Hagrid's hut, finding the door locked when they arrived.

"Hagrid, it's Harry!" Harry called out. "I'm here with Hermione and Luna Lovegood."

Hagrid opened the door, and Harry winced at how miserable the man looked.

"'llo, you two, Luna," Hagrid said, his voice sounding hoarse. "Don't really feel up to having guests right now."

"Hagrid, we read the article that vile woman wrote about you," Hermione said. "Know that it doesn't change how we feel about you at all."

"That's right," Harry added.

"I already knew," Luna smiled up at him.

"Course you did, Luna," Hagrid said, shaking his head. "Fine, come in."

The three of them followed him inside his cabin, finding it more unkempt than usual, and Fang whined at his master as he rejoined him, putting his giant head in the man's lap as he sat down.

"Least I still 'ave you," Hagrid grumbled as he started scratching behind Fang's ears.

"You still have all of us," Harry said. "We couldn't care less about who your mum is."

"That's kind a yeh to say, but look at what some of the others said," Hagrid lamented, tossing his own, quite wrinkled copy of the paper at him.

"That's just Malfoy being a prick," Harry spat. "He's just like his father, and you know what a terrible excuse for a person Lucius Malfoy is."

"Well, yeh've a point there," Hagrid said.

"How did Skeeter even find out about this?" Hermione asked. "I thought the headmaster banned her from the castle."

"Rita Skeeter's always been a right...well, I'm sure yeh can guess," Hagrid replied. "Even as a little girl, she was always mean. Told her off fer bullying more than once I did, but it never stuck. The only one I've told about me mum fer a good while was…"

He trailed off there, looking even more stricken at that.

"Hagrid?" Harry asked.

"It weren't her," Hagrid said flatly.

"Well, however she found out about it, please don't let it get you down," Harry said warmly. "Even if your mum was like Skeeter wrote, which I doubt because she lies about everything, it wouldn't matter. We're not defined by our relatives, Hagrid. You know perfectly well that I'm nothing like the Dursleys."

"Yer right bout that," Hagrid smiled, though it didn't reach his eyes. "Listen, you three, it was really sweet of yehs to come see me like this, but I've a headache to nurse and a big ole mutt to feed."

"We'll get out of your hair," Hermione said. "I just hope that you didn't take any of that nonsense to heart. We all love having you here, and I've really enjoyed having you as a professor."

"Coming from you, that means a lot," Hagrid mumbled. "To be honest, I had started to wonder if I should hang it up."

"Please don't," Luna pleaded. "You're great with magical animals, and your lessons are always so straightforward and fun."

Hagrid smiled again and said, "Nah, don't worry. I'm not going anywhere so long as Professor Dumbledore still wants me here."

"I'm glad to hear it, Hagrid," Harry said.

The three of them said their goodbyes and left the hut.

"Harry, do you have the map on you?" Hermione asked.

"I'll probably never leave without it again," Harry muttered, reaching into his mokeskin pouch and pulling it out. "Why?"

"It's possible that Skeeter just has sources within the school," Hermione said, "as I'm sure that Malfoy his ilk would happily do her dirty work, but I'm also wondering if she hasn't been sneaking about the castle itself."

"Did you ever see her while you were looking at the map?" Harry asked, handing it over.

"No," Hermione replied, "but I could have just missed her, and if she's as much of a sadistic bitch as I think she is, I would expect her to come by today to see the reaction to her work. I solemnly swear that I'm up to no good."

"Wow, I don't think I've ever looked at it during the holidays before," Harry murmured, noting just how sparsely populated the castle was just then.

"Well, I don't…" Hermione went to say.

"There!" Luna exclaimed, pointing right at one of the far corners of the grounds.

Sure enough, Rita Skeeter's name was there, and she was moving rather slowly towards Hagrid's hut.

"You called it," Harry said. "She's coming this way."

Reaching back into the pouch, he pulled out his invisibility cloak and threw it over his shoulders, signaling for both of them to join him. They quickly did, and he made sure that they were all fully covered as they waited for Skeeter to appear. Hermione cast a silencing charm on the cloak to ensure that no sound would get out of it, and the three of them just stood still.

"She seemed to be making a beeline for this place," Harry muttered after a minute, looking back down at the map. "Wait, there she is!"

"What?" Hermione asked, looking over his shoulder and noting the same thing.

Rita Skeeter was apparently just ten to twenty feet in front of them.

"An invisibility cloak!" Harry exclaimed, snapping his fingers. "That must be how she spies on people."

"Or she's just really good at disillusionment charms," Luna chimed in while looking over the cloak.

"What are you doing?" Hermione asked.

"Looking for marks," Luna replied simply. "Can you cast the human detection charm? I haven't mastered it yet."

"I was just about to," Hermione replied. "Hominem Revelio."

She gasped then, startling Harry.

"What?" he asked.

"It's not a cloak, nor is it a charm," Hermione said, sounding excited. "She's there, but she's tiny. Insect-sized, I'd say."

"An animagus," Harry breathed. "Oh, that makes so much sense."

"She can't be registered," Hermione gushed, practically salivating at the prospect of getting one over on the nuisance. "Come, let's try and see what she is."

The three of them slowly made their way over to Hagrid's hut and, looking at the window, found a very colorful beetle on it, peering inside the small stone building.

"I'd have guessed cockroach, but this works," Harry said, and Hermione snorted.

"I'll stun her and we can take her somewhere privately to talk," Hermione said, pointing her wand at the beetle.

Just as she was about to poke the wand through the seam of the cloak, Luna pulled her arm back and hissed, "Wait!"

"What?" Hermione asked.

"What exactly are you planning?" Luna asked.

"I'm going to blackmail her into leaving us alone," Hermione replied. "Being an unregistered animagus is a serious crime, and there's no way that word wouldn't have spread about what she is if she were registered."

"You heard Hagrid, Hermione, Rita Skeeter has been hurting people all her life," Luna replied. "Blackmailing her might work for a while, but it's not going to work forever."

"What would you suggest, then?" Hermione asked.

"I have an idea," Luna replied, "but I'd rather run it by Rias first. She's more conniving than I am and could probably help me workshop what I have in mind. If you don't like what we come up with, I'm sure you'll get another opportunity to confront Skeeter down the line. She'll be back here while there's still opportunities for stories, and you know how to find her."

"I suppose," Hermione said, putting her wand away.

"Harry, are you busy?" Rias asked through their mental connection.

"Not really, what's up?" Harry replied, drawing a confused look from Hermione, which made him realize he'd said that out loud.

"Rias," Luna explained.

"Akeno and I are free and were wondering if we could come by," Rias said. "Akeno would like to meet your friend now that she knows about us."

"Sure," Harry replied. Turning to the others, he said, "Rias and Akeno wanted to come by. Do you two want to join me in the room?"

"Why not?" Hermione asked as Luna nodded emphatically.

"Alright, we'll be there in a few," Harry replied.

The three of them left Hagrid's hut, deciding to put a pin in their reporter problem for the moment. The castle remained blissfully empty, and they made remarkable time in getting all the way to the seventh-floor corridor that had become their most frequented spot in recent weeks.

"Rias Gremory and Akeno Himejima," Harry called out, holding one of the summoning papers in front of him.

As they appeared, Hermione asked, "How exactly do those work?"

"They're charmed to act as mobile, simplified summoning rituals," Rias replied. "An invention of Ajuka Beelzebub's, they make it far easier for mortals to summon us, since otherwise they'd normally need to undergo the more extensive ritual that Harry used the first time."

As the redhead handed another paper to Harry, Hermione's eyes fell on the second woman he'd summoned. With purple eyes, long, black hair, a hauntingly beautiful face, and perhaps an even better body than Rias', she was utterly stunning. The fact that Harry was sleeping with both of these women, often simultaneously, by the sound of it, did not make her feel particularly great.

"Akeno, this is Hermione Granger; Hermione, this is Akeno Himejima," Harry said, introducing them.

"Ah, so you're the famous Hermione. It's nice to meet you," Akeno said warmly. With an impish grin, she added, "You're just as pretty as Harry said."

"Wha?" Hermione squeaked.

As Harry went to say something that likely would have been awkward, Luna stepped in and commented, "You really are, you know. Harry and I both couldn't take our eyes off you when you walked in with Viktor the other night."

Hermione's eyes locked onto Harry's, neither of them quite sure what to say.

"She's right," Harry murmured after a moment. "It's a pity the night went the way it did. I still owe you a dance."

"So...some other time," Hermione stammered, her face flushing as he stared down into her eyes.

"Viktor?" Akeno asked.

"My date to the ball," Hermione replied, happy for the change of subject. Turning to Harry, she said, "You should have seen what Skeeter had to say about that yesterday."

"That bad?" Harry asked.

"Let's just say that I'm really looking forward to seeing what Luna has in mind for her," Hermione replied.

At Rias' questioning look, Luna said, "A rather unpleasant reporter who's been writing terrible things about a few people we care about. I have something that I want to run past you later."

"Anything that pays her back for insinuating that I'm a gold-digging hussy, hoping from one rich pureblood to another," Hermione growled.

"Oh, did I get upgraded from a half-blood?" Harry asked sarcastically.

"Given that I'm muggleborn, I think that's the only distinction that matters to them," Hermione replied.

"I'm sorry, muggleborn? Pureblood?" Rias asked.

"Muggle is our term for mundane humans," Hermione replied. "Neither of my parents are magical, so I'm muggleborn, while because Harry's mother was muggleborn and his father was a pureblood, he's a half-blood."

Rias and Akeno looked even more confused at that explanation.

"Um, none of you are the product of normal humans," Rias said.

"What?" Hermione asked. "My parents are absolutely muggles."

"Oh, I believe you that neither of them can do magic," Rias said, "as magic can skip generations, I know, but natural, pureblood humans are not born with the gift of magic. Only the descendants of angels, devils, and other gods are so gifted."

"Wait, what?" Harry asked.

"When the Tyrant…" Rias went to explain.

"God," Harry explained to Hermione.

"...augmented the primitive humanoids of Earth into his favorite creations; he created the sacred gear system as well," Rias explained. "Sacred gears are powerful artifacts bestowed upon humans in accordance with his will. Those who possess them can perform great, miraculous feats, and because they're rare and given at seeming random, they make them seem like gifts of his, adding to his great mysteries. Then the angels screwed it all up."

"How so?" Luna asked.

"I said before that the descendants of angels, devils, and gods can perform acts of magic, and that's true, but the lion's share of them are descendants of the fallen angels," Rias replied. "Angels cannot willingly have sex without falling, as that means giving into the sin of lust, but there are many fallen angels. Of the fallen, while there are outliers who fell due to the other deadly sins, such as the general Kokabiel, who fell due to excessive wrath, the overwhelming majority fell due to lust, usually for humans."

"Wait, so we're all angels?" Harry asked, deeply confused.

"No," Rias replied with a laugh. "You inevitably descend from one, but very distantly. After a few generations of having children with normal humans, the descendants of the fallen are usually only a little stronger and more durable than they are, but the potential for magic still exists."

"How on Earth would we not know this, though?" Hermione asked, after having just listened in stunned silence up to that point.

"Well, it's not like the fallen angels usually stick around," Akeno said with surprising venom. "Often they don't even tell the human in question what they are."

"And we know that purebloods like the Malfoys often just discard squibs," Harry added. "If that's been a common practice for centuries and the squibs have gone on to have children of their own, it would be possible for magic to resurface down the line."

"And so these proud purebloods, who can trace their magical lineage back to the time of Merlin, see these random magical children appear among the muggles and wonder how that happened," Hermione sighed, realizing that did make some sense. "You're seriously telling us that we're all nephilim?"

"Um, kind of," Rias replied, looking uncomfortable. "That word is often used to describe any hybrid born to any angel of an angel."

"Man, I wish I could tell Malfoy any of this," Harry sighed, deciding not to question why she had seemed so perturbed by the subject.

"He wouldn't believe you even if you could," Hermione scoffed. "His entire worldview is based on delusions of his own apparent superiority. The fact that that's not even slightly true is funny, but again, there's no way that he'd ever accept the truth. It does make me wonder which of my parents is the descendant of squibs, though."

"It could be both, for all we know," Akeno said. "No one's quite sure why magic skips generations among the wizards and witches."

"Wait, so if we're the descendants of angels, you could still make Harry into a devil if not for his scar?" Hermione asked.

"He told you about that?" Rias asked in surprise. "Yes. There are, generally speaking, no limitations to who the evil pieces can turn into devils. Harry's case is very unique."

"Hmm, that's actually terrifying if you think about it," Hermione commented. "Your numbers are theoretically limitless."

"Oh, there are plenty of limits," Rias corrected her. "For one thing, our people's fertility rates are abysmally low, and beyond that, the crystals that are used to create the evil pieces are only found in one region of the Underworld and aren't exceedingly common. The reality is that we'll run out one of these days, and that is part of why they're made into chess pieces. Each king is limited to just fifteen servants, less if they're quite powerful and end up requiring multiple pieces of the same type."

"Ah," Hermione said, intrigued. She might not really trust the devils just yet, but she couldn't deny that they were fascinating.

"I wonder if there are any other sources of the crystals," Luna piped up.

"There have been many attempts to find more deposits over the years, despite the Agares' best efforts," Rias replied. "None have been successful."

"Hmm, anyway, Harry, have you recovered from your fight with Crouch?" Luna asked.

"Yes," Harry replied, furrowing his brow at the sudden change of subject. "I was pretty much good to go by the next morning."

"That's great," Luna gushed. "Does that mean we could have sex?"

"Luna!" Hermione exclaimed, sputtering at the sudden request.

"Oh, don't worry, you don't have to go if you don't want to," Luna smiled at the flustered brunette. "I'm going to have an audience as is."

"I...I...that…" Hermione stuttered as Harry facepalmed.

Off to the side, Akeno giggled at the display while Rias grinned.

"I need to go to the labrary...library," Hermione rushed out as her face turned beet red. "I'll see you later, Harry."

With that, she ran out of the room, leaving Harry alone with Luna, Akeno, and Rias.

"She really needs to learn how to relax," Luna said as she watched the door close behind Hermione. "She'll get a terrible wrackspurt infestation like that."

"Luna, you can't just offer to let random people watch us have sex," Harry groaned.

"Hermione's not a random person, though," Luna replied, her large blue eyes looking at him in confusion. "I just figured that letting her watch my first time might set her mind at ease for when you seduce her."

"What?!" Harry exclaimed. "I'm not seducing Hermione!"

"Really?" Luna asked. "That's sad, because she clearly wants you to, and I just figured from how you looked at her in that dress that you wanted her too."

"Hermione doesn't…" Harry went to protest.

"She very likely does," Rias interjected. "Granted, I've only met her twice now, but the way she looks at you is pretty telling."

"I…" Harry trailed off. "She's never said anything."

"Girls usually don't," Akeno grinned. "I'm afraid Rias and I have kind of spoiled you, but girls don't usually just hop on your dick like we have, no matter how impressive it is."

"If it's all the same, I'd rather not hop on your penis, Harry," Luna said. "As large as it is, I expect it to be difficult to take, though I am so looking forward to trying."

Harry closed his eyes and sat down, still processing the idea that his best friend wanted him. Hermione had been such a close friend for so long that Harry hadn't wanted to risk ruining that, but that didn't mean he hadn't noticed how her arse looked in jeans or how cute she had become, especially since she had her teeth shrunk. He had definitely noticed how amazing she looked in her dress at the ball too. If she did want him, he'd be more than willing, but he somehow doubted that she'd want all that being with him would entail.

"I somehow doubt she's jumping at the chance to share me with you three," he said after a moment.

"Time will tell," Luna said, climbing into his lap.

Harry wrapped his arms around her and stared into her silvery-blue eyes. All that he had gained in his life over the last month was because of this girl he had randomly bumped into, and he had grown very fond of her.

"You're beautiful," he murmured, brushing her long blonde hair behind her ear.

"So are you," Luna replied, smiling widely, and he chuckled at the compliment.

Cupping her cheeks, he pulled her in and pressed his lips against hers. It was just as chaste as the first time they kissed, though it didn't stay that way for long as Luna immediately moaned and pushed her tongue into his mouth. Grinning at her enthusiasm, he returned the kiss with equal passion, running his hands down towards her arse.

Rias and Akeno watched the display gleefully. They had long since decided to bring the blonde in on the fun and knew that she wanted their lover desperately. Rias was increasingly convinced that she'd make a good devil, having a naturally libertine nature that would work perfectly for a creature of sin, as well as a keen intellect and not insignificant magical talent. She had a knight, a rook, a bishop, and all of her pawns left, and she wasn't sure what would be the best fit for her, though she had already eliminated the rook.

"Mmm, oh wow, it's growing!" Luna exclaimed, reaching down to grasp Harry's cock through his pants.

"I can't blame it," Harry grunted.

"I think you two are wearing far too many clothes," Akeno said, waving her hand over the pair of them.

Before Harry could say a word, their clothing disappeared, and he was left with a very naked blonde in his lap. Luna's breasts were small but firm, sitting high on her chest with slightly oversized pink nipples, which were already hard. Her smooth, pale skin was flawless, and Harry let his eyes trail down over her flat belly until they settled on her completely hairless mound.

"As I said, beautiful," Harry whispered.

"I hope my breasts get bigger," Luna said, cupping her tits with her small hands.

"I think they're lovely," Harry rumbled, sliding a hand up along her chest until he had slid under her own hand.

Luna gasped as he kneaded her breast, leaning back a bit to give him better access to her sensitive skin.

"Bring her here, Harry," Rias said, and Harry looked up to notice her and Akeno both lying on a large, comfortable-looking bed, with not a stitch on.

Luna looked over as well, and her eyes widened as she took in the sight of them. For all her apparent voyeuristic tendencies, she had yet to watch him with either of his lovers. He expected that she'd get just such an opportunity tonight, provided he didn't tire her out before moving onto them.

She wrapped her arms and legs around him, and he stood up, carrying her to the bed. With his hands on her arse, he walked her over, kissing her again as he went, and carefully deposited her down between Rias and Akeno.

"Such an innocent little thing you are," Rias purred, brushing a finger down along Luna's cheek.

"Not for long, I hope," Luna grinned, spreading her legs wide.

"Definitely not," Akeno laughed. "I wouldn't be surprised if you left here tonight without a single virgin hole left."

Harry was struck by the sudden thought that the tiny blonde had two devils on her shoulders.

"Oh, I was planning to let Harry bugger me for his birthday," Luna said. Looking at him, she added, "That should be enough time to train my bum to take every inch of your penis."

"Fuck, Luna," Harry groaned as Akeno cackled.

"That's certainly the idea," Luna grinned.

"At least during sex, you might want to try calling it a cock," Akeno grinned. "It sounds much hotter than penis."

"Okay," Luna agreed quickly.

"Now, Harry, you're going to have to remember to be gentler with Luna than you're used to," Rias cautioned. "You've only ever slept with devils, and humans are much more fragile."

"I trust you, Harry," Luna said, making him smile.

"I guess that I'll just have to take my time and make sure that you're as ready as you possibly could be," Harry grinned.

"Does that mean parseltongue?!" Luna shivered.

"It means plenty," Harry replied, kissing her again.

Luna wrapped her arms around him as his tongue dueled hers for dominance in her mouth. As he explored her mouth with his tongue, he snaked his hands down along her sides, over her hips, and onto her thighs. Breaking the kiss, he grinned down at her for a moment and started trailing his lips along the slender column of her neck, eliciting breathy moans that made his cock throb.

"Rias," Luna said as she looked at the grinning redhead, "do you want to sit on my face? I think it would be only right, for letting Harry fuck me, and I do so want to try cunnilingus."

Rias laughed at that and said, "Later. I want you to be able to watch as Harry buries every inch of that big, thick cock inside your tiny little pussy."

Luna whimpered at that and said, "My poor vagina will never be the same again."

"I'm sure they'll grow, but even if they don't, you don't have to worry about your breasts at all," Harry said as he reached her chest. "They're gorgeous."

"I'm glad you...oh!" Luna gasped as Harry wrapped his lips around one of her nipples. "Oh my, that feels even better than I imagined."

"It feels even better when you can have them both sucked on at once," Akeno purred before joining Harry at her chest.

Luna grabbed both of their heads, snaking her fingers into their equally dark hair and holding them to her breasts. She whimpered, her mind already blown by how much better that felt than when she touched herself, and when she looked up and saw Rias grinning down at her, the sheer desire in the beautiful redhead's eyes made her core burn even hotter.

"Enjoying yourself?" Rias smirked.

"Yes," Luna replied. "I had no idea that my breasts were so sensitive."

"Wait until he's eating you out," Akeno giggled. "Your screams are going to be deafening."

The brunette returned to teasing her breast with her lips and tongue, and Luna turned back to Rias, saying, "Kiss me, please."

"How could I deny such a request?" Rias grinned before leaning down and capturing her lips.

Kissing Rias was different from kissing Harry; her lips were slightly softer and her kiss was not quite as dominating. The other woman went slowly, coaxing Luna's tongue out to play with her own and inflaming her desires ever further. She was sin and seduction personified, and the blonde already knew that she was going to adore serving her.

She had liked kissing Harry earlier, enjoying the feeling of surrendering and melting against his larger form. She hoped that he got even bigger, so he could tower over her and she could climb him like a tree. His penis was probably already on the higher end of what she could reasonably expect to fit inside herself, though, so hopefully either it stayed the same, or her vagina became stretchier.

"Ahh!" Luna cried when she felt Harry's hands spread her thighs further apart.

She looked down to see him trailing kisses along her belly and giggled when he dipped his tongue inside her naval. Shaking with need, her eyes locked onto his as he drew ever closer to her dripping cunt.

"Fuck, you smell good," Harry groaned, planting wet kisses on her inner thighs.

"Please lick me," Luna sighed. "Please, I need it so badly."

"How long have you wanted him?" Akeno asked.

"I've always thought he was handsome, but I've been dreaming of him ruining me for weeks now," Luna replied.

"This being your first time, you shouldn't be teased too much, but I would love to see how desperate you could get if we tied you down and denied you again and again for hours," Akeno purred, moving up towards her face and nibbling on her earlobe.

"I...ah, that sounds fun," Luna sighed, and Akeno laughed.

"I'm beginning to suspect that you two might get along better than I expected," Rias grinned.

"You and Harry more than satisfy my masochistic needs," Akeno said, "but I haven't had anyone to play with when I want to indulge my sadistic side."

"Just keep in mind she's mortal," Rias said.

"I'm happy to let you torment me some time just to try it," Luna said. "At least the more mild things, anyway."

Akeno kissed her deeply, and Luna moaned into the brunette's mouth, her whole body shaking in anticipation as Harry inched closer and closer to her pussy. When she first felt his long, dexterous tongue brush lightly over her nether nips, she screamed into Akeno's mouth. She had been dreaming of having Harry's sinful mouth on her for weeks, but nothing in her impressive imagination could have prepared her for the actual sensations.

"Oh, Harry, that feels...eek...so good," Luna squeaked. "Does my vagina taste good?"

"Fuck yes," Harry groaned, having long since grown fond of the taste of pussy.

The first few swipes of his tongue over her heated folds had been teasing and probing, but Luna was already dripping wet, and he didn't feel like denying her further. Diving in in earnest, he devoured her pussy, using every bit of experience he'd gained over the last month to drive her mad with pleasure. Luna's large eyes went wide as saucers, and she screamed as the pleasure overwhelmed her immediately. Her hands flew to his head, and she buried her fingers in his thick, dark hair as she held him in place.

"Oh, please don't stop, please don't stop, holy hell!" she babbled, her thighs shaking as she soared towards her peak.

She looked up to see Rias and Akeno both grinning down at her, both of them loving the sight of the innocent girl getting her first taste of true pleasure. The wickedness in their eyes only turned her on more, and when she felt Harry wrap his lips around her hard nub and start sucking, her vision went white.

"HARRY!" Luna shrieked at the top of her lungs as she came hard.

Her back arched off the bed, and myriad colors danced behind her eyes as wave after wave of pleasure beyond anything she'd ever known coursed through her body. This was going to be something she'd want to experience often, she knew at once and as her climax slowly abated, she settled back on the bed, feeling utterly relaxed. Opening her eyes, she looked down at Harry, seeing his beautiful green eyes lit up with a sort of mischievousness she'd never seen in them before. Before she could ask what he was thinking, she heard a sort of hissing sound, and she instantly came even harder than before.

"I was wondering how she'd handle that," Rias smirked as she watched the tiny blonde writhe and convulse in ecstasy as she squirted all over Harry's face.

"Seeing her face contort in pleasure makes me wonder what she'd look like in pain," Akeno tittered, biting one of her knuckles gently as she felt arousal run down her thighs. "I've thought for a while now that Luna would end up a complete hedonist if properly corrupted."

"I'm sure you'll find out," Rias said. "Now get Harry's cock nice and slick for her. We can teach her how to suck it another time."

"Hmm, gladly," Akeno purred, crawling over to them on the bed as Luna went limp.

"She lasted longer than I...oh fuck!" Harry moaned as Akeno wrapped her lips around the head of his cock and quickly took him to the root. Rolling over onto his back he grabbed her ponytail and held her head as she swallowed around him.

"I'd say you enjoyed that," Rias snorted as she gently caressed Luna's cheek.

The blonde's eyes fluttered open as she gasped for breath, panting, "Ama...zing."

"And only a taste of the pleasure you'll know in our arms," Rias purred.

Luna smiled widely up at her, taking a moment to catch her breath. As her breathing returned to normal, she asked, "Can I be your servant too? The benefits are too fun to turn down."

Rias laughed and said, "We'll see."

"Mmm, I'd happily earn it," Luna purred, ghosting her fingers over Rias' hip as she stared down at her hard pink nipples.

"Of that, I have no doubt," Rias grinned. Turning to Harry, whose moans had turned to strangled groans as Akeno did her best to suck his soul out of his cock, she said, "I think it's time."

"Oh," Akeno complained, pouting at Rias.

"It's okay, Akeno," Luna said. "If you teach me how to eat you out after Harry's done ravaging my tight little body, I'll happily feed you his load from my ruined pussy."

"Fuck, Luna," Harry groaned, feeling as hard as he could ever remember being.

"Yes, please," Luna smiled, lying back and spreading her legs wide.

Harry moved over to her and, taking his cock in hand, slapped it on her belly, marveling at how much he dwarfed her.

"Merlin's balls, you're tiny," he breathed.

"You're going to ruin me, Harry," Luna cooed, grinning up at him. "I won't even be able to feel lesser boys after you've fucked me."

"There won't be any boys," Harry growled, overcome by a sudden sense of possessiveness.

"Of course," Luna said, blinking at him. "It would be silly to try that if I wouldn't even feel them."

Rias snorted at that.

"You are mine," Harry said slowly as he lined himself up with her drooling pussy and pushed forward.

"Yes, I OH!" Luna cried, wincing as he tore through her hymen.

"Holy fuck," Harry grunted as he felt her insanely tight tunnel squeeze him.

Rias and Akeno both felt like they were made to fit him, clinging to him perfectly in a way that he had long since figured had to be demonic. Luna was almost too tight, and her hot, wet pussy felt incredible. As he looked up into her eyes, though, he saw her tearing up and quickly leaned in to kiss her softly.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

"Just hold still until she says," Rias advised.

"It's okay," Luna whispered, wrapping her arms around him tightly. "I knew it would hurt."

"Take all the time you need," Harry whispered, brushing her hair out of her face and caressing her tenderly.

She kissed him softly, and he returned it slowly, trying to take her mind off of the lingering soreness. She had tensed under him when he first pushed inside her, and as he continued kissing her and gently kneading her breasts, he felt her relax. When he felt her vice-like grip on his cock relax a little too, he figured she was ready and moved back to look at her. Luna nodded, and he pushed forward, burying another inch of his cock inside her.

"Oh, you're so big," Luna sighed dreamily.

"Just let me know if you want me to slow down," Harry said, continuing to fuck her with short little thrusts to let her get used to him as he gradually moved deeper.

"It's okay; it's starting to feel really good," Luna replied. "Does the burning go away, or is that just because you're shoving something as big as my forearm inside me?"

"It'll pass," Akeno giggled.

"Oh, but I actually kind of like it," Luna said, looking him in the eye. "I like the feeling of being stretched so wide by you."

Luna had a way of saying everything, no matter how dirty, with, that same innocent-sounding, dreamy tone she always spoke with and somehow that made her words even hotter. He continued to bury more and more of his cock inside her slowly as she cooed and whimpered, never once telling him to stop or slow down. By the time half of him was inside her pussy, he was surprised to be able to keep going, and eventually, to his amazement, he felt his large, heavy balls rest on her pert arse.

"Oh!" Luna cried, shaking and covered in sweat from the exertion. "That's all of it?"

"Yes," Harry replied through gritted teeth.

"Impressive," Akeno commented, crawling up behind him and pressing her warm body against his back. Harry's breath hitched when he felt her breasts squish against his muscular form.

"Oh, look, you can actually see your cock through her," Rias laughed as she ran her hand over the bulge under her bellybutton.

"Hmm, seems like you rearranged her guts," Akeno purred, looking into Luna's wide, lust-darkened eyes and grinning as the blonde shuddered.

"Fuck me, Harry," the blonde begged. "Fuck me with that big, thick cock until you cum."

"Merlin's balls, Luna," Harry groaned, pulling several inches of his cock from her clinging depths and thrusting back inside her gently.

He moved carefully to start out, becoming all the more cautious when he looked down and saw her blood on his cock, but as wet as she was, he found that he could fuck her easily enough and slowly worked up to a steady pace.

"Oh my!" Luna gasped when he brushed against something particularly sensitive inside her. "I understand why you two are so fond of this. Harder, Harry."

Harry grinned and picked up his pace, still not fucking her anywhere near as hard as he could. Luna's moans grew louder, and she clenched her eyes shut as the pleasure grew more intense. Harry felt closer than he would have liked, having nearly cum from Akeno's masterful blowjob before, and he changed the angle of his thrusts slightly, trying to find one of the deep spots that his other lovers adored. After failing to find anything for a couple minutes, he moved her legs up until her ankles were resting on his shoulders.

"Ahh!" Luna cried as his cock bumped against something deep inside her that felt incredible.

"Hmm, I swear every part of you is cute," Akeno cooed, taking one of Luna's feet in her hands. Without another word she, wrapped her lips around the blonde's big toe.

"That feels...ah...so good," Luna moaned grabbing the sheets on either side of her.

When Harry felt her pussy start to flutter around him, he reached down, meaning to stroke her clit, when Rias stopped him.

"No, let me," she said, grinning devilishly.

Before he could ask why, she leaned down and started flicking her tongue over Luna's throbbing clit.

"YES!" Luna screamed, drowning in pleasure as everything grew too intense for her to handle.

She had been racing towards her orgasm for several minutes by then, and the sudden extra stimulation pushed her over the edge. With a wordless wail, she came hard, her whole body writhing in ecstasy under them.

"Cum inside her," Akeno whispered in his ear. "I want to drink your load from her gaping pussy."

"Fuck!" Harry grunted as her words sent him over the edge.

Rias moved out of the way just as he fell forward, catching himself on his forearms to avoid crushing Luna. He shot rope after rope of thick cum inside her pussy, painting her inner walls white. As he looked down into her eyes, which stared blankly up at nothing as she continued to cum hard, he grinned and hugged her to him.

"Gonna...want this...a lot," she panted as her orgasm finally abated.

"Luckily for you, all of us really, Harry's more than up to the challenge," Akeno purred. "I wouldn't be surprised if he was still hard."

"You know I am," Harry grinned, pulling his cock, slick with Luna's juices and her blood, from her very pink pussy.

Looking down at her gaping quim, he knew she was going to be sore for a while and made a note to have the room create a very warm bath for her later.

"Aww, it's all leaking out," Luna complained as she ran her fingers through the river of cum. As she licked them clean, she said, "Mmm, salty. Akeno, could you sit on my face now?"

Akeno just laughed and crawled over to her, moving into position until she was straddling Luna's face.

"Just do what feels natural for now, and I'll let you know if you do anything wrong," Akeno said as she lowered her dripping slit down onto Luna's mouth. With a pleasured sigh, she buried her face between the blonde's thighs and started lapping at her folds.

"I'd say that went well," Rias said, crawling into Harry's lap.

"I managed to make her cum her first time, despite the pain," Harry murmured as he looked over at the two girls locked together in a passionate embrace.

"You've become a wonderful lover," Rias whispered as she picked up his cock and sank down to the hilt in one smooth motion. "Harry, hold off on pursuing Hermione until we've all gotten to know each other better."

"Rias, there's no chance Hermione would be interested in joining in on all this," Harry replied, "even if she is into me."

Rias just leaned down and kissed him as she started riding him properly, moaning into his mouth as his cock managed to brush against every sensitive spot inside her with every movement. Harry returned the kiss eagerly, reaching up to cup her incredible breasts. He had a meeting with the aurors scheduled for later and knew that he couldn't spend all day in bed with them, even if it was still the break. He'd happily spend an hour or two fucking their brains out and perhaps take a quick nap, either with all of them or just Luna, if Rias and Akeno had to return to Japan.

Rolling Rias onto her back, he grabbed her arms, pinned her wrists to the bed above her head, and started fucking her hard and fast. She cried out in pleasure just as Akeno shrieked in orgasm, drawing his eye.

"Man, I will never tire of this," he thought to himself.

*****

"Everything is prepared, master," a tall, thin man in black robes said.

"Good," Voldemort rasped. "You've done well, Barty. Despite your failure to secure Potter, you've still brought me all that I need."

"I live to serve you, my lord," Crouch said, kneeling before him. "When the boy and I next meet, I will not fail."

"Of that, I am most confident," Voldemort said coldly, his tone implying what further failure would mean. "Wormtail!"

"Just finishing milking Nagini, master," Wormtail fretted, sounding every bit as craven as ever. "Done!"

"Then let us begin," Voldemort said, grinning as Crouch carried him to the bubbling cauldron.

"Bone of the father, unknowingly given, you will restore your son," Crouch declared, tossing one of his useless muggle father's bones into the cauldron. "Flesh of the servant, willingly given…"

He glared at Wormtail, who held out his hand over the cauldron and knife under his wrist. At his glare, the rat sliced off his hand, crying out in agony that brought a smile to his face.

"...you will renew your master," Crouch continued.

Pulling a small vial of blood that he had rung from the transfigured napkin that, with his quick thinking, the man had salvaged the ritual and saved his own life with. Pouring the contents into the cauldron, he spoke the final words of the ritual, about how his prophesied enemy's blood would resurrect him. The dark potion turned a blinding white and began to smoke, exactly as the dark wizard Ekrizdis described. Using all the power he could muster in this tiny homunculus form, Voldemort flew forth into the cauldron and felt that dark magics take effect immediately.

"Master?" Crouch asked as the fully restored Lord Voldemort emerged from the cauldron.

"Robe me," Voldemort commanded, his high, icy voice pleasing his ears after so many years of sounding weak and frail, when he had a voice at all.

Crouch quickly wrapped his black robes around him, and Voldemort's crimson, slitted eyes landed on the whimpering Wormtail. The rat man reminded him so much of the filthy muggle children he delighted in tormenting as a boy. Tiny, weak, pitiful, under any other circumstances, he would have considered the man worthless, yet he owed his resurrection to him. The rat had come to him out of fear rather than loyalty, but still, without him, he'd still be haunting the forests of Albania. Such service required rewards, just as the absence of it in his other free followers would require punishment.

"Wormtail, your arm," Voldemort hissed, and the short man looked up at him in shock.

"Th...thank you, master," the wretch said, extending his stump towards him.

Silently, he conjured a silver replacement for him, one that would function as any normal hand would. If Barty had managed to bring him the boy, he would have summoned his free followers here to show them that even death could not stop him and that he was perfectly capable of dispatching of him permanently. Alas, such things would have to wait, and he would pay his disloyal followers visits in the coming days. He had no cause to rush, after all, for he was, as he had finally proven, immortal. Looking at the sky through his own eyes for the first time in over a decade, Voldemort laughed.

Luna was having a very pleasant nap after having been thoroughly debauched by Harry, Rias, and Akeno, and she grew concerned when that nap was disrupted by the bed shaking. When she started to hear whimpering as well, she opened her eyes and saw that it wasn't the bed but Harry, who was thrashing about.

"Harry!" she whispered, placing a hand on his sweaty forehead. "Harry, are you alright?"

With a gasp, Harry woke and sat up, looking around frantically. Luna, wincing at the movement, dragged herself over to him and wrapped her arms around his chest from behind.

"Hey, it was just a dream," she whispered.

"No," Harry said, giving her a haunted look, "no, it wasn't."
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Sep 5, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:MyddynEmrys, ZealJD, A Simurgh Plot and 510 others
voivode_writer
Sep 3, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 11
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Sep 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#271
Harry wandered into Dumbledore's office, still shaken by his dream, a little while later, finding two aurors standing there. The senior one of them was a rather stern-looking redhead that he figured was a few years older than Sirius, who introduced herself as Amelia Bones, while the other one was a large, bald man of African descent who introduced himself as Kingsley Shacklebolt.

"Mr. Potter, I assure you, you're not in trouble," Amelia Bones said, likely noticing just how nervous and pale he looked.

"I know," Harry muttered, looking up at her again. "It's just been a tough couple days."

Dumbledore's piercing blue eyes held on him for a moment, and Harry wondered if the old man somehow already knew about Voldemort's return.

"Now, in your own words, explain the events of the night of the 24th​," Amelia probed.

"My friends and I had just left the ball when one of them, Hermione Granger, realized that she'd left her bag behind just as she got onto one of the moving staircases," Harry began. "I went to get it and ended up taking a longer route to get to where I was supposed to meet them. I came across Professor Moody, and I had begun to suspect that he wasn't who he appeared to be."

"You thought that he was polyjuiced," Amelia interrupted him. "Why?"

"Sna...Professor Snape had accused me of stealing one of the key ingredients in the potion a couple weeks earlier, because his first instinct when anything goes wrong is that I did it, and that made me wonder if the person who put my name in the goblet was using polyjuice," Harry explained. "Moody had been drinking from a flask regularly since he arrived, and you have to dose yourself hourly with polyjuice to maintain its effects, so I started wondering if it might be him."

"That's not much to go on," Shacklebolt piped up.

"Hence why I didn't bring my theory to the other professors," Harry explained. "We got to chatting, and when he mentioned his missing leg, I asked how he lost it. Something about his reply was strange. The way he talked about Evan Rosier was cold and cruel and sounded deeply personal, far more than I would have expected for a guy he just fought during the war, even given the injury he suffered."

"If he mentioned Rosier without swearing, that would have been proof enough that he wasn't Alaster," Amelia said dryly. "What happened next?"

"I disarmed him," Harry replied. "I was too quick for him to realize what I was doing, and while he was gawking at me, I summoned his flask to confirm what was in it. Unfortunately, I didn't know that he had a second wand, and we ended up fighting. I...lost, but the headmaster showed up before he could abduct me."

"I've explained what happened from there," Dumbledore added. "He claimed to be Barty Crouch, according to Harry."

"He claimed to serve Voldemort as well," Harry added. "Spoke about him like he was still alive out there."

"Barty Crouch Junior," Amelia spat. "If I get my hands on his father…"

"Barty's still missing, then," Dumbledore murmured.

"We're searching for him, but we think he's probably dead, Albus," Shacklebolt replied.

"For that rabid dog to have gone this long without causing any harm, I can't imagine what Crouch did to keep him leashed," Amelia added.

"Moody was attacked during the summer, right?" Harry asked. "I remember reading about it in the Prophet."

"Yes," Amelia replied, cocking the eyebrow above her non-monocled eye at him.

"Crouch dismissed his house elf around the same time, if I'm not mistaken," Harry said. "Winky's her name. Perhaps the two things are related."

"She's here, if you would like a word," Dumbledore offered.

"You have the makings of a fine auror, kid," Shacklebolt chuckled, earning a glare from his boss.

"Speak with the elf," Amelia ordered. "I'm going to go update Cornelius on this pig's breakfast. Mr. Potter, I'm sure that I don't need to tell you that what you did was ill-advised, but I will anyway. If you come across anything else related to this case, you are to floo my office directly. Got it?"

"Yes," Harry replied, looking down.

"Hey, you managed to kick him out of the castle at least," Shacklebolt said, clearly trying to cheer him up. "The idea of that monster being out in the world is unpleasant, but not as unpleasant as having him in Hogwarts, truth be told. Goodness knows what kind of harm he could have done here."

"Perhaps less than he's done out there," Harry grumbled mentally.

"The elves are in the kitchens, Kingsley," Dumbledore said as Amelia flooed back to the ministry. "I'd call her here, but I need a word along with Mr. Potter."

"Of course, Albus," Shacklebolt said amiably. "Take care."

Harry mumbled a goodbye and the auror left. Fawkes, likely sensing his mood, trilled softly and landed on his right knee.

"Thanks, little guy," Harry murmured, scratching around the back of the phoenix's neck.

"You look like you've seen a ghost," Dumbledore said softly.

"Several," Harry snarked. "Voldemort has returned, though I suspect you already know."

"Severus informed me just before they arrived," Dumbledore said.

"It's my fault," Harry spat. "If I hadn't confronted Crouch as I did, he wouldn't have gotten his hands on my blood."

"You witnessed his resurrection, then?" Dumbledore asked, his bushy brows shooting towards his hairline.

"I happened to be napping at the time," Harry replied.

"Harry, I want you to focus on that dream in as much detail as you can," Dumbledore said, drawing his wand. "I'll be able to extract the memory and view it in my pensieve."

"Alright," Harry said, recalling it as clearly as he could.

Dumbledore placed the tip of his wand by his temple and then pulled out what looked like wisps of white smoke, which he quickly transferred into a small vial in his hand. Bringing it over to a basin in the corner of his office, filled with what looked like a cloudy, silvery substance, he dumped it in and stuck his head inside. Harry watched for a few minutes as the headmaster kept his head buried in the basin, continuing to pet Fawkes, and was so relaxed by the phoenix's continued singing that he was startled when Dumbledore stood up.

"Tom," the old man sighed, running a hand through his long white beard and looking like he had aged years in the last few minutes. "Harry, you shouldn't blame yourself for that. Going after Barty was foolish, but Tom would have found a way to return eventually."

"Because of the horcruxes," Harry thought to himself, staring down at Fawkes.

Part of him wanted to bring that particular subject up with Dumbledore, but he was conflicted about doing so. For one thing, he figured he was in good hands with Ajuka, who had managed to figure out in a month what his headmaster apparently couldn't in over a decade. Beyond that, though, part of him feared that Dumbledore had already figured it out, which would mean that he'd kept it from him, and while he could sort of understand not telling someone so young that he had a piece of his greatest enemy in his head, he also knew that he would feel betrayed if that was the case. Keeping mum meant not learning either way, which suited him fine for the time being, and, as he'd already determined, he really didn't need Dumbledore in this matter.

"What should we do next?" Harry asked.

"You should focus on the tournament and your studies," Dumbledore replied, returning his memory to him before sitting back down at his desk.

"You know what I mean, Headmaster," Harry murmured. "Should we tell at least Auror Shacklebolt when he returns?"

"I will be informing Kingsley and a number of others, but in truth, I'm not sure if we should tell the authorities just yet," Dumbledore replied. "Tom is many things, but stupid isn't one of them, and he will keep a low profile for the foreseeable future as he rebuilds his forces. I also know quite well that it will take far more than a shadowy pensieve memory to convince the minister of his return, and with Lucius Malfoy in his ear…"

"He could do more harm than good," Harry mused, recalling well how quick Fudge could be to act without thought when he was afraid. Locking Hagrid up a couple years ago came to mind, not to mention how readily he dismissed all that Harry and his friends said about Pettigrew. His eyes widening at that thought, Harry said, "Pettigrew!"

"I'm sorry?" Dumbledore asked.

"If the minister is a problem, then we need a scandal big enough to force him to resign," Harry explained. "Locking up a prominent pureblood without a trial for ten years would surely suffice. If we could get our hands on the rat…"

"Sirius wasn't locked up during Cornelius' ministry," Dumbledore pointed out.

"But Fudge did try to have him killed all last year," Harry argued.

"I'll admit that, should the truth of Sirius' imprisonment come to light, it will be cataclysmic for the ministry," Dumbledore admitted, stroking his beard in thought. "I wouldn't have expected you to jump to something like this so quickly."

"That would be Rias' influence," Harry thought to himself as he petted Fawkes again.

"Voldemort's back and one of his biggest supporters is also one of the most influential figures in the government," Harry said. "Bringing down Malfoy would be harder than finding the rat, surely. Especially with that shiny new hand of his."

"Both will be difficult, but you have a point," Dumbledore said, stroking his beard again.

Fawkes flew out of Harry's lap and landed on the headmaster's desk, trilling softly up at his old friend, who smiled down at him.

"If there's nothing else to discuss, I should go," Harry said. "I have to share the bad news with Luna and Hermione."

"If we're waiting to inform the ministry, I would advise against spreading that information too far," Dumbledore cautioned him.

"Hermione and Luna can be discrete," Harry assured.

"Very well," Dumbledore relented. "Harry, know that you remain safe in this castle despite everything."

"It's everyone outside the castle I'm worried about," Harry muttered. "Goodbye."

"Goodbye," Dumbledore sighed.

*****

Hermione and Luna had predictably paled when he told them the truth. Harry hated even thinking in such selfish terms, but some immediate good had come from his old enemy's return. When Luna declared that they'd be safe with the devils' help, Hermione agreed without hesitating, and Harry was pleased to see her become a little more accepting of them, though he wished that such dire circumstances hadn't been the cause.

The next several days followed a familiar routine, with Luna training with him, alongside Rias, Akeno, or both. Hermione joined in after a few days, which he was happy about, and though she still seemed quite wary of Rias, they found common ground in their mutual desire to make sure that he was as capable as possible for the challenges ahead. The day after New Years, the day before classes were to start up again, Harry found himself once more grabbed out of school and brought to Agreas.

"Thank you for warning me ahead of time," he said as he stood back up, looking around the room he'd been summoned to. It was wildly different from the one he'd seen before, being small and utterly devoid of furniture, or indeed, anything other than the ominous-looking ritual circle drawn on the ground and the multitude of lit black candles surrounding it.

"I figured it was a basic courtesy," Ajuka said flatly. "The ritual is set up, and all you need to do is strip down, sit in the circle, and drink the potion inside it."

"Why do I need to strip?" Harry asked in alarm.

"As a wizard, you imbue the tiniest bit of magic in everything you come in contact with," Ajuka explained. "We're talking truly minute amounts of magic, nothing that has any notable affect normally, but when it comes to rituals, there can be no outside interference at all."

"I see," Harry murmured uncomfortably.

"If I see anything I haven't seen before, I'll throw a gold coin at it," Ajuka said dryly.

"If it's all the same, I'd rather you didn't," Harry huffed. "Very well."

Neither Rias nor Akeno were there, probably because Ajuka wanted as little interference in the ritual as possible, so he couldn't even look to them for support, but he knew that he had no choice in the matter, particularly with Voldemort back amongst the living, and he quickly striped off all of his clothes and even his glasses. Walking into the circle, he spotted a small vial of a potion so dark that he hadn't even seen it when he first looked around the room, and, sitting down cross-legged, he plucked the dark cork out and downed it in one gulp.

"Hmm, I expected that to taste…" he trailed off and knew no more.

"Excellent," Ajuka grinned, waving his hand over the ritual circle.

Black chains emerged from the ground, and heavy manacles wrapped around Harry's arms and legs, pulling taut until he couldn't move a muscle. Now came the fun part.

"Stand aside, girl, I will ask you, but once," Voldemort hissed.

He wouldn't normally spare someone in a position like this, particularly a lowly mudblood, but Severus had done him a great service. and no one could say that the great Lord Voldemort did not reward such things. She was aesthetically pleasing, he supposed, though he had long since sacrificed such base human drives in the pursuit of divinity. If his loyal follower wanted her as a pet, who was he to object?

"You can kill me if you must, but not Harry," Lily said resolutely. "My life for his."

"Avada Kedavra," Voldemort said coldly, sending the sickly green curse right into the center of the redhead's chest. "Oh well, I can tell him that I tried."

Walking over to the crib, he looked down at the baby sitting inside, looking up at him with eyes nearly as green as the curse that had ended his parents lives. To think that something so small could be a threat to one as mighty as him was laughable, but he did not dare dismiss prophecy so. This boy, if allowed to grow, was to become his undoing. Instead, he would be the final piece of his immortality.

With the chosen vessel securely in hand, he pointed his wand down at the innocent child and, with a grin, cast, "Avada Kedavra!"

The baby began to cry as he shouted, and his cries grew louder as the killing curse struck true, right in the center of his forehead. The cries didn't stop, though, which Voldemort was able to find alarming for just a moment before a wave of power unlike anything he'd ever felt in his life burst forth from his prophesied nemesis, and he knew no more.

"Ah!" Voldemort screamed, looking around in panic and struggling against the binding it took him a moment to recognize.

He didn't know where he was or how he had gotten here from Godric's Hollow, but he did know that he was going to kill whoever dared to bind him.

"Hello," a man with green hair of all things, dressed in a muggle suit, said.

"Release me, and I will grant you a quick death," Voldemort lied. "Fail to, and your suffering will be endless."

"Suffering?" the man laughed coldly. "You use the word as though you understand it. I assure you, you do not."

Without another word, bat-like wings sprung from the man's back, and Voldemort felt a chill go down his spine.

"A devil?" he breathed.

"Not just any devil," the man chuckled. "You sit before Ajuka Beelzebub."

One of the devil lords, one of the most powerful beings in existence.

"How the hell did I get here?" he thought to himself frantically as he tried to apparate away, only to realize that he couldn't.

Panicking, he tried to fly, seeing if perhaps he could just take the chains with him, only to realize that he couldn't move or call upon his magic at all.

"I...I have never had any dealings with your kind," Voldemort stammered, "never given insult, or done anything to draw your ire. Why am I here?"

"I wonder, do you even know what you are?" Ajuka asked.

"I am Lord Voldemort," Voldemort replied.

"I didn't ask if you knew who you were," Ajuka grinned, summoning a mirror. Holding it up for him, he added, "Though you are rather wrong on that count too."

"James Potter?" Voldemort asked incredulously. "What manner of trickery is thi…"

He trailed off then, noting the green eyes, and felt a sense of dread overtake him.

"Figured it out yet?" Ajuka asked mockingly as Voldemort stared up at the devil in horror. "You are Tom Riddle, or a piece of him anyway, and you have spent every day since that Halloween night inside the body of the living horcrux you unwittingly made, you blithering idiot."

Voldemort moved his mouth, Harry Potter's mouth, a few times, though no sound came out as the boy's heart raced in his chest.

"Did the tomes you consulted not warn you at all that slicing and dicing your soul like that might have consequences?" Ajuka asked. "Did it not occur to you that it might make your soul somewhat unstable? Do you have any idea how much time I wasted trying to investigate the matter of Potter's scar because I didn't allow myself to think that anyone would be stupid enough to do what you did?"

The angry devil's every question increased the mortal terror Voldemort felt in that moment. Plenty of dark wizards through the aeons had turned to the Underworld in search of power, and it had certainly occurred to him to do so when he was young, but he ultimately decided against it, having no desire to risk angering such impossibly powerful beings as these. Even the fact that this devil knew of his horcruxes didn't frighten him quite as much as his basic wrath did.

"There is a prophecy in play between you and Harry Potter, isn't there?" Ajuka asked, and Voldemort's eyes widened in further fear. The powerful devil laughed, adding, "I thought so. Well, know that in trying to circumvent whatever the contents of the prophecy were, you sowed the seeds of your own undoing and handed your enemy everything he's going to need to finish you off."

Ajuka waved his hand, and a green magic circle appeared in his palm for a moment before the runes carved around him started glowing.

"Incidentally, that thing you're going to experience in a moment when you realize what I'm doing," Ajuka grinned devilishly, "that is suffering."

Voldemort, still too terrified to form words, could only watch in muted horror as the devil began chanting in a language he knew not, performing some terrible act of magic. A moment later, he tried to lurch forward in pain, finding himself still too bound to do even that, as he felt, deep in his soul, something foreign latch onto him. If his soul was undamaged, or perhaps even if he were the primary piece from which the others had been cut, a foreign geas of this sort could not be so easily forced on him. Unfortunately for him, he was a small fragment of a soul with no such protections, and when he realized just what this particular geas was going to do, he wished that his mounting panic would give Potter's body a stroke so that he'd be free of it, for even that which he feared most would be preferable to what the devil had in store for him.

In the end, he couldn't move; he couldn't speak; he could only scream.

*****

Harry woke with a cough, wincing as he felt like he'd smoked a carton of cigarettes in his sleep.

"I left you a glass of water," Ajuka called out from the next room, and Harry reached around carefully and grabbed the glass as he found it, happily chugging the contents to soothe his aching throat.

His clothes were on the other side, with his glasses carefully laid on top of them, and he took a moment to get dressed before heading out into the next room, finding Ajuka reading some thick, leather-bound tome in a high-back chair next to an ornate fireplace. He had a glass of some liquor in his hand.

"How's the throat?" he asked without looking at him.

"Feeling better, thank you," Harry replied, surprised by how quickly the soreness disappeared.

"That idiot screamed you hoarse," Ajuka replied. "I put a drop of a healing potion in the water, anticipating that you'd feel it when you came to. Cognac?"

"Um, yes, thank you," Harry replied, and he watched as the ornate decanter sitting on the table next to Ajuka and a glass flew into the air and poured him a drink, which flew into his hand.

He had chosen not to mention that he wasn't exactly of drinking age yet, and as he smelled the contents of the glass, he was glad for that. Swirling it around the crystal wine glass, embossed with a symbol that he swore looked a little familiar, he took a sip and was surprised by how utterly smooth it was as he swallowed.

"Oh, that's fantastic," he said.

"The man behind this particular cognac had a vision to take his family company to new heights, but he needed a little help," Ajuka explained. "He summoned me for assistance, which, as I realized just what potential he had, I agreed to give him on the condition that I get four bottles of his finest creation each year in perpetuity, once it finished aging. He agreed, and this particular spirit, which he named after King Louis XIII of France, has been a favorite of mine ever since."

"Why do I get the feeling Fleur would kill for what I'm enjoying here?" Harry thought to himself.

"Sit, there's much we must discuss," Ajuka ordered, moving another chair closer to his.

"So you found out where the horcruxes are?" Harry asked.

"No," Ajuka replied. "Getting that out of him would have required more time than that potion would have allowed me. It also would have necessitated torturing you and healing you afterward, which would have been time-consuming."

"I see," Harry said, taking another sip of cognac instead of asking what the hell he accomplished then.

"Instead, I enslaved him to you," Ajuka said, and Harry was glad that he finished swallowing beforehand.

"What?!" Harry exclaimed.

"One of the fatal flaws of horcruxes is that they lack the natural protections that the Tyrant imbued in all human souls," Ajuka replied. "I could never enslave you, for example, so easily, but because the soul fragment inside you was just a piece, I could. You'll be able to, through meditation, reach out to him inside you and order him to tell you where the horcruxes are. Then, just send Rias or Akeno to find them and bring them to Sirzechs, and he can practice on them before he destroys the one inside you."

"I...see," Harry said, taking another sip to steady his nerves.

"There is one other benefit to this, by the way," Ajuka added. "You can order him to share all of his knowledge, not just the locations of and protections around the horcruxes. The next time you two meet, it should be as equals."

Harry's eyes widened as he realized just what a gift he had just been given. All of Voldemort's knowledge was his, all of the magic, the names of his followers, the locations of his safe houses, everything. The next time he fought against Crouch, it was going to go very differently, to say nothing of Voldemort himself.

"I thought you'd enjoy that," Ajuka chuckled.

"Thank you," Harry said earnestly.

"Think nothing of it," Ajuka said. "The answer might have been frustratingly stupid, but you provided me with an interesting puzzle for a time."

"More than one, actually," Ajuka thought to himself. "Finish that drink, and I'll send you back to Hogwarts."

Harry didn't have much cognac left and downed the rest quickly, only to disappear the second he set the glass down.

"Hmm," Ajuka hummed to himself as he picked up the glass and ran a single black hair through the saliva coating the edge where Harry had drank from.

Adding saliva to the hair and blood samples he had taken while Harry was unconscious was likely unnecessary, and he had decided against it earlier, but he figured there was no harm in using everything that he could for this test. Potter had been in contact with another devil at some point early in his life and said devil had done something to him so profound that it left a trace to this day.

He had noted it in his first tests and tried to get a sense for who it might come from, but while the magical signature was vaguely familiar, he couldn't put his finger on who it belonged to. Luckily, he had a way to, through the inherent connection to Potter's magic and very soul that remained in his hair and various fluids, analyze that faint signature in greater detail.

"I just hope that my scanner doesn't have to go through the entire database," he grumbled to himself as he placed the saliva-coated hair in the blood already in a petri dish. That could take months.

*****

Harry appeared in an empty part of the Hogwarts grounds and immediately jolted at the sudden cold. Grabbing his wand, he cast a warming charm on himself, hoping that Ajuka just forgot how bloody cold it was in Scotland that time of year, and headed towards the castle, eager to share this latest development with his friends.

"'Arry?" Fleur asked as he passed by the Beauxbatons carriage.

"Fleur, you're back," Harry said, smiling at the gorgeous blonde, who, like many of the richer students from the other schools, had arranged to go home for the holidays.

"Oui, just zis morning," Fleur replied, tucking her hair behind her ear. "Listen, I forgot to zank you during the ball, but your idea to listen to ze egg underwater worked perfectly. I am in your debt."

"The egg?" Harry asked, and his eyes widened as he realized that he hadn't thought about it in weeks. "Oh, crap!"

"You...tell me you did not forget ze second task," Fleur sputtered.

"I've had a lot on my mind," Harry sighed, feeling stupid.

"Zese tasks are dangerous, 'Arry," Fleur chastised him. "Ze first one was a dragon, for goodness sake; what could be so important to make you forget zat?"

"I kind of uncovered who put my name in the goblet," Harry replied.

"Really?" Fleur asked. "Oo?"

"Our defense professor wasn't really who he looked like," Harry replied. "He was a Death Eater who had kidnapped the actual guy and was using polyjuice to take his place."

"What?" Fleur asked, her jaw dropping.

"Yeah, my headmaster's going to announce that tomorrow during the welcome-back feast," Harry said.

"Was 'e arrested?" Fleur asked.

"No," Harry scowled. "He got away."

"Please tell me you did not put yourself in danger," Fleur groaned.

"Like I told you just before we faced our dragons, I'm kind of used to danger by now," Harry sighed.

Fleur shook her head and pulled him in for a hug that made him go still, saying, "Well, I'm glad you're okay."

"Sa...same," Harry replied dumbly as he inhaled the gorgeous rose scent of her hair and wrapped his arms around her.

"Once you've listened to your egg, seek me out, and we can compare," Fleur said as she pulled back, smiling at him. "It's probably ze same message, but I would like to be sure."

"Will do," Harry replied. "I'll see you later."

"See you then," Fleur said, heading back inside the carriage.

Harry's eyes were instantly drawn to her wonderfully round arse, which was noticeable even through her thicker winter robes, and he felt his cock stir in his pants. He had to get to know her better.

*****

"This is hopeless!" Hermione thought to herself as she closed yet another book from the restricted section.

One of the perks of being a Tri-Wizard Champion, as she'd found out when she went over the rules of the tournament, was a pass to the restricted section. Said passes weren't supposed to be lent out for obvious reasons, but they still could be, and Hermione had been using Harry's ever since she learned of the Horcrux in his scar to try and find any information she could on the subject. Unfortunately for her, there really didn't seem to be.

"Still looking?" Luna asked, sitting down next to her.

"I don't think there's anything here," Hermione grumbled.

"I wouldn't honestly expect information on a subject that dark to be found in our library," Luna pointed out, "even in the restricted section."

"And I'm certainly not getting access to any others," Hermione huffed. When Luna cocked an eyebrow in confusion, she said, "I kind of asked Viktor if he could set up a meeting with his headmaster."

"That sounds like a really bad idea," Luna said in alarm.

Looking around to make sure no one was listening, Hermione said quietly, "Karkaroff has more reason to fear...Tom's return than most, given what Snuffles said about him. I thought that if I told him I was looking into a way to get rid of him for good, that his self-preservation instincts might outweigh his prejudice, and get him to have a few books sent here from Durmstrang, but the man isn't meeting with anyone under any circumstances. Viktor was confused but not upset about that."

"That's probably for the best, Hermione," Luna said.

"I know," Hermione groaned. "I just feel so useless. Harry's dealing with so much, and I can't even begin to help him as I normally would."

"Then just support him," Luna said. "The reason I came is that Harry just remembered the egg from the first task after Fleur told him that my water idea worked and he was going to go test it out in the room. It almost certainly contains a cryptic clue of some kind, and I figured you would be able to help."

Hermione looked up into her dreamy blue eyes and smiled at the blatant attempt to make her feel better. As she put the books away, she scowled again at her failure. Part of her issue was the fact that she was used to researching things for Harry, and being unable to do that was annoying. The rest of it was that she really did want to confirm what he was told by Ajuka Beelzebub. Trust but verify was hard when you couldn't even begin to verify anything. She shook her head and followed Luna up to the seventh floor, with the pair of them arriving just a few seconds before Harry.

"Hey," Harry said in greeting as Luna walked back and forth towards the hidden entrance of the room.

"Hey, so what is this water idea?" Hermione asked, having been too distracted when Luna first mentioned it to think to ask.

"The screeching sound is Mermish," Luna replied before Harry could. "Their language can only be understood underwater."

"Oh," Hermione said. "How fascinating."

"And deafening," Harry snarked as the door appeared before Luna.

She opened it to display an onsen, and Harry felt his cock twitch in his pants.

"Wait...just how powerful is this place?" Hermione asked, looking around in awe.

"Pretty powerful," Luna replied. Pointing towards an area containing what looked like a shed, she said, "Your bathing suit's in there, Harry."

"Bathing...I thought I was just going to stick my head in the water with the egg," Harry said, sounding exasperated.

"You'd look pretty silly bending over with your head in a sink, Harry," Luna giggled, sitting down on one of the comfortable chairs she set up. "Come here, Hermione."

Hermione, having gotten relatively used to the blonde by now, just shook her head and smiled as she sat down on the other chair. Harry walked into the shed and immediately balked at what he found.

"Where exactly did you find this bathing suit design?" he called out.

"Akeno showed me some fascinating muggle magazines," Luna replied. "Why?"

Harry just sighed and began undressing, knowing full well what the blonde was up to. Luna had been quite adamant ever since she first shared her theory about Hermione's feelings for him that she was correct and clearly sought to prove her point in a suitably unsubtle way. He had spoken with her about trying to tempt Hermione before and would make it very clear that this was to be the last attempt later, but part of him really did want to know if she was right about his best friend's attraction to him, not that he expected her to act on it either way, given his existing relationships After a few minutes, clad in only a white speedo, Harry emerged, feeling slightly self-conscious in a way he hadn't in a while.

Hermione squeaked at the sight of him, her brown eyes going as wide as saucers.

"Luna!" she hissed without looking at the blonde.

In that moment, she didn't know if she could have looked away from Harry for anything. He was so bloody hot, having grown taller and significantly broader over the past couple months. His muscles were quite well defined, and he didn't have the lithe swimmer's build that she'd imagined in her late-night fantasies. In truth, he was starting to look like the men she'd seen on the covers of the romance novels that she'd found under her mum's bed during the previous summer. Not even his deliciously tight abs could keep her attention for long, though, as her gaze fell and became locked on his speedo.

"Holy shit," she thought to herself as she took in the sheer size of his prominent bulge.

She felt her heat pool in her core and rubbed her thighs together unconsciously, only realizing as she felt the sinful spike of pleasure that caused her that she was openly gawking at her best friend's cock. She swiftly forced herself to avert her gaze, turning a shade of red she'd only ever seen on Ron before.

Harry took in her reaction and felt his cock swell within the tight confines of the speedo even as he gave Luna an irritated look. The blonde just grinned at him and mouthed, "see?"

"I'll go listen to the egg," Harry sighed, grabbing the prize he'd gotten from the first task and heading underwater. He hoped whatever message was hidden in here was short.

"Luna, what the hell?" Hermione hissed once he was underwater.

"You must admit, he looks very good in it," Luna grinned shamelessly.

"That's...that's besides the point," Hermione stammered. "You could have remembered that I was here."

"I did, though," Luna said, furrowing her brow in confusion. "If you weren't, I'd have asked him to listen to it naked and joined him in kind. Then we'd have tried having sex in the water, which we've yet to do."

"Luna, what are you doing?" Hermione asked tiredly.

"Showing you what you want but think you can't have," Luna replied, rolling onto her side to look at Hermione. "You love him, and he loves you. I think you're perfectly lovely and ever so pretty. Rias and Akeno are warming to you, and once you find a way to prove that the devils have been honest with us, you'll warm to them too. We all adore Harry, and I just know that the kind of fun the four of us have together will be even more fun with five."

"I...I…" Hermione stuttered. "Has it occurred to you that I might want a normal relationship?"

"You haven't done normal since you got here," Luna pointed out, "and no man you could meet would ever measure up to Harry. If you really don't want to join us, that's fine, but I just wanted to paint you as detailed a picture of what you'd be walking away from as possible, and what a picture it is."

She sighed that last part longingly as Harry emerged from the water, and Hermione felt her mouth go dry at the sight. His gorgeous body dripping wet would have been sexy enough, but the white fabric of his speedo had gone completely transparent from the water, something she knew Luna set up intentionally, and any lingering doubts she might have had about just how well-hung her best friend was disappeared in an instant. She was starting to regret reading those old romance novels over the summer. Harry was starting to remind her more and more of the love interests in them.

"Well, it was definitely a clue about the second task, like we figured," Harry said as he dried his glasses with a wave of his wand. Completely ignorant of the fact that the only article of clothing he was wearing had turned see-through, he sat down in the chair that appeared before them and added, "It doesn't sound particularly good either."

"How big...bad is it?" Hermione asked, blushing harder at her mistake.

"It's…" Harry finally noticed how she looked and peered down at himself, realizing what had happened. Fixing Luna with a stare that promised a major spanking later, he excused himself and went over to the shed to change back into his clothes.

"He's developed such a firm bum too," Luna sighed, bitting her lower lip in anticipation of her coming punishment.

Hermione watched him walk away as her heart hammered in her chest, and she was very glad that she was wearing robes just then because she figured that her white cotton panties were as see-through as his speedo just then.

"Rias Gremory," she heard Harry call out in the shed, and a flash of crimson light emerged within a moment later.

"Hmm, if I'd known this was the kind of show I could have gotten, I would have reached out to you sooner," the redhead purred. Emerging from the shed a moment later, she said, "Oh, Luna, Hermione. What's going on?"

"Harry was listening to the egg he stole from the dragon," Luna replied as Hermione remained too tongue-tied to speak.

"Listening?" Rias asked, cocking an eyebrow.

"Yes, it apparently contains a clue about the next task," Harry replied, emerging from the shed, which swiftly disappeared, completely clothed. "Hermione, are you…"

"Yes, please, tell me what it said," Hermione interrupted him.

As he did, the three of them sat in silence, mulling over what the words could mean.

"The part about seeking them where their voices sound clearly means the lake, unless the organizers want to bring everyone out to the location of another colony of merpeople," Luna mused.

"I'm going to need to brush up on my swimming," Harry grimaced.

"There's plenty of time for that," Rias said, "and I'm sure this room can create an Olympic swimming pool if we need it to."

"I also need to figure out a way to spend an hour breathing underwater," Harry said.

"The bubble-headed charm would work," Hermione suggested. "I'm more concerned about what they plan to take from you."

"Something sentimental probably," Harry grumbled, "given the whole 'sorely miss,' part. Perhaps my broom or my cloak. I hope the firebolt's charmed for water resistance."

"What if they mean a person?" Rias asked.

"What?!" Hermione exclaimed.

"Think about it," Rias explained. "The first task had you sent up against a bloody dragon, a relatively minor one, but still…"

"The horntails are one of the worst breeds in the world," Hermione argued.

"Trust me, there are far worse dragons out there," Rias said, recalling the lessons she'd gotten on the dragon kings and some of the even more powerful ones. "At any rate, my point is that if they were willing to do something that insane in the first task, it would be a mistake to underestimate them here."

Harry looked over at Luna and Hermione, the two most important people to him that the organizers would know about, and felt enraged at the idea of them being endangered because of this idiotic tournament.

"I swear, I won't let anything happen to either of you," he swore, and both girls smiled widely at him.

"I know," Luna said simply, like it was the obvious thing in the world.

"We'll help you prepare for anything," Hermione added.

"I'm going to have more help than that," Harry murmured. When all three of them gave him confused looks, he said, "I got back from Agreas earlier today."

"Really?" Rias asked. "Lord Ajuka didn't inform me this time."

"There would have been no point, given that I just sat in a circle, drank a potion, and passed out," Harry chuckled.

"So did he learn where the other horcruxes are?" Hermione asked.

"No," Harry replied. "He said that doing so would have taken longer than the potion would last for, so he made the horcrux my slave instead."

"Your...what?!" Hermione exclaimed.

"Oh, that's brilliant!" Rias exclaimed. "As a mere fragment of a soul, he would be terribly vulnerable to things like that, and this way, you can force him to tell you everything."

"Why not enslave him personally?" Luna asked.

"Lord Ajuka is exceedingly busy," Rias replied. "We've already taken a great deal of his time. This way, Harry can deal with him himself."

Hermione closed her eyes and fought down her instinctive sentiment that slavery was wrong. If this was anyone or anything else, that would be different, but if anyone deserved this, it was that monster.

"He might be batshit insane and utterly evil, but he's also brilliant," Harry said. "I'm sure that he'll have a few ways to make this task easy, and once I've turned down all the ones involving blind slaughter, hopefully I'll find one that I'm willing to do."

"I can't believe you're going to be able to wield his own knowledge against him," Hermione chuckled. "Just keep in mind that a lot of what he knows is going to be vile beyond imagining."

"I know," Harry said. Changing the subject, he remarked, "I'm glad Fleur reminded me of this bloody thing. With the Yule Balls, Crouch, and everything else, I'd completely forgotten."

"Fleur?" Rias asked.

"One of his competitors in the tournament," Luna replied. "She's a Veela, and I've actually been meaning to ask about that. Are Veela related to devils? Because from what I saw of her in her dress at the ball, her breasts are nearly as spectacular as yours."

Rias snorted at that and said, "Thanks, Luna, and yes, actually."

"Wait, really?" Hermione asked.

"That's actually a rather long story," Rias began. "When Lucifer stole pages from the Book of Creation to make his own army to strike back at the Tyrant with...um, did Harry tell you about any of this?"

"He filled me in no your side of the fall," Hermione replied. "Please, go on."

"The pages he stole were vital to the process of creation, but they weren't all of the most important pages and his creations ended up flawed as a result," Rias continued. "Our dreadful fertility rates are a consequence of that. He tried for ages to fix the problem without success, but eventually one of his creations managed. Leviathan, through means that she alone knew, managed to create a different sort of devil known as incubi and succubi."

"I've heard of them," Hermione said. "They're demons that feed on sexual energy and seduce humans."

"Much of what humans understand of them is wrong, and the seduction part is actually truer of the fallen angels," Rias replied. "Their purpose wasn't to prey on humans but to make more devils because, unlike us, they were incredibly fertile. Leviathan's Incubus Succubus Project was one of the greatest innovations in the history of our race, and sadly, it ended almost immediately."

"What happened?" Harry asked.

"Leviathan died not long after she succeeded, and somehow, the angels found out about her project," Rias replied. "The angels and the fallen, recognizing what a threat a fertile devil race would be, worked together for a time to hunt down and slaughter all of them. Only a few had made it to adulthood by then, and only a couple had had children of their own. One of them, an incubus born of the Phenix line, had several children, one of whom was born with some startling defects."

"Oh?" Hermione asked, placing a comforting hand on Luna's leg as the blonde looked stricken a the tale of wanton slaughter.

"The girl was sired with a half-human, half-fallen angel and wasn't a devil at all," Rias continued. "She had the Phenex look and some of their powers, but she was mortal, and though she had a facsimile of a succubus' natural seductive aura, it couldn't compare to the real thing."

"The first Veela," Luna said.

"Yes," Rias replied. "Now what specifically happened to her, we don't know. Mother believes that Azazel, the Governor General of the fallen angels, was involved personally, but either way, the girl must have ended up being taken in by a human family. She went on to have children of her own, daughters who looked just like her, and so the Veela were born. We devils rediscovered them generations later."

"Why did the devils not turn them into devils?" Hermione asked. "Given that you're related."

"This was long before the evil pieces existed," Rias replied. "Lord Ajuka actually worked for centuries to try and figure out how Leviathan had managed to make the incubi and succubi, but to no avail. According to Sirzechs, he normally wouldn't have even considered working on someone else's project, but this one was so important that he made an exception. The Evil Pieces ended up being his solution after he failed. As for why we haven't turned them, a couple were, since Lord Ajuka hoped that they might be turned into succubi, but they became normal devils, and that idea was abandoned. The Phenexes remain a little touchy about them too, viewing them as inferior copies."

"If this was hundreds or even thousands of years ago, how do they still look the same?" Hermione asked.

"Veela only ever have daughters, and their children's looks aren't influenced at all by the father," Luna explained. "If you take two Veela from communities on the opposite sides of the world, whose families haven't been in contact for generations, they'll still look like sisters."

"Oh, wow," Hermione said. "Are they aware of all this?"

"I wouldn't know," Rias replied. "Given how removed they've been from us, they might not be."

"I wouldn't rush into trying to find out," Hermione warned them. "Fleur could easily see getting devilish help as cheating, and since it's also a crime…"

"Fleur and I get along surprisingly well, really, but I see your point," Harry said.

"Getting to know her better in general wouldn't be a bad thing," Luna murmured, picturing what it would be like to share Harry with Rias, Akeno, and Fleur for a night.

"She's not going to fare well in this task," Rias piped up. "The Phenexes have few weaknesses, but one of them is that they don't fare well underwater. For Veela, this weakness is amplified as far as I know."

"That might be why she wanted to discuss the task," Harry said. "If they're potentially kidnapping people, it wouldn't be the worst thing in the world to help her."

"Exactly," Luna agreed.

"Well, I need to get going," Hermione said. "I want to revise the chapters on our next potions lesson before tomorrow."

"Alright, I'll see you later," Harry said, getting up and hugging her. "I'm sorry about earlier."

"Don't be," Hermione chuckled, though she couldn't quite reply to that without blushing.

"Later, Hermione," Luna said.

"Bye," Rias added.

"Good bye all," Hermione said, making her way toward the door.

Hermione took one last look at the trio from the doorway, knowing full well what was going to happen between them once she left, and felt that familiar clenching sensation in her chest. It didn't feel as strong as it usually did, though, and she couldn't say whether that was because she actually didn't feel as envious as she had ever since she learned about Harry's odd relationships, or because she was too distracted by how wet she still was from seeing Harry in all his glory. Eager to go deal with that, she closed the door behind her and made her way to her dorm.

"Mmm," Luna sighed as Harry kissed her deeply.

"You were a very bad girl just now," Harry growled, making her shiver.

"I take it Luna was why were you wearing a practically see-through speedo when I got here?" Rias asked.

"Hermione's conflicted about acting on her feelings, and I thought she deserved to know exactly what she'd be turning down if she didn't," Luna explained.

"I've said before, Hermione's too straight-laced to want something like what we have," Harry sighed. "She might be attracted to me, but that has limits. I also have no reason to think that she isn't straight, and frankly, I think things only work between the three of us and Akeno because you're all into each other too. Promise me that you're not going to do anything else to try and tempt Hermione."

"Unless she comes to me, I promise," Luna said. "Like I said, I just wanted to make sure that she could make her choice as wrackspurt-free as possible and that she had as clear a picture as she could."

"Oh, it was pretty clear," Rias giggled, amused by the blonde's antics.

"Luna, over my knee," Harry ordered.

"Oh goody...I mean, oh no, not that," Luna replied as she complied eagerly.

"Brat," Harry grumbled, pulling her robes up over her arse.

To his complete lack of surprise, she wasn't wearing panties and her perfectly hairless nether lips were visibly slick.

"What am I going to do with you?" Harry asked rhetorically as he ghosted his hand over her arsecheeks.

"Anal?" Luna suggested hopefully, making him pause.

"Are you sure?" Harry asked, concerned. He had only done that with Akeno, and she was far more durable than the blonde.

"Mmhmm," Luna sighed. "I've been practicing with a transfigured dildo. It's not as big as you, but it's close."

"Hmm, masturbating without permission, being a brat, trying to seduce Hermione, I'd say you have earned a punishment," Rias purred, vanishing Luna's clothes entirely. She traced a nail from Luna's temple to her chin, pulling her face up slightly until her lust-darkened gray eyes were staring up into hers, and said, "You're not going to cum until I say so."

"Oh!" Luna cried as she felt Rias' spell take hold.

"You can start now, Harry," the redhead grinned devilishly.

Harry brought his hand down on Luna's arse, and she shrieked, "One!"

"Good girl," Harry whispered, making her shiver.

She cried and screamed as he spanked her again and again, growing more and more aroused with each strike. Over the last several days, he had learned that while she wasn't as much of a pain slut as Akeno, Luna was deeply submissive and enjoyed this sort of treatment immensely.

"Eigh...eighteen!" Luna screamed, her whole body shaking. "Oh, Merlin!"

"Fuck, I can actually see her pussy spasming," Rias said. "How badly do you need to cum, Luna?"

"So bad!" Luna whimpered, rubbing her thighs together to no avail. "I was already so turned on before we started."

"Hmm, I think that's enough for the spanking," Rias said. "Her lily-white ass is already such an angry red."

"Oh, you can keep going if you like," Luna smiled. "It's kind of fun."

"Kind of defeats the purpose of punishment," Harry chuckled.

"And I have a better idea anyway," Rias said, holding out her hand before Luna. A red magic circle appeared in her palm, and the blonde started floating through the air.

"Whee!" Luna cried as she zoomed forward, only to turn around and hover.

"You're not going to move a muscle for the next little while," Rias grinned, "and you're going to watch as Harry and I fuck like animals. Only when I'm good and satisfied will I let you down, and then Harry's going to bury every inch of his big, thick cock inside your tight little asshole."

"Fucking hell, Rias," Harry grunted, feeling his cock throb in his pants as Luna looked ever more excited.

"Okay," Luna said. A moment later, she looked confused and asked, "What about the orgasm denial spell?"

"Oh, that's staying on," Rias said. "At least until I decide to release it."

Luna whimpered and shivered as Rias spelled her and Harry's clothes off. A bed appeared between them and the hovering blonde, and Rias laughed before walking towards it.

"If you want a more up close show, I guess we can give you that," she grinned.

"Definitely," Harry rumbled, turning her around and pulling her in for a searing, hot kiss.

She deepened it immediately, pushing her tongue into his mouth, and the two of them dueled for dominance as he pushed her down onto the bed. Rias rolled her hips to grind against his rock-hard cock, moaning as he broke the kiss and trailed his lips along her jaw to her earlobe. Harry looked up at the floating Luna, still in the same position she'd been in on his lap, and grinned at the look of raw lust on her beautiful face. He planted hot kisses on Rias' neck, nipping at her pulse point.

"More!" Rias moaned. "Watching you discipline Luna made me so wet."

"I know," Harry growled, moving lower along her gorgeous body. "I can smell your wet pussy from here. You smell so good."

"Then taste mE!" Rias cried as he wrapped his lips around one of her pebbled nipples.

Harry grazed the pink nub with his teeth, making her shiver, and looked up into her blue eyes. He kneaded her massive mounds, kissing, licking, and gently biting his way across them all while his eyes remained trained on hers, enjoying the look of pleasure and hunger on her face. Her scent was as intoxicating as ever, and eventually his own desire to taste her won him over, so he reluctantly moved on from her breasts, kissing a trail down along her flat, toned stomach.

"Fuck!" Rias gasped when gave her dripping folds a long lick with the flat of his tongue.

Her hands flew to his head, and she held him to her as he began lapping at her pussy. His ability to reduce his lovers to mindless, sweat-drenched, seemingly boneless wrecks had become a point of pride for him, and he almost enjoyed eating them out as much as he loved being inside them. He pushed two fingers inside her tight, wet heat, seeking her g-spot as he swirled his tongue around her throbbing clit.

"Yes, yes, yes," Rias cried, clawing at the bedding as she soared towards her peak.

In front of them, Luna watched them with lidded eyes, shaking with need as she hovered right on the edge of orgasm. A stream of whimpers escaped her lips just as a steady drip of her sweet fluids fell to the floor below. She needed to cum so badly, but she knew better than to voice that need. After all, the longer this went on, the better it would all feel in the end. Plus, watching two people so clearly in love express their feelings, that she knew neither had actually spoken yet, was so wonderfully beautiful.

"Parseltongue, please," Rias whimpered.

"Mmm, are you sure?" Harry asked with a teasing grin.

"Yes," Rias growled.

"Well, if you're sure," Harry hissed directly against her clit.

"HARRY!" Rias screamed at the top of her lungs, her back arching off the bed as she came so hard she squirted.

Harry drank down her fluids as best he could, his face becoming drenched in what he missed, and he grinned at the writhing, convulsing girl before him. Her incredible breasts jigged and rolled across her chest as the waves of ecstasy continued to hit her again and again. Harry kept it going for a few minutes straight, well aware by now of how much pleasure she could handle at once before it became too much. As he stopped, she collapsed like a marionette whose strings had been cut and stared at the ceiling with glassy, unfocused eyes.

"Fuck...me," Rias panted after a moment.

Harry couldn't imagine a scenario where he'd deny her that request. Fisting his cock, he lined himself up with her still-quivering pussy and sank inside her to the hilt in one long, slow thrust. She felt every bit as perfect as she always did, and he wasted no time working his way up to a steady pace.

"Fuck, I love your pussy," Harry groaned in her ear as she wrapped her legs around him. "You feel so good, baby."

"So do you," Rias moaned. "You make me feel so damn full."

Harry reached up and grabbed one of her jiggling breasts, bringing the hard nipple to his lips. She cried out as he sucked on the little nub, wrapping her hands around his head. He picked up his pace again, fucking her hard and fast until the sound of her squelching pussy was drowned out only by her screams of pleasure. Changing his angle slightly, he felt his bulbous head slip inside that little pocket deep within her, and she shrieked.

"Right there, right there!" Rias screamed, her sweat-slicked body pressing tightly against him as she pulled him closer.

Harry buried his face in her crimson mane, inhaling her scent and wishing that he could breathe only it for the rest of his life.

"Yes, yes, yes, YES!" Rias squealed as she came hard, thrashing in his embrace as pleasure rocked through her body.

Her cunt rippled and spasmed around his length, as though it were actively trying to milk him, but though it felt absolutely sinful, he could hold on with ease. His stamina had been downright strange from nearly the start and it had only improved since then.

"That was...beautiful," Luna whimpered after a few minutes, her voice strained by need. "Will my turn be soon?"

Rias rolled Harry onto his back and grinned wickedly at the horny blonde, saying, "As I said, Harry's going to bugger you once I'm satisfied, and it will take far more than two mind-melting orgasms to do that, as you know."

Luna just whimpered again and watched as Rias began to ride him hard. They spent the better part of the next hour unleashing their near endless passion for each other. Cowgirl, doggystyle, pronebone, they fucked in multiple positions, always making sure that they were facing the increasingly desperate-sounding Luna, who, by the time Rias called for a break, was actually drooling.

"By Lucifer...if we spend the next...ten thousand years doing that...I won't tire of it," Rias sighed, draping an arm over her head.

"I don't know; I think we'd start to chafe eventually," Harry quipped, earning a playful slap.

"You know what I mean, smartass" Rias laughed. Turning to look at Luna, she said, "Oh wow, you okay, Lu?"

"Need...so bad," Luna mumbled, both looking and sounding frazzled as she stared forward blankly.

"Holy shit, there's actually a puddle of pussy juice down here," Harry said, pointing to the spot right under the blonde's leaking sex.

"Hmm, well, I think you've suffered enough," Rias sighed, pulling her in and canceling the floating spell as she reached the bed. Reaching down, she wiped Luna's lips with the sheets and kissed her softly.

"Huh?" Luna asked, her eyes coming into focus. "Oh, Harry, Rias, please fuck me!"

"Of course," Rias said, tapping her finger on Luna's winking arsehole. As the blonde squeaked, Rias said, "Fully cleaned and very well oiled. She's all yours, stud."

"Every hole," Luna added, resting her face in Rias' lap as she kept her arse stuck high in the air.

Harry, whose incredible stamina had begun to wane after the hour of fucking one of the one hottest women he'd ever met, knew that he wasn't going to last long inside Luna's no doubt sweltering hot, almost painfully tight arse. Luckily, the blonde was far worse off than he was.

"Rias, release the orgasm denial spell once I'm fully inside her, okay?" Harry asked.

"That'll be explosive," Rias chuckled. "Sure."

Harry placed the head of his still-very-slick cock against her arsehole and pushed forward, grunting as he failed to penetrate her at all.

"Give me a second," Luna said, working to relax her tense inner muscles.

While she did that, Harry moved his cock lower and gathered some of her copious fluids onto his glans, making her cry out.

"Tr...try again," Luna moaned.

Harry moved back up to her tightest hole and pushed forward, groaning in delight as he managed to fit the head of his cock inside her. Luna squeaked and grabbed onto Rias as her eyes went wide with shock. Rias ran her fingers though the younger girl's hair and along her back comfortingly.

"Oh, that's so much bigger than the dildo!" Luna cried.

"You transfigured it yourself," Harry grunted as he managed to fit another inch of his cock inside her. "Why not work up to my size first?"

"I wanted it to be a little hard," Luna replied. "Go slow. It feels good, but oh, it's such a stretch!"

Rias looked down at the scene and felt her still gaping pussy flutter around nothing. She had promised Harry her ass if he won the tournament, fully intending to give it to him either way for getting through it, and she had to admit that it did look like fun. Akeno had certainly raved about the experience while sitting on a cushion the next day.

"You're so fucking tight," Harry groaned, moving within her with short, slow strokes as he worked more and more of his cock inside her.

"To be fair, you are as big as my forearm," Luna pointed out, making him laugh.

"I'm not quite that big," Harry chuckled, sighing as he felt her relax around him slightly.

She was starting to get used to this, and he began fucking her with slightly longer thrusts, trying to fit the last third or so of his dick inside her. When his balls started slapping her pussy, she cried out in pleasure.

"Please, Rias, I need to cum; I need it more than anything!" Luna almost screamed.

"And you have been such a good girl, enduring your punishment with little complaint," Rias mused, keeping her eyes on Harry's cock as he buried the last inch of it inside the blonde's arse. The second his hips pressed against her cheeks, she undid the spell, and Luna shattered.

With a long, drawn-out, wordless shriek, Luna came hard, her whole body flushing a bright red as she started thrashing and writhing in absolute ecstasy. A geyser of fluid erupted from her pussy as it spasmed around nothing, soaking Harry's balls. The feeling of her already tight arsehole squeezing him, while his stamina was already at its limits, was too much for him, and with a roar, he came painting her insides white with what felt like a gallon of cum. He fell forward and was caught by Rias, who held the two of them as they rode out the waves of pleasure that turned their brains to mush.

Luna passed out, smiling from ear-to-ear, and Harry managed to roll them onto their sides as Rias shifted to wrap her arms around the unconscious blonde. Staring into Harry's eyes, she smiled and cupped his cheek as he panted for breath, feeling utterly satisfied. He was sure that they'd have more fun later when he had managed to escape the molten vice of Luna's ass, but for now, he was more than happy to lie where he was and bask in the afterglow as he stared into Rias' eyes.

*****

Lucius Malfoy sat in his chair by the fireplace and nursed a cup of elven wine as he looked down at the latest proposal put before the Wizengamot. It was utterly ludicrous, having been put together by some mudblood-loving waste of good blood, and would be struck down with ease, but that didn't mean it couldn't be entertaining.

"Having someone's testimony in court count equally regardless of blood status?" Lucius chuckled to himself as he shook his head. "The ideas some of these lunatics come up with."

"Lucius," Narcissa breathed from the doorway.

"Cissa, I told you I didn't want to be bothered while I unwound...what's wrong?" Lucius asked as he turned and noticed his wife looked pale as a sheet.

"Lucius," a high, icy cold, and terribly familiar voice came from behind his wife.

Narcissa moved aside to allow the cowled figure behind her in, and Lucius felt a stab of fear he hadn't experienced in many years. When his mark darkened a few days earlier, he'd been terrified, thinking that it meant his lord had returned, but when no word came, either to him or his associates, he allowed himself to relax a little. That turned out to be folly.

"M...my lord," Lucius stammered, rushing out of his chair and to his knees before the figure, who could only be Lord Voldemort.

His lord removed his hood a moment later, and his terrifying serpentine visage and crimson eyes confirmed it.

"So you do recall me, Lucius," Voldemort said, sounding furious.

"I...I did not know..." Lucius went to say.

"I'd say there was much you did not know, Lucius," Voldemort cut him off, "but rest assured, your lessons will commence shortly."

Lucius looked down at his lord's feet, quaking in fear as he realized that he should have paid far more heed to the rumors of his survival over the years.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Sep 17, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DeltaRyuujin, oiller, A Simurgh Plot and 510 others
voivode_writer
Sep 17, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 12 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Oct 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#288
"You have talent, but you lack discipline," Souji Okita barked. "Again!"

Kiba growled and swung his blade high towards the man's head, only to shift at the last second and stab towards his thigh. Souji recognized the feint for what it was and effortlessly redirected the blade away before driving his shoulder into the blonde's chest, knocking him back.

"Better," he said. "Again!"

Rias watched the two of them sparring and smiled. Progress was still very slow, but her newest servant seemed to be starting to open to people again. She'd expected things to be difficult with him, and she was proven almost immediately correct, but as she'd expected, her brother's knight was proving to be a capable mentor to the murdered orphan she'd taken in. He had accepted his new name, discarding Isaiah along with the life he'd lost, but actually moving on from what he'd suffered would take time. At least he was better than he'd been on the first day.

*****

"No, no!" Rias heard a male voice cry out as soon as she arrived at her family's castle.

"I take it that's…" she went to ask.

"Your new knight, yes," her father replied. "He's having as rough a go of things as I expected. Violent deaths always leave their marks on those we deign to bring into our service, and given how dreadful his particular end was, you're going to have your work cut out for you there, I'm afraid."

"I'll go to him," Rias declared. "He should recognize me at least."

"Hopefully that helps," Zeoticus said. "Restraining him is easy but time-consuming."

Rias flew up the stairs towards the room that her mother had selected for Isaiah and found her standing outside it, sipping a cup of tea as she watched the display.

"Hello, dear," she murmured as she spotted her.

"Who's in with him?" Rias asked.

"Not Grayfia," Venelana assured her with a knowing smile.

Rias breathed a sigh of relief at that. She truly liked her sister-in-law, but the silver-haired queen of annihilation wasn't the gentlest creature in the universe.

"I'll take care of him," Rias said before turning to enter the room.

"Where is everyone?" Isaiah snarled at the maids, who were holding him down with ease. "Where's Tosca? Where's the bishop? Where…"

He trailed off as he spotted her and froze. Rias was used to seeing boys freeze in her presence, but it wasn't desire she saw in his blue eyes as he took in the sight of her, but fear.

"You," he whispered, sounding horrified. "You were from my dream."

"Oh," Rias thought to herself sadly. Turning to the servants, she commanded, "Leave us."

"Yes, my lady," they said in unison.

"You...you can't be here," Isaiah stuttered, his eyes filling with tears. "You can't be real. You…"

"I'm so sorry," Rias said softly, sitting down on the edge of the bed.

"No," Isaiah choked, weeping openly as he was confronted with the terrible reality that it hadn't been a nightmare. "Why?"

"I can't say," Rias replied. "By the time I arrived, most of them had fled. My friends and I slew the ones who pursued you, but the ones behind it, including the bishop, were already gone."

"Galilei," the blonde growled, his voice filled with such burning hatred that even Rias was taken aback. "Wait, though, why were you there?"

"I was investigating reports of bizarre experiments from the church," Rias replied.

"From the...oh God," Isaiah gasped, wincing in sudden pain as he did so. "You're a…"

"I'm a devil, yes," Rias replied, revealing her bat-like wings to him.

"Our father, who...ahh!" the blonde cried, grabbing his head. "What the…"

"I offered you the gift of devilry as you lay dying, and you accepted," Rias explained. Reaching out to rest her hand on his shoulder, she added, "You're one of us now."

"No, that's...I…" he stammered, jerking his shoulder away from her touch.

He drew his knees up towards his face and curled into a ball as he sat there, staring out at nothing.

"You've been given a new life, my knight," Rias said softly, "and with that comes potential the likes of which you cannot imagine. For now, though, know that myself and my family's servants are here for you."

"Just go," he whispered, closing his eyes. "Please go."

"Alright," Rias said, running her nails softly through his hair. He barely flinched that time, and she gave him one last sad smile before turning to go. As she reached the door, something occurred to her, and she said, "Kiba."

"What?" he asked, opening his eyes and looking at her in confusion.

"We devils sometimes give those we make our servants new names to signify the transition from their old life to their new one," Rias explained. "As my knight, my swift-footed sword, I can't think of a more appropriate name than Kiba Yuuto, and so you should be."

"I guess I don't get a say in that, my master," Kiba spat.

"I won't force it on you, but it really can help you move on," Rias replied softly.

"I will never forget my friends," Kiba growled. "I'll never forget what they did for me, and I will never forget my mission. I'm going to kill Valper Galilei if that's the last thing I do."

"A worthy goal to be sure," Rias said, "but to do that, you're going to need to grow strong enough to take on the fallen angels he's sure to turn to. I can help you there, but you'll need to work with me."

Her new knight gave her a contemplative look at that before lying down on his back and glaring at the ceiling. Figuring that that was as good as things were going to get for now, Rias closed the door behind her and departed back to Japan.

*****

"How'd it go?" Akeno asked as soon as she reappeared in the meeting room of the Occult Research Club back in Kuoh.

"He seems to be improving, but I didn't speak to him," Rias replied.

"I can't wait to properly meet him," Akeno smiled before giggling at the newspaper in her hand. "You outdid yourself with this, by the way."

"It was mostly Luna, actually," Rias smirked. "I just offered some editorial suggestions."

"Well, if her skills as a reporter are any indication, she's going to make a fine devil," Akeno laughed. "Have you decided on the piece?"

"Probably a pawn, actually," Rias replied. "She's as powerful as any normal witch, but it's not like she possesses a sacred gear or anything, so any of the more powerful pieces might be overkill. At any rate, I'm not offering her anything until I've turned Harry, because I don't know what I'll be using on him."

"Probably for the best," Akeno murmured, setting the paper down. "Have you given any thought to Hermione, out of curiosity?"

"As in making her a devil?" Rias asked. "No."

"I'm not suggesting it yet," Akeno said. "She still plainly distrusts us, but she cares for Harry, and she seems to be every bit as smart as he claimed. Sona came by earlier looking for you, and it occurred to me just how outclassed we're going to be when we inevitably face her in a rating game down the line. Her peerage isn't terribly powerful just yet, but she's brilliant and an incredible strategist."

"I wouldn't say that Hermione is her equal," Rias argued.

"No, but she might help even the scales a bit if that intelligence lends itself to strategy at all," Akeno replied. "Just something to think about."

Rias tapped her fingers on the desk as she considered her queen's counsel and looked down at the copy of the quibbler on her desk with a grin. The front page article, written by Luna with her help, was going to have quite an impact on magical Britain.

*****

"So can you give us a hint about what you've done?" Harry asked as he watched his blonde friend practically shake with excitement in the great hall as they had breakfast.

"I've asked more than once, and she's stayed mum," Hermione replied before sipping her tea.

"You'll like it, I'm sure," Luna said, looking up at the high table where the professors were all seated.

Hagrid was there, which was an improvement, though he still looked miserable. She couldn't understand how someone could gleefully hurt such a sweet man. He had never made fun of her for asking about various magical creatures, even when it was clear that he didn't think some of them actually existed.

"If I could have your attention," Dumbledore called out, instantly silencing the entire hall. "First off, welcome back to another term at Hogwarts. This year has been full of excitement, blank, and, I hope, education…"

He trailed off there to allow the few people who laughed to do so.

"Over the holidays, something came to light here that you must be informed about," he continued. "You see Professor Moody sitting to my right, as he has each morning since the start of the year, but this is the first time that you've actually seen him. An impostor had taken his place and used his disguise to cause trouble. Among the things he did was enter Harry Potter's name into the goblet of fire."

That caused a great deal of commotion, and Harry sighed as most of the people around him turned to look at him in shock.

"How do we know that's true?" Malfoy called out, his voice just barely loud enough to be heard through the chatter. "Scarhead could have paid him off to claim that."

"Are you accusing me of taking bribes, Mr. Malfoy?" Moody roared, making the entire hall go silent again and the blonde ponse freeze in fright.

"The aurors are involved, Mr. Malfoy," Dumbledore said. "They are not so easily fooled, I assure you, and neither am I."

"How'd he do it?" Roger Davies asked. "And who was he?"

"He used a very complicated potion," Dumbledore replied, "and he was a criminal who should have ended up in Azkaban for good long ago. As this is an active investigation, I can't say anymore and…"

Dumbledore trailed off then as a whirlwind of fluttering wings erupted into the hall. More owls than Harry could recall seeing at once before in and dropped copies of what was clearly a newspaper in front of everyone.

"Why in Merlin's name would I want the Quib…" Malfoy went to ask before he went silent in shock at the front page of the newspaper.

LOCAL REPORTER BUGS NATION

The title, in big, bold font, stood above a moving image of the reporter in question transforming from her colorful beetle form to an even tackier human form.

Rita Skeeter's articles have become a mainstay of the Daily Prophet. Often expressive, direct, and with a colorful connection to the truth, they've entertained the masses for years. The level of detail in them has left many wondering, ever since Skeeter began her illustrious career in the early seventies, just how she's always managed to get her information.

Well, dear readers, the answer to that burning question is finally here, writes Luna Lovegood, special correspondent of the Quibbler. Rita Skeeter is an animagus; a beetle animagus, to be specific. As colorful as her writing style, the insect form, a representation of Skeeter's very soul, has allowed her for years to access any building she likes completely undetected. Aside from likely dodging the occasional spider, it seems like she's faced very few obstacles in her career.

We at the Quibbler tried to inquire with the Improper Use of Magic Office to confirm Miss Skeeter's status as a registered animagus, but they were unable to do so, likely an oversight of some sort, we're sure. After all, who could deny clear and obvious evidence such as the picture included in this article? We would like to congratulate Miss Skeeter on her accomplishment, as becoming an animagus is quite a feat, and wish her the best, but there are some questions that naturally arise from her work, in light of his information.

The article went on from there to reference several articles Skeeter had written over the years where the possibility that she'd gained her information by flying in and observing the things she wrote of was disturbing, including one back in the mid eighties about some lord's son who had impregnated a girl while they were in their fifth year at Hogwarts.

"We here at the Quibbler aren't accusing Miss Skeeter of spying on Hogwarts students in their most private moments, but we do think that the public has a right to know," Hermione read aloud, laughing. "Oh, she's finished."

Harry figured that she was right about that. Even with the Quibbler having a less than stellar reputation as a newspaper, the damning image and sheer number of accusations contained within would likely result in an investigation, particularly if the people in charge of the auror department weren't fans of the bug.

"Luna, how many copies of this were printed?" he asked.

"Enough to send it to everyone in Magical Britain," Luna replied. "That's what your generous contribution went towards. Thanks again for that."

"Happy to help," Harry chuckled as he set the paper down. "Did you write this by yourself?"

"I got you know who to help," Luna replied. "Not You Know Who you know who, of course, but you do know who."

Harry snorted at that.

"Remind me not to piss you off," Ginny snorted, setting her paper down and shaking her head as she laughed softly.

"Speaking of you know who," Hermione whispered in his ear. "Have you gotten a chance to make any inquiries, yet?"

"No," Harry replied. "I was going to wait for history to do that."

"More productive than a nap, I suppose," Hermione chuckled as she got up.

The three of them walked together, with Luna heading towards her transfiguration class while they were going to History of Magic. As they passed the Slytherin table, they overheard Goyle speaking to Malfoy.

"Um, is it illegal to talk to an unregistered animagus?" the dimwitted boy asked.

Malfoy just pinched the bridge of his nose and glared down at the paper in front of him.

Once they were out of the great hall, Hermione turned to Luna and asked, "How exactly did you get your hands on that picture?"

"Rias got her familiar to stalk her for a while with a magical camera I lent her," Luna replied quietly.

"Thank you," Hermione said, recalling well what the terrible reporter had written about her, "and remind me to thank her as well."

Luna just smiled and left for her class.

*****

Deep in the recesses of his mind, Harry felt all around him for any sign of Voldemort. It had taken probably ten minutes to get to this stage, where he was able to force out all the distractions around him and focus entirely inward. There weren't that many distractions in his history class, of course, just a few scratching quills, more snores, and the droning of a monotone ghost reading a textbook to them. It was a wonder anyone stayed awake in Binns' class, honestly.

In his mind's eye, he was in an inky void, floating aimlessly through nothing and all alone, except, that he didn't feel like he was. He had the strange feeling that he was being watched, and he focused on that feeling, hoping that it might lead him to his target. He continued floating through the void he'd created by emptying his mind to the best of his ability and quieting his thoughts, hoping that he might stumble across something when he bumped into what felt like a door.

"What the…" Harry muttered, opening his eyes and looking at the door in front of him.

In the darkness, he couldn't make out what it was, but it felt wrong, and there was a powerful presence coming from it. That presence didn't seem to be aware that he was there, and he got the sense that he should keep it that way. As he backed away from the door, he noticed a tiny flicker of light to his right, through the corner of his eye, and turned to face it. There was nothing there, and he thought for a moment that perhaps he was seeing things, until he recalled that he was in his own mind.

"Show yourself," he ordered and the tiny flicker turned into a light so bright that he had to shield his eyes for a moment. "Dim that to a level I can look at."

An enraged growl emanated from the area, and the light dimmed. Harry floated over and saw that there was another room inside his mind, this one without a door, and as he looked inside, his eyes widened. There was a man standing in there, or at least what had once been a man. Tall, thin, bald, and pale, he was clad in a dark black robe and a matching cloak around his shoulders. His crimson eyes stared balefully at Harry as he snarled in impotent rage.

"Voldemort," Harry said, smirking at the sight of his great enemy.

"Potter," Voldemort hissed. "It won't work, you know. No matter what you make me tell you or what help you get from having sold yourself to the devils, you will never vanquish me. I am eternal."

"Kneel," Harry ordered.

"I kneel to no wahh!" Voldemort cried out as he was forced to his knees.

A chair appeared before the genuflecting dark lord and Harry sat down.

"Had you not come after my family that night," he said coldly, "you'd have probably won. Instead, you're going to tell me everything you know, and then I'm going to use your own knowledge to finish you off."

The hatred in Voldemort's red eyes as he glared at him was almost palpable, but there was something else in there as well: fear.

"Alright, to start with, how many horcruxes did you intentionally make?" Harry asked.

"Five," Voldemort croaked, trying desperately to prevent the word from escaping his lips.

"Five, Merlin's balls," Harry muttered. "How many did you intend to make?"

"Six," Voldemort replied.

"So there's probably another one that you won't know about," Harry sighed.

"As I said, you will not stop me," Voldemort smirked.

"What objects did you make into horcruxes?" Harry asked.

"My diary, a ring that belonged to my mother's family, a locket that belonged to Salazar Slytherin, a cup that belonged to Helga Hufflepuff, and Ravenclaw's diadem," Voldemort spat, sounding like each word was painful.

"Where did you hide them, other than the diary, of course?" Harry asked.

"Ahh!" Voldemort screamed as he fought against the geas binding his very soul. He clawed at the ground and tried desperately to stop himself from answering, but eventually he did, saying, "The diadem is in the school, in the Room of Requirement, the locket is in a cave in Dorset near the village of Kimmeridge, the ring is the Gaunt's old home just outside of Little Hangleton, and the cup is in Bellatrix's vault in Gringotts."

"You actually hid one of them in Hogwarts?" Harry asked.

"Until that little loon you started bedding learned of it from the house elves, no one else had ever even heard of the room," Voldemort snarled.

"Well, that one will be simple to find," Harry mused. "The cup less so. What sort of protections did you place on them?"

Voldemort winced, having clearly hoped that Harry wouldn't ask, and proceeded to launch into an extensive and disturbing reply about the sheer number of curses he had placed on his horcruxes and what they did. Harry listened eagerly, wishing that he could take notes in his mind and promising to jot all of this down once he came to. Once he was done, Voldemort went silent and glared at him again.

"Alright, now, in your honest opinion, if I wanted to learn all that you know about magic, where would be the best place to start?" Harry asked, curious what his enslaved dark lord would say.

"Occlumency," Voldemort replied through gritted teeth.

"Why?" Harry asked. "In full."

Voldemort growled and said, "If we didn't start learning magic so young, it would be the first thing any of us learned. The ability to properly organize your thoughts can, if taken to its highest extremes, give you a near-perfect memory, while being able to clear your mind and force all unnecessary emotions away is needed for all higher forms of magic."

"Hmm, then we'll start there," Harry said.

*****

"Merde," Fleur spat as she emerged from the water of the lake.

As expected, the grindlylows had swarmed her immediately, and some of the merpeople had worked to intercept her quickly afterward. She hoped that the latter, at least, would be civil during the task, considering that the organizers would have worked out some sort of arrangement with them for this, if only to prevent the champions from killing any of them and sparking a greater conflict, but even then she couldn't be sure.

"Fleur?" Harry asked, and she turned to see the boy who had come to deeply fascinate her standing by the edge of the lake.

His eyes slipped to her cleavage in her silver one-piece, which clung to her voluptuous form like a second skin, but only for a moment before he looked back up to her eyes. Virtually every other straight male in his grade would have ogled her far more and far less subtly than that, and yet he barely looked at all. It wasn't for lack of interest either, for she could feel how much he wanted her, but just due to an unusual amount of self-control. Or maybe it was because of the three women whose fluids she regularly sensed on him these days. Either way, this was no ordinary fourth year.

"'Arry?" Fleur replied. Feeling mischievous, she asked, "What do you think of my swimsuit?"

She gave him a twirl and smirked at the sudden burst of desire she felt from him. Still, when she turned to face him again, his eyes, which she thought were far too pretty to belong to a boy, returned to hers quickly.

"Beautiful," Harry replied. "You really like that color; I take it."

"I've always liked silver," Fleur replied. "Both the color and the metal. Gold clashes terribly with my skin tone, I'm afraid."

"I can't imagine anything not looking good on you," Harry murmured.

"I did not take you for a flatterer, 'Arry," she purred, stepping forward. "So what did...ah!"

She cried out as she put her weight on her right foot and felt a pain in her ankle.

"What's wrong?" Harry asked, rushing forward.

"I got caught in some netting from ze merpeople while I was down zere, and zough I escaped, I must 'ave twisted my ankle," Fleur replied. "I just didn't notice while my adrenaline was 'igh."

"They attacked you?" Harry asked, concerned.

"Zeir people and mine do not get along," Fleur replied. "I'll be fine. I 'ave some cream in my room, which will 'elp sooth ze muscles and get zem to 'eal. I just need to 'obble back."

"Nonsense," Harry said, and before Fleur could say a word, he cast a drying charm on her and then hooked an arm under her knees, picking her up bridal style.

"'Arry!" she cried, wrapping her arms around his neck instinctively and staring into his eyes. "Zis isn't necessary, zough you are impressively strong."

"Please, you're so light, you'd think you have hollow bones," Harry chuckled, walking towards the carriage. "Maybe I'm right, and Veela are related to phoenixes."

"What did you say?" Fleur asked, immediately on guard.

"Um, your people have fire powers, and you have a beautiful voice," Harry explained, tensing immediately. "While you were charming your dragon, I thought that you reminded me of my headmaster's phoenix, Fawkes."

"Ah," Fleur said, relaxing, "and zank you."

He had asked that specifically to see if the Veela were at all aware of their origins, and, from her reaction, he figured it was possible. As they reached the door, he asked, "How do we get in?"

"With zis," Fleur replied, reaching in between her breasts and pulling out a thin, white feather.

Harry felt his cock stir in his pants at the display and watched as she reached forth and tickled the lock, which laughed before the door swung open a little. She helped it along the rest of the way, and he carefully carried her inside. They got a couple questioning looks as they went, but Fleur gestured dismissively at them, and the other students shrugged and went about their business.

"This is much larger than I expected," Harry remarked. It was more ornately furnished as well.

"It's meant to look like one of ze dorms from Beauxbatons," Fleur replied. "We actually 'ave multiple carriages just like zis one, enough to carry everyone if need be, but for ze tournament delegation, we needed only one. My room is at ze end of zis 'all."

"Alright," Harry replied, continuing on. "Do you have any dormmates?"

"Usually, oui, but as ze champion, I got my own room," Fleur replied, smiling.

"A nice perk," Harry murmured. "Here we are."

"You can let me down, you know," Fleur laughed.

"Here," Harry said, carefully setting her down on one leg and draping her arm over his shoulders as he helped her inside.

"Such a gentleman," Fleur chuckled before sitting down on her bed. "Ah, it is already starting to swell."

"Where's the cream?" Harry asked.

"In my top drawer," Fleur replied, giving him an amused look.

He opened her drawer and saw why immediately, as the cream was nestled behind her underwear. Figuring that she was trying to rise out of him, he didn't look at her, but just reached in and pulled out the jar.

"This?" he asked.

"Oui, pass it 'ere," Fleur said.

"I can do it if you tell me what the lake is like," Harry offered. "I listened to my egg the other day. That's actually what I came to talk to you about."

"Very well," Fleur said, repositioning herself so her head was lying on the pillows.

Harry sat down on the bed and moved her feet into his lap. Opening the jar, he dug out a little of the thick white cream with his fingers and started rubbing it into his hands before gently applying it to her swollen ankle.

"Mmm, zat pressure is probably all I can 'andle right now," Fleur winced. "Ze lake is very deep, to answer your question, and dark. Even with Lumos, I could not see zat far."

"Joy," Harry grumbled. "What all is down there, other than the merpeople and the giant squid?"

"Zere were various fish and I zink I saw a few dunabogs," Fleur replied. "Ze worst zings will be ze grindylows. We don't 'ave ze little demons in France, and I am glad for it."

"Hagrid's given a couple lessons on them before," Harry mused as he noticed the swelling in her ankle start to reduce. He increased the pressure of his massage a little, and when she didn't complain, he continued. "They're almost harmless on their own, but in groups, they can be dangerous."

"Ze swarm zere prey, which is anything zey lay eyes on," Fleur muttered. "Ze lake seems to be infested with zem."

"Given that the clue was in Mermish, whatever they take will likely be with them," Harry reasoned. "They have a village somewhere down there."

"Oui," Fleur agreed. "Zat is starting to feel good."

"The swelling's almost gone," Harry said. "This cream is great."

"It's like bruise paste but faster-acting," Fleur explained. "It is also far more expensive. Mama sent a jar 'ere when she 'eard zat I was chosen as champion. Ah! I did not 'urt my foot, 'Arry."

"Do you want me to stop?" Harry asked as he ran his thumbs up along her smooth sole.

"Non, I want to take you back with me to France and 'ave you do zat every day," Fleur sighed.

"Buy me dinner first," Harry said, making her laugh.

"Would your girlfriends object?" Fleur asked, and he tensed.

"Girlfriends?" he asked.

"'Ermione and Luna," Fleur grinned. She knew very well that he was only sleeping with the blonde, though the brunette desperately wanted him.

"Hermione's not my girlfriend, and Luna...so long as she could come along, no, she probably wouldn't," Harry chuckled.

"A girl after my own 'eart," Fleur said, grinning lasciviously at him. "Mental note, get to know Luna."

"You mean you're…" Harry trailed.

"Bisexual?" Fleur asked. "Oui."

"Seems like almost every girl I know is," Harry thought to himself. That was something he didn't mind in the slightest.

He switched to the other foot, and Fleur let out a soft moan that made his cock throb in his pants.

"Was this your first time checking out the lake?" he asked.

"Oui," Fleur replied. "I've known of what ze task would entail for a while but wasn't sure 'ow to prepare, other zan making sure that I mastered ze bubblehead charm. My papa suggested trying to scope out ze battlefield, so to speak, and I figured it was worth a shot. It was certainly educational, zat's for sure. In truth, I don't know 'ow well I'm going to do in zis one."

"Because it's underwater?" Harry asked. When she gave him a questioning look, he added, "Given the whole fire affinity, I figured that you might not care for underwater things."

"I will be at a disadvantage," Fleur admitted.

"We could work together if you like," Harry offered.

"Really?" Fleur asked.

"As I've said, I don't give a toss about the tournament," Harry replied. He wanted to win since Rias offered to let him bugger her if he did, but not so much that he wasn't willing to help someone who had been nothing but kind to him so far. "You'll be at a disadvantage, and I shouldn't bloody be here. Why shouldn't we work together?"

"'Arry," Fleur said, sitting up. "Zank you."

She hugged him then, and he became even more aware than he already was that she was barely wearing anything.

"Mmm, you carry me to my room, rub my feet, and offer to 'elp me with ze task," Fleur mused. "One might zink you want something from me."

She stared into his eyes, their face inches apart.

"Harry, I don't know if you're busy, but Luna summoned me and Akeno, and I have them on their hands and knees and dripping wet," Rias said suddenly.

"Rias!" Harry exclaimed mentally, earning laughter from his crimson-haired lover.

"'Arry?" Fleur asked.

"Sorry, Fleur, I just remembered that I promised to meet Luna," Harry said, carefully moving her feet out of his lap and rushing to his feet, more thankful than ever for the voluminous robes they made the students wear. "I'll see you later."

"Oui," Fleur said as she watched him go. "Definitely need to get to know Luna."

She normally wouldn't have bothered with a younger boy, but there was nothing normal about Harry Potter. From the fact that he was actively fucking at least three girls and might have a fourth if he decided to indulge her, to his unusual self-control, to his increasingly strong frame, he was far more interesting than any of the boys at either of their schools. That wasn't even counting the very promising bulge she'd just felt either. Huffing in annoyance, she stripped out of her swimsuit and laid down, trailing a hand between the valley of her breasts, along her flat, toned stomach, and towards her slick sex.

*****

"Yes!" Akeno screamed as Harry entered the room.

His eyes went wide as he took in the sight before him. As Rias had promised, both Akeno and Luna were on their hands and knees. What she left out was the fact that they were connected by a double-ended dildo which they were frantically rocking back and forth on while kneeling on what looked like a rubber floor. He watched their arses slap together with wide, lust-darkened eyes and turned to Rias, who was sitting on a high-backed chair with a glass of red wine in her hand.

"Hello," she purred as he entered.

"Hi, Harry," Luna said cheerfully. "Rias thought of a new sex game for us. It's fun, but it would be much better if I could cum."

That couldn't have been going on for long. The last time they experimented with orgasm denial with Luna, she was so overwhelmed by the time they got to her that she could barely speak.

"I'm not sure fun is how I'd describe that," Harry murmured. "The hottest fucking thing I've ever seen comes to mind."

"Really?" Luna asked, furrowing her brow, "Because it is."

"Mmm, definitely," Akeno purred. "I'm so wet, I'm dripping. This feels so good, Harry. Rias had Luna get the room to make it just as big as you, but it's still not the real thing."

He could see that she was as wet as she said, and the sight of her fluids dripping on the floor made him even harder.

"You are overdressed," Rias declared, grinning at him.

With a wave of her hand, his clothes vanished, and his aching cock sprung free into the air.

"My my, you look nearly purple," the redhead purred as she flew over to him. "This isn't just from us, is it? Tell me, who were you with just now?"

"Fleur Delacour strained her ankle, and I rubbed cream into the bruise," Harry replied. "That ended up turning into a foot massage, and let's just say that if you hadn't reached out to me, I'd have summoned you the second I could get up here.."

"Hmm, she's the Veela, right?" Rias asked. "Perhaps we should meet."

"That might not be the best idea," Harry replied, trying not to think about how hot it would look to have the two of them together. "We get along well, but I have no idea how she'd feel about devils in general, and as my competition, she might consider getting your help to be cheating. Unlike me, she actually cares about this damn tournament."

"That's too bad," Luna pouted. "I'd love ever so much for her to sit on my face. The girl has an arse you could bounce a galleon off of."

"Hmm, if I'd known you were into feet, I would have offered to let you play with mine a while ago," Rias purred, her tone both flirtatious and teasing. As if to emphasize her point, she lifted one leg and placed it on his shoulder, pressing her heated sex against his throbbing, hard cock.

"I wouldn't say I'm into feet per se," Harry groaned, ghosting his finger over the top of her foot down along her leg, "but I'd happily massage every inch of you if you wanted."

"I'll take you up on that some day," Rias grinned, "but right now, massage is the last thing on my mind. I had so much fun the other day, having you fuck me while Luna watched, unable to touch herself, that I decided to try it again with both of our lovely submissives."

"It's going to be so hard to watch you two like this," Akeno shivered. "By the end, I'll be so turned on, it'll hurt."

"And then we'll cum so hard our brains will turn to mush!" Luna exclaimed. "I should have made friends years ago. This is so much fun!"

"Oh, Luna," Harry thought to himself, closing his eyes.

"The longer we go on treating her well, the sooner she'll move past the years of loneliness," Rias said mentally, guessing what he was thinking.

Harry smiled at her and pulled her in for a searing, hot kiss, which she returned eagerly. Grinding his cock on her wet pussy, he groaned as he realized just how turned on she already was.

"I had Akeno and Luna both get me ready for you," she whispered in his ear.

Without another word, she flew up and sank down on his length, taking the entire thing to the hilt in one smooth motion. Harry groaned in her ear as she started riding him, wrapping his arms around her. She had used her ability to fly in the bedroom before, but that had been to let her eat him out while he was fucking Akeno on her back. Actually riding him in the air was new, and it took him a few attempts to start returning her thrusts properly, but eventually he figured out a rhythm that worked.

"That looks...ugh...like fun," Luna whimpered as she started fucking herself back against Akeno harder, though to no avail.

"I'll have to...try it out," Akeno agreed. "Fuck, I need to cum."

"You don't sound that desperate yet," Rias laughed.

"Rias," Akeno whined, though they both knew she was into this.

"Luna, create a bed," Rias called out. "This is nice, but I want to ride him properly."

"Okay," Luna said, and a moment later, a large bed appeared right in front of her.

"Hey!" Akeno cried.

"Oh, sorry," Luna laughed, having the bed moved to where they could both see it. "I'm kinda distracted right now."

"Come," Rias commanded before picking Harry up and flying them to the bed, making sure that his cock stayed lodged deep inside her. The second he was lying on his back, she grinned and started rolling her hips hard and fast, moaning, "This is much better."

She rode him hard, and he groaned, both at the feeling of her perfect pussy milking his cock and at the sight of her large, impossibly firm breasts jiggling as she moved. He reached up and cupped her massive mounds with his hands, kneading them just the way that he knew she loved. When his right thumb brushed over her nipple, she gasped, and he grinned. Leaning forward, he captured the hard pink nub with his lips and sucked on it gently.

"Oh, just like that," Rias sighed, wrapping her hands around his head and holding him to her chest. "Fuck, I am never going to get used to how big you are. You feel so good inside me, baby."

"You're so bloody tight and as hot as a furnace," Harry groaned before switching to the other nipple.

He rolled her onto her back and grinned down at her, picking up her arms and pinning her hands above her head. They both knew she was stronger than him, but she was more than willing to let him pin her down anyway, at least for a while. He started fucking her with long, hard thrusts, reaching her greatest depths each and every time.

"Yes, yes, yes!" Rias cried, wrapping her legs around me. "Harder!"

Harry picked up his pace and changed the angle of his thrusts slightly, moving to hit one of those incredibly sensitive spots deep inside her. Since the first time they slept together, after the first round anyway, he's had no trouble at all finding the spots inside her that really made her scream. It was the same with Akeno and Luna, and he had loved learning their bodies just as well, finding with surprising ease what worked for them. Soon enough, he felt the head of his cock slip inside a little pocket near her cervix, and he grinned as she immediately shrieked.

"Ahh, fuck!" Rias screamed, barely stopping herself from scratching his back. Instead, she moved her hands to the bed and clawed at the sheets, screaming, "More, more, more, YES!"

Her back arched upward, her body seeming as though it were reaching out to him, and he groaned as he felt her already vice-like pussy squeeze his cock rhythmically. He kept his pace steady, drawing out her pleasure as much as he could, and spared a glance at Akeno and Luna, whose movements on the double-sided dildo had grown frantic.

"Need to cum, need to cum, please!" Akeno whined as lightning started to spark between her fingers.

He had wondered why the two of them were kneeling on a rubber floor, thinking that it might have just been because Rias wanted to get a good look at just how much of their fluids leaked to the floor below, but Akeno's powers were another possible reason.

"Fuck her...throat, Harry," Rias panted, grinning up at him with a lustful gleam in her eyes.

"Will we show her mercy afterward?" Harry asked.

"If she can take the whole thing," Rias replied loudly, and both Akeno and Luna rejoiced at that.

Luna still struggled with taking his cock in her mouth, but Akeno would have no trouble.

"I'll do it," Akeno whimpered as he approached, eyeing his bobbing, glistening cock with obvious desire in her eyes. "You know I will."

"I do, baby," Harry rumbled, grinning at how she shuddered in response. Reaching down to grab her arsecheeks, he spread them wide and got a good look at how wide her inner walls were stretched around the large toy she was rocking against. "Fuck, you're wet."

Akeno just whimpered at that, and he chuckled. As he moved around to her, she opened her mouth wide and stuck out her tongue, drooling on the floor and winking at him. He grabbed his cock and brought it to her lips, moaning as she took him in immediately. He let her bob her head up and down on his length a few times, going deeper and deeper, until she swallowed him into her tight little throat. Then he grabbed her head and thrust forward, sighing as she took him to the root without gagging.

"If I became a devil, would I...ugh...lose my gag reflex too?" Luna asked, moaning as she continued to fuck herself back against Akeno.

"Possibly, though we can train it away as you are," Rias replied. "How are you enjoying your Harry replica?"

"It feels good, and the stretch is really nice, but it's not him," Luna replied.

"Glurk glurk glurk," Akeno gagged, forcing the sound just for the hell of it while she did outright sinful things to him with her tongue.

"She's being a good girl, Rias," Harry said, adoring the feeling of Akeno's tight throat. "I think she deserves a reward."

"Hmm, I guess you're right," Rias mused. "Luna, vanish the toy and create a strap on Harry's size for me."

"Oh, please, yes," Luna gasped, getting the room to get rid of the dildo her and Akeno had been fucking since before Harry arrived and having it create a large single dildo with a leather harness. She sucked on the tip of it, getting it nice and wet before handing it to Rias, who quickly put it on.

"Just imagine," Harry whispered. "One of these days, I'm going to fuck you in the ass while Rias buries every inch of that thing, or one just like it, into your dripping little pussy."

"Gah!" Akeno cried, letting Harry's cock slip from her mouth as her whole body shaked. With a rougher voice than normal, she begged, "Rias, please undo the spell!"

"I think if not for it, your words would have just made her cum," Rias giggled. "As for your idea, I'm sure Akeno could earn it."

She snapped her fingers, and the orgasm prevention spells on Akeno and Luna were undone. Akeno wasted no time getting into position on the floor, sticking her arse high in the air, and resting her head on her hands. Harry took a moment to admire her wide hips and round arse, seeing Luna move into the same position next to her. The two contrasted in almost every way, but each was gorgeous, and he was going to enjoy fucking them both before he came. Akeno was up first today, though, and he and Rias had tortured her enough. Fisting his cock, he lined himself up with her dripping, quivering quim and plunged forward with one long thrust.

"YES!" Akeno screamed, "fuck me!"

"Oh, wow," Luna sighed as Rias slowly slid into her.

Harry reached out and grabbed Akeno's hips, digging his fingers into the pliant flesh, and grinned at Rias when he saw her do the same.

"This is new," he commented.

"Oh Harry," Rias grinned, "we haven't even scratched the surface of the fun we can have just yet."

The two of them began fucking Akeno and Luna, and it became immediately clear to Harry that this wasn't something that Rias did that often. Her thrusts weren't haphazard and awkward or anything, but it took her a while longer than him to find her rhythm. This didn't exactly matter to Luna, who was so turned on, it hurt, and soon enough, she was moaning and screaming as she soared towards her peak. She had nothing on Akeno, though.

"Yes, yes, yes!" Akeno screamed. "I love your fucking...ahh...cock!"

"Just think, come the summer, you can have it whenever you like," Harry grinned.

"Can't wait," Akeno grunted. "I lo...lo...HARRY!"

"Fuck," Harry groaned as she came around his cock, milking him hard. She squirted all around him too, flooding his balls and the floor below them as she writhed and convulsed in ecstasy.

"Just like that, just like that, just...AHH!" Luna shrieked as she came a few moments later, falling forward and dragging Rias with her, who continued pounding her prone into the floor, prolonging her orgasm.

"Let's switch," Harry said as Akeno slumped forward.

"Gladly," Rias purred, eyeing her queen lasciviously.

"Let me...change something," Luna panted, clearly focusing on something.

A moment later, the rubber section of the floor changed and turned into a giant, comfortable mattress.

"There," she sighed, resting on her belly. "Could you take me like this, Harry? I love how it feels in this position."

"Okay," Harry said, grabbing his cock and lining himself up with her already very pink, swollen-looking pussy. He pushed forward and sighed as her snug inner walls immediately clung to him.

"So how will I earn that double penetration you teased earlier?" Akeno asked as she rolled onto her back.

"It's actually less about you earning it and more about me getting more experience using strap-ons," Rias replied, chuckling.

"However, will you do that?" Akeno asked teasingly.

"I'm sure I'll think of something," Rias grinned devilishly, pulling Akeno's hair back and licking her neck as she sank every inch of the dildo inside her.

Harry worked up to a steady pace with Luna, kissing along her neck and nibbling on her earlobe as she whimpered and moaned softly.

"You should...oh right there!...offer to train with Fleur," Luna moaned. "It could let you get to know her better and...ahh...see I she could become a friend."

"Your definition of friend differs from most," Harry chuckled.

"I think we're the best sort of friends," Luna sighed. "We can always make more friends together."

"So long as they're girls," Harry said, going still for a moment.

"Of course," Luna said, looking around at him. "As much as I like your penis, I wouldn't want to wake up with one in my face every morning, and having another man around would increase the chance of that. On the other hand, I could fall asleep in the middle of a big pile of girls and be perfectly okay with that."

"That makes two of us," Harry thought to himself, fucking her again.

Luna moaned and cried out as he changed angles slightly and started brushing against her g-spot with each thrust. He kept them slightly shallow for a couple minutes, enjoying slowly working towards her orgasm, and when her moans started to get louder, he began thrusting deeply again, burying every inch of his cock inside her and reaching that sensitive spot near the very back of her cunt.

"Oh, Harry, fuck!" Luna cried, clawing at the mattress in front of her. "Don't stop!"

Harry kept his pace steady and looked over at Rias and Akeno, seeing them slowly rocking against each other as they made out tenderly and softly. He smiled at the display and thought about just how attached he'd become to all three of them over the last couple months. Luna might have dreamed of vast orgies, and he wouldn't exactly object to the sort of things she dreamed of, but he was happier than he'd ever been in his life, and he wouldn't trade what he'd found with them for anything.

"As soon as I can, I need to take them out on actual dates," he thought to himself, shaking his head at the absurdity of the fact that he hadn't yet, even though he knew why.

"Yes, yes, yes, YES!" Luna screamed as she came.

"Fuck," Harry groaned as he quickly followed her, painting her inner walls white with his cum as he shot spurt after spurt of it deep inside her.

The two of them rocked against each other as pleasure coursed through them and then collapsed as it ended. Harry rolled them onto their sides and wrapped an arm around her, holding her tight as the two of them panted for breath.

*****

Hermione rushed to the seventh floor after her arithmancy class ended. Harry had spent the entirety of their history class with his eyes closed, not paying the slightest attention to the actual lecture. This wasn't unusual on its own and she had teased him before about how he was going to get through his sixth and seventh years at Hogwarts without his nap time, but this time was different in one way. Instead of sleeping, he had been trying to contact the piece of Voldemort apparently lodged inside his head. Just as class was about to end, she had gently woken him, and all he'd had to say was that he'd tell her and the others together later.

As she reached the usually empty corridor, she found the door already there and figured that she was the last one to arrive. Opening the door, she expected to find Harry, Luna, Akeno, and Rias sitting around a fireplace and waiting for her. That was not what she found.

"That...was...amazing," Luna panted as Harry pulled his still-hard cock from her depths.

"Harry, I...EEE!" Hermione squeaked as she walked in.

Akeno and Rias were lounging together on what looked like a giant mattress on the floor, while Luna and Harry lay next to them. Hermione's chocolate brown eyes went wide as she took in the sight of the debauchery around her, unable to look away or even decide where to look. From the sheer exhausted satisfaction on Rias and Akeno's beautiful faces and the way their bodies shone with sweat to Luna's vagina, which gaped almost comically as a veritable river of semen escaped it, it was utter depravity. What drew her eyes most, though, was Harry, for as undeniably beautiful as the women he'd just finished debauching were, and strange things that recognizing that beauty made her feel, nothing held a candle to him.

"How the hell did all of that fit inside Luna?" she wondered to herself as her unblinking eyes locked onto his turgid cock.

"Luna?" Harry asked under his breath.

"Left the door...unlocked for you...too distracted...to lock it," Luna panted. "Sorry."

"I...I...I…" Hermione stuttered, unable to form words.

Suddenly the room changed, and she found herself standing outside what looked like a large shower, with a frosted-glass door blocking her view of anything other than the shape of them.

"I'm sorry, Hermione," Harry said. "I know I said to meet us here, but I lost track of time. If you could wait, we'll clean up as quickly as we can."

"We won't be long," Rias added as Akeno laughed.

A chair appeared behind Hermione, and she sat down, her heart racing in her chest as the images she'd just seen refused to leave her mind. Her thighs brushed against each other as she sat, and she had to stuff her knuckles in her mouth to stop herself from moaning.

"Why in the world am I turned on?" she wondered to herself, closing her eyes and trying to will away her growing arousal.

She would have expected to feel envy and pain at actually seeing Harry be intimate with his lovers, but just like before, she found herself growing wet at the mere sight of him undressed. The four of them were all gorgeous in their own way, and seeing them together had an effect on her that she couldn't wrap her head around.

"At the end of the day, it's four very attractive people in an intimate moment," Hermione reasoned. "It was like reading the steamy scenes in Mum's romance novels only with visuals. That's all it is, just arousal over what was essentially porn."

As she tried to convince herself of that, she heard the shower turn off and then the room shifted again, taking on the form of the Gryffindor common room. Freshly showered and dried, Harry, Rias, Akeno, and Luna all sat down, and Hermione tried not to notice how much the three girls all limped.

"I'm really sorry again," Harry winced.

"It's fine," Hermione said, managing to keep her voice steady. "You said that you managed to contact the horcrux?"

"Really?" Ria asked.

"Yes," Harry replied. "I was going to wait until we were all here to discuss it. He's really in there, and, as Lord Ajuka said, my slave."

"So it really is all true," Hermione thought to herself, shuddering in horror.

"He made five of the things, that he knew of," Harry continued.

"Five?" Luna asked, horrified.

"Yes, five innocent people he murdered to make himself immortal," Harry scowled. "He murdered far more than five innocents, though."

"Where are they?" Rias asked.

"Scattered about Britain," Harry replied. "One is in a cave in Dorset; one's in the village his parents grew up in; one is in a vault in Gringotts; I've no idea how the hell we're going to that one, especially since it's owner is Azkaban; and one's in this room."

"In here?" Hermione asked. "How many of those things did he make while he was a student here?"

"Two," Harry replied, "and the one here isn't either of them. He applied for the DADA position before he started his reign of terror. Dumbledore told him to go fuck himself, not in those words, of course, and he took the opportunity to hide the diadem in the Room of Requirement."

"The diadem?" Luna asked, a sinking feeling overtaking her.

"Yeah, Ravenclaw's Diadem is one of the horcruxes," Harry replied, wincing at how sad Luna looked at the thought of that. "Just ask the room to reveal it, and it should."

Sure enough, a moment later, an ornate silver diadem appeared on the table between their chairs.

"Oh, this is definitely one of them," Rias murmured as she hovered her hand over it. "I can feel the presence of a soul in this. Because it doesn't have its own to obscure the presence of the fragment, it's much easier."

"It's beautiful," Luna said sadly. "Rias, could Lord Sirzechs, not use this one as his first test subject? I mean, we'll be able to get two more pretty easily, probably."

"I can wait to give it to him until he's tried destroying the soul fragment in a couple others," Rias replied, giving her a comforting smile.

"Thank you," Luna smiled.

"It would look good on you," Akeno commented.

"It's also said to have all manner of enchantments on it," Hermione murmured, just getting over her horror at the idea that there were four more of Voldemort's horcruxes lying around out there. "Some say that it makes the wearer smarter in some way."

"Curious," Rias murmured, sharing a look with Akeno.

She grabbed the diadem, feeling its malevolent power reach out to her immediately, and flared her own magic warningly. Voldemort might have been powerful by human wizard standards, perhaps to the level of a low-class devil, but that didn't make him a match for her.

"What are you going to do with it?" Akeno asked curiously.

"I'm going to store this safely away in the Gremory castle," Rias replied. "Wait a minute and summon me back."

"Will do," Harry said, smiling as he watched her teleport away inside a magic circle.

"You know, I've wanted to test out the limits of this room for a while now," Hermione piped up. "Luna, is it possible to transfer control over?"

"If it is, I don't know how," Luna replied, "and it would be simpler to just go outside and have you be the one to walk back and forth in front of the wall. Just remember to clearly visualize what you want. I find it helps to focus on something you know well, at least at first."

"Alright," Hermione said, and the four of them exited the room, the door to which disappeared behind them.

Focusing clearly on her first test, she walked back and forth in front of the wall, and after three times, the door reappeared. With some excitement, she opened the door and walked inside, gasping at what she found. Harry followed her into what was clearly a small bedroom of some sort, with a modest twin-sized bed, a desk, and a large armoire. Given the numerous piles of books scattered around the room, it wasn't hard to guess who's bedroom it really was.

"Rias Gremory," Luna said, holding out a summoning paper.

"There, that's well stored for now," the redhead said as she appeared. "Where are we?"

"My bedroom," Hermione breathed, looking around in awe.

"You brought us into your bedroom? How forward!" Akeno cooed teasingly.

"I...that's…" Hermione sputtered, turning red.

"Behave," Harry muttered, swatting Akeno's ass and making her moan. "I take it this is a perfect recreation?"

"Yes," Hermione replied, forcing herself to look away from them, "down to the last detail."

"This room really is incredible," Rias commented. "I can't even fathom what sort of enchantments went into making it work as it does."

"We should tell Lord Ajuka about it," Akeno said. "If he could figure it out…"

"We know that he can bypass the wards with ease," Harry added.

"Perhaps," Hermione said as she opened the drawer in her desk. "You said yourself that the man is incredibly bus…"

She trailed off then and went silent, staring down at the perfect recreation of her desk in absolute shock.

"Hermione?" Harry asked, furrowing his brow at the sudden change in her.

"This...this is…" Hermione stammered as she pulled out a small book bound in pink leather.

Sitting down on the bed, she opened it, and her eyes went even wider as she read through the first few pages.

"What's wrong?" Luna asked, sitting next to her.

"This is my diary," Hermione whispered, her eyes growing misty as she looked down at it.

"Your diary?" Harry asked.

"I haven't seen this thing in years," Hermione whispered. "It was accidentally placed in a box of things we were donating to the church my grandmother used to drag us to. When we realized what had happened, we tried to find it, but it had been discarded. I was devastated."

"Oh," Luna said, "and I guess in your mind, the ideal version of your desk still contained it."

"It wasn't something that I wrote in often, but I liked to jot down my thoughts now and then," Hermione said. "These first few entries, they're from when I was eight."

"How nice," Rias commented.

"No, you don't understand," Hermione muttered, placing the book down. "I don't remember what I wrote back then; my memory isn't that good, but as I read through these entries, they feel familiar. For the room to be able to recreate this…"

She got up then and grabbed one of the books scattered about her room and flipped through it, her eyes going wide as she did so.

"They're real," she gasped. "They're not facsimiles meant to mimic what I had in mind, but they're perfect recreations. Do you know what this means?"

"No, but you seem excited, so please tell us," Akeno replied.

"This room's more powerful than I ever imagined," Hermione breathed, sounding frantic, "more powerful than it should be. This…"

She stood up, and the room around them changed, switching away from the warm and simple bedroom, with its beige walls and hardwood floors, to something that looked like the Hogwarts library.

"Surprised she didn't think of that first," Harry thought to himself in amusement.

It continued growing then, though, expanding far beyond the bounds of their already large school library into a room that stretched on further than he could see. More and more shelves filled the ever-expanding space, each one packed full of all manner of books. He heard Luna gasp as it continued, and soon Rias joined her.

"Lucifer's light, is this…" Rias gasped.

"What bloody library is this?" Harry asked. "It's huge."

"All of them," Hermione replied breathlessly, twirling around and looking around with wide eyes. "I had the room show me every book ever written."

"That's not…" Rias went to say.

"It's about bloody time," a new voice said, one with a thick Scottish accent, not unlike Professor McGonagall's. "I was beginning to think that no one would figure out what I made this room for."

The shelves moved away from the source of the voice at Hermione's silent instruction, and the lights brightened to reveal the moving portrait of a rather stern-looking, dark-haired woman, wearing deep blue robes and the very diadem they had just found.

"Rowena Ravenclaw!" Luna gasped.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Oct 4, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DeltaRyuujin, oiller, A Simurgh Plot and 562 others
voivode_writer
Oct 1, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 13 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Oct 15, 2024
Add bookmark
#325
"Indeed I am," Ravenclaw replied. "I see at least one of you is from my house."

Harry, Hermione, and Luna just stared at the portrait in slack-jawed shock, while Rias and Akeno looked at them in confusion.

"I take it this is someone important?" Rias asked.

"One of the founders of our school," Harry replied while Hermione continued staring mutely.

"Were you the one who made this place, my lady?" Luna asked.

"Yes, I was," Ravenclaw replied. "How long has it been since I died? It feels like centuries."

"About nine hundred years," Hermione replied, finally recovering from her shock. "I didn't know that any of you four had portraits made."

"Hufflepuff's portrait is in her common room," Luna piped up. "I overheard a couple of them talking about her once."

"That makes sense," Ravenclaw smiled. "Helga would have wanted to continue watching over her badgers in perpetuity. Godric meant to have one made but kept putting it off again and again and ultimately died before he could. As for Salazar, if he ever had one made, it's probably in his chamber."

"It isn't," Harry said, "or at least, I didn't see it."

"You've been inside his chamber?" Ravenclaw asked, her thick eyebrows shooting towards her hairline.

"Yes," Harry replied. "His basilisk was unleashed on the school, and I had to go kill it and rescue one of the students."

Ravenclaw gasped and asked, "How many died?"

"None, actually," Harry replied. "One student did when it happened the first time about fifty years ago, but there were only some petrifications this time around."

"Did you bring some roosters to bear against it?" Ravenclaw asked.

"No, I stuck Gryffindor's sword through the roof of its mouth," Harry replied. "I would have died if I hadn't had a phoenix nearby to cry in my stab wound."

"You are a credit to your house, my boy," Ravenclaw declared, "and you cannot fathom just how drunk Godric would have gotten you to celebrate that accomplishment. What are your names?"

"Harry Potter," Harry replied first, "and these are Luna Lovegood, Hermione Granger, Rias Gremory, and Akeno Himejima."

Hermione's eyes widened as he mentioned Rias' name, and she noticed that Ravenclaw's did as well.

"I did wonder why two students at this school wouldn't have known my name," Ravenclaw chuckled, her piercing blue eyes fixing on Rias. "Are you both devils, then?"

"Would that be a problem?" Rias asked, her eyes narrowing.

"A problem? Why would it be?" Ravenclaw asked, looking confused.

"Um, did wizards and witches not have a problem with devils in your day?" Hermione asked.

"We taught our apprentices to be very careful with them and not enter into pacts lightly, but beyond that, no," Ravenclaw replied. "I take it things have become somewhat different?"

"Contacting them is quite illegal," Harry replied. "I only did it because I was entered into the tri-wizard tournament and needed help to survive it."

"The what?" Ravenclaw asked.

"Oh, right," Harry chuckled. "It's a tournament held between Hogwarts and two of the schools formed after you died; Durmstrang in Eastern Europe and Beauxbatons in France."

"So the idea did take off," Ravenclaw smiled. "Good. Now, you said your name was Gremory, right? Have you met a Zeotopas or something along those lines?"

"My father's named Zeoticus," Rias replied. "Did you two meet?"

"Not personally, no, but I remembered Salazar mentioning a Gremory devil that he summoned and made a pact with," Ravenclaw replied. "He only mentioned him once, and I couldn't quite recall the name."

"What did he want?" Luna asked.

"Salazar undertook a journey to Athens in his youth, where he learned about an ancient wizard who could speak to snakes," Ravenclaw replied. "He was always quite fond of the animals and became convinced, due to the symbolism of the caduceus, that learning to speak their tongue as this wizard did would help improve his understanding of healing magic. Eleanor, his wife, was quite ill at the time, and in his desperation, he reached out to your father, seeking to gain the ability."

"My father...gave him that?" Rias asked, trying not to think in that moment just how fond of it she had become.

"Yes," Ravenclaw replied. "I don't know if it was how he ultimately cured Eleanor or not, but I do know that he managed to bind the ability to his bloodline. It was a very impressive feat of magic."

"Speaking of magical feats, how exactly did you create this place?" Luna asked. "It's incredible."

"I don't know," Ravenclaw replied.

"You...don't know?" Harry asked, confused.

"Have you heard of my diadem?" Ravenclaw asked, pointing at the one on her head.

"Yes," Harry replied, not wanting to explain what had become of it.

"Famed as I was in my day for my intelligence, I sought more and enchanted that diadem to enhance my abilities," Ravenclaw explained. "While wearing it, my mind became faster, sharper, and more capable of making connections rapidly, but enchanting it came at a cost. To enhance my intellect, I had to pour it into it. Once I finished that project, I began work on my magnum opus, my omnilibrary, a room capable of conjuring copies of all that our people had lost in Alexandria centuries before I was born. I succeeded, though it consumed the last twenty years of my life, but just as I put the finishing touches on it, my daughter stole my diadem and left me a shell of myself."

"I'm so sorry," Luna said.

"I was already sickly by then, and, in the aftermath of her betrayal, I...didn't last much longer," Ravenclaw scowled. "I had hung my portrait in the room, and I didn't get the chance to move it before I died and it activated. I contain all that I knew at the moment of my death, which isn't all that I knew while I still wore this."

She pointed at her diadem as she said those last words, and they could see the pain clear in her eyes.

"We could move you, if you like, but I would need to ask that you not mention the devils to anyone," Harry offered. "Perhaps your portrait could hang in the Ravenclaw common room."

"Thank you, but no," Ravenclaw replied. "I've grown too used to silence and peace and honestly think that the noise would drive me mad. It's enough for me to know that someone finally figured out what I actually intended for this room to be used for. I've been able to feel when the odd person entered it over the centuries, but you're the first one I've actually seen because you had it create the library specifically. Who figured it out?"

"I did," Hermione replied. "I had it recreate my bedroom, and when it managed to create a perfect copy of my old diary, I wondered what other books it could make."

"All of them, apparently," Rias muttered.

"I meant for it to be a repository of all knowledge," Ravenclaw smiled. "Even if I never got to make use of it, at least someone will. Return me to my peace now, child."

"Of course," Hermione replied, and with a single silent order, the portrait disappeared.

"Holy shit," Harry laughed, looking around the room. "This actually contains every book ever written."

"So it would seem," Rias breathed, marveling at the room around her.

"There is so much knowledge that has been lost through the centuries," Hermione said, sounding dazed. "The Library of Alexandria, the House of Wisdom, and even minor incidents like Savonarola's madness in Florence in the fifteenth century. If all of that has been recreated here…"

"That's not even the half of it!" Rias exclaimed, sounding more excited than Harry had ever seen her. "Every secret ever written down could be within these halls. Every corporate secret and government secret; the veritable fortune that could be made from all of this…"

"I swore that I just heard Lady Venelana's voice come out of your mouth," Akeno grinned teasingly.

"Oh, shut up," Rias muttered indignantly. "Even beyond the mortal creations in here, who knows what books written by our kind, the angels, and the gods could...the book of crea…"

Before she even finished saying that, Harry whipped out his wand and cast, "Accio the Book of Creation!"

They all stood in silence for a moment, but when nothing happened, Harry sighed.

"I guess it had to have some limits," Rias sighed. "Still, if Azazel's writings are in here, or Michael's, this room could be utterly invaluable. I can't imagine how Lord Ajuka would react to seeing all this."

"Sona might cum," Akeno said, making the both of them laugh.

"Accio The History of Cardenio," Hermione cast, and a rustling of paper soon followed.

An old-looking book, which seemed to have been hastily bound together, flew slowly towards them and into Hermione's shaking hands. A table appeared before her, and she set the tome down, carefully opening it to reveal the parchment inside.

"Shakespeare's lost play," Rias murmured, looking over her shoulder.

"Hmm?" Harry asked.

"Shakespeare purportedly has two lost plays, not counting an apparent earlier version of Hamlet," Hermione explained breathlessly. "Love's Labour's Won, which may or may not actually have existed, I suppose we'll find out, and this; Cardenio. It's real...this room truly can…"

She trailed off then, and Harry, noticing a tear run down her cheek, rushed over and asked, "What's wrong?"

"I…" Hermione sniffled. "It's silly, but I just...I could live to be as old as Professor Dumbledore and not read all of these."

"Hermione," Harry chuckled, pulling her into his arms.

"What if you lived for ten thousand years?" Rias asked, and he looked at her in shock.

"Huh?" Hermione asked, wiping her eyes and turning around to stare at the redhead in confusion.

"What you've uncovered here is more powerful than you realize, more powerful than I suspect its creator realized," Rias gushed.

"Knowledge is power, after all," Akeno grinned.

"It will take ages to sort through it all, but there's no telling what long-lost secrets of magic or anything else we'll be able to find here," Rias grinned, looking around in excitement. "My biggest problem is going to be finding a place to store all these texts."

"You can't take things out of the room that it's created, though," Luna pointed out. "I learned that the hard way when I tried to smuggle out a glass replica of Harry's penis to ride."

"I don't have to take this out of the room," Rias replied, pointing to Cardenio. "I just need to copy the words on these pages onto real paper and bind it. My familiar will be able to do much of the work while I'm in Japan."

"I know a house elf who might be more than happy to help with that," Harry said.

"I...you would make me a devil?" Hermione asked in shock.

"What you've given me here is priceless," Rias proclaimed, "and I can't think of anything I could give you in return that would match its value, aside from eternal youth at my side with Harry. The copies I have made of these texts will fill my future library in the underworld to the brim. I'm going to need someone to look after them."

"That...I…" Hermione stuttered.

"I'm extending the offer to the both of you," Rias said, turning to Luna, who's large blue eyes widened in delight, "though it will have to wait until after I've turned Harry into a devil. I don't know which or how many pieces he will take."

"Yay!" Luna exclaimed.

"I can think about it, then?" Hermione asked, her mind racing. "This is a big and very sudden offer."

"Of course," Rias replied warmly. "It will probably be a while yet before I can use the evil pieces on Harry, so you'll have plenty of time."

"Alright," Hermione smiled weakly, letting go of a breath she didn't know she was holding. "Thank you; I just...I really didn't expect that."

"I didn't take her up on the offer immediately either," Akeno said soothingly. "I did eventually decide that the perks were more than worth it, of course."

Akeno's purple eyes flashed over to Harry and back to Hermione as she said 'perks' and the brunette blushed as she realized just what perks the raven-haired beauty was referring to in her case.

"I, um, I need to class...lunch...dinner, that's it," Hermione stuttered. "I guess I'll see you two there."

"We'll be down a few," Harry replied.

"Good, that's good. Bye," Hermione said awkwardly before leaving.

"You really want to make Hermione a devil?" Harry asked Rias the second the brunette was gone.

"Do you think I shouldn't?" Rias asked.

"Well, no, it would be great to have her...I mean, it could be great if I didn't have to worry about vastly outliving her, but I just didn't think that you were interested in her," Harry replied.

"I wasn't at first," Rias admitted. "Her suspicions grew tiresome, even if I could understand where she was coming from, but it seemed this time like getting the final proof that you had a horcrux in your head settled all of that. You pulled the location of one of the other soul fragments from the one in your scar, and there's no arguing with that."

"You're right," Harry replied. "In truth, she's seemed to be a lot more accepting in general since I told her about the horcrux."

"She's worried about you," Akeno said, looking up from the pile of random books she and Luna had grabbed to look through. "I get the sense that worrying about you is rather normal for her."

"That's fair," Harry grimaced.

"It took her a little while to accept that we weren't threats to you all while she had to come to terms with the fact that you were sleeping with us," Akeno added, "but with her seeming to have moved on from that, even after seeing the aftermath of our latest tryst up close, she was perfectly nice."

"What really settled it for me was all this, though," Rias added. "It might not contain the Book of Creation, but this library is going to be more useful to me than you can imagine, and that deserves the highest of rewards."

"Devilry," Harry smiled.

"Yes, but also you," Rias grinned.

"Huh?" Harry asked.

"I'll ask her someday when she first started thinking about you sexually, but I wouldn't be surprised if it was not long after the troll incident," Rias said.

"But we were…" Harry went to argue.

"Girls mature faster than boys, and she is several months older than you," Rias cut him off as she walked up to him. Tracing a finger down along his jawline, she purred, "If I'm right, that means that she's spent years fantasizing about you, dreaming about being taken by you."

"Probably in the library," Akeno added, laughing.

"Rias," Harry gasped, feeling his cock spring to life again.

"If you want her to take me up on my offer, it wouldn't hurt to sweeten the deal a little, lover," Rias whispered in his ear, cupping his cock through his robes. "An innocent thing like her? She'll be addicted from the first taste of the pleasure you can bring her."

"Fuck," Harry hissed, feeling himself harden rapidly under her hand.

"Tell me, Harry, do you want her?" Rias continued, grinning wickedly at his reaction to her. "Do you want to stretch her tight, slick little pussy wide with your big, fat cock and look deep into her chocolate brown eyes as she cums around you?"

"Yes," Harry groaned. "Fuck, yes."

"Then do so," Rias said, stepping back and giggling at the frustration in his lovely green eyes.

"You really should," Luna piped up without looking up from the books in front of her. "She's been such a good and loyal friend to you all these years; it would only be natural for you to gift her your wonderful penis."

Akeno snorted at that.

"Did you two find anything interesting?" Rias asked. "I'm sure the lion's share of what's in here is worthless."

"Oh, there are many interesting things," Luna replied, looking up. "Just walking through the shelves and picking books at random, I found a cook book with a hundred and one recipes for dragon eggs, a volume from Queen Victoria's diary, and a journal written by a dark wizard who got some elves to build him a temple and was really mad when they messed it up. He sounds like a real jerk."

"What was his name?" Harry asked, mildly curious.

"Dran Draggore," Luna replied. "I've never heard of him before."

"Me either, though I often sleep through our history classes," Harry chuckled. "Anyway, we probably should get to the great hall and grab a bite to eat."

"Alright," Rias said, kissing him softly. "Summon me tomorrow around the same time."

"Will do," Harry smiled, brushing her hair behind her ear.

"I'll sadly be busy," Akeno pouted, rushing in to kiss him as well. "I'll guess you'll just have to make it up to me."

"You know I will," Harry rumbled, smirking as she shuddered.

Luna kissed them both as well, and the two devils departed, leaving them alone. Looking around the impossible library one last time, Harry took Luna's hand and went to have dinner.

*****

"Kiba, hello!" Rias exclaimed as she spotted him in the entryway of Gremory Castle.

"Rias, hi," Kiba replied, smiling slightly as he saw her. "Are you here for me?"

"Actually, I need to speak with my mother," Rias replied. "Is she in?"

"Yes, she's in the sauna," Kiba replied.

"Come, I haven't spoken to you in days," Rias said as she made her way towards the sauna. "How are you doing?"

"Holding it together, I guess," Kiba replied. "I'm still not sleeping much, but more than I was."

"That will pass," Rias said softly, rubbing his shoulder. "It took Akeno a while to move on from the loss of her mother and...everything else. Such wounds never fully heal, but their sting does ease with time."

"I'll settle for scarring," Kiba scowled. "Akeno is one of the other two who were there that day, right?"

"Yes, her and Harry," Rias replied. "You'll meet her soon enough, though Harry's in England and unlikely to be by anytime soon."

"I still can't get over the idea of instant teleportation," Kiba said, shaking his head.

"It's immensely useful," Rias smiled. "How go things with Souji? His last report was quite complimentary."

"My training sessions with Sensei are honestly the best parts of my day," Kiba replied, smiling more than she'd seen him do yet. "I seem to be making progress with him, at least."

"Be patient," Rias said softly, turning to him. "Soon enough, you'll join me in Kuoh, and we'll begin your more extensive devil training. You're going to be quite popular at the academy, you know."

"If you think that will help," Kiba murmured.

"Now, there's something that I need to speak with my mother about," Rias said, "but I'll see you again before I go."

"It's nice seeing you again," Kiba nodded before turning and leaving.

Rias smiled at her servant, pleased to see him so much improved from how he was when he first woke inside the castle. Taking a deep breath, she turned around and opened the door to the sauna, pleased to find it unlocked.

"Ah, Rias, dear, when did you get here?" Venelana asked, sighing to herself as she sat entirely naked inside the small wooden room.

She threw water over the hot stones, filling the room with steam again as Rias shut the door. The redhead looked at her mother, admiring the proof that she'd still look beautiful in a few thousand years, and vanished her clothing with a wave of her hand.

"Just now," she replied. "I needed to talk to you."

"Is this about Harry Potter?" Venelana asked.

"What makes you ask that?" Rias asked.

"He's half of what you talk about these days," Venelana replied. "It is, isn't it?"

"Yes," Rias replied, wincing a bit.

"How serious are things between you two, anyway?" Venelana asked.

"I really like him, Mother," Rias replied. "I might actually be falling for him."

Venelana smiled at her daughter, though her purple eyes remained sharp and calculating.

"So what is it that you needed to talk to me about?" she asked.

"You mentioned years ago that you did a favor for the goblin king centuries ago," Rias replied.

"Yes, King Gorescythe ," Venelana said. "He had been poisoned by his younger brother, who coveted his throne, not long after their father passed. He was young, and his only son was still an infant, so he had every reason to fear what his brother would do next. By chance, he happened to summon me and he begged for my help, offering whatever I wished in response."

"It's rare you get people that desperate," Rias chuckled.

"He's lucky he didn't summon one of our worse brethren," Venelana smiled. "I offered him three favors for three favors to be fulfilled by either him or a later reigning king, and he signed in his very blood. I slew his brother, saved his son from an assassin's blade, and delivered a cure for his poison in one night. In doing so, I secured a significant boon. I didn't call in any of the favors during his lifetime, nor that of the son I saved, but a couple centuries ago, I stumbled across a lucrative opportunity and needed the aid of the goblins to secure it, so I called in the first favor. I take it, you need something from the goblins?"

"Has Sirzechs filled you in on what's keeping the evil pieces from working on Harry?" Rias asked.

"No," Venelana replied, looking interested. "Lord Ajuka figured it out then? For a problem to take him over a month, it must have been complicated."

"Harry has the fragment of another man's soul in his head," Rias replied.

Venelana just blinked and asked, "What?"

"You heard him say that when he was a baby, a wizard tried to kill him and died in the process," Rias explained. "That man had created multiple horcruxes, not realizing that that might be a bad idea, and when he blew up…"

"A piece of his soul split off and latched onto Harry?" Venelana asked, her eyes widening.

"Yes," Rias replied. "Sirzechs figures that he'll be able to destroy it without harming Harry, but he's never tried anything like that before…"

"Who would?" Venelana asked rhetorically. "It would be pointless normally. Where do the goblins come in?"

"Lord Ajuka figured out how to enslave the horcrux to Harry, and he forced it to tell him where the others are," Rias replied. "Sirzechs plans to practice on them before trying to destroy the piece inside Harry, and one of them is in a vault in Gringotts. We could break the vault's owner out of prison and try to force them to retrieve it, but there are a number of things that could go wrong there, and I wondered if perhaps it might be easier to turn to you."

Venelana laughed and said, "You bring me the most interesting problems lately. A broken engagement, a traumatized alterboy turned devil knight, and now this…"

"Can't say my life's been boring of late," Rias muttered. "I know it's asking a lot, but…"

"It really isn't," Venelana cut her off, waving her hand. "I destroyed two little goblins and handed over a vial of phoenix tears in exchange for three unlimited favors. I do so love desperate souls. I'm more than willing to use up one of my favors to get the horcrux to Sirzechs, but only on one condition."

"Name it," Rias said, smiling widely.

"Harry accompanies me to the bank," Venelana replied.

"Mother…" Rias went to protest.

"No, it's not negotiable," Venelana replied. "I owe him his half of the earnings from the basilisk harvest anyway, and I want to get to know this man you're falling in love with better."

"Neither of us have said that word yet," Rias spluttered.

"Your secret's safe with me, dear, as will be your boyfriend," Venelana grinned. "I haven't been in England since their queen's coronation. What was that, forty years ago now?"

"Probably," Rias huffed, folding her arms under her breasts. She had no idea what her mother was thinking, and she didn't like that.

"You're worrying over nothing, Rias," Venelana laughed, pouring more water on the stones and sighing.

*****

"So zis chamber was 'idden for centuries?" Fleur asked as Harry led her along.

"Yes," Harry replied. "He built it primarily to hide his monster. It probably had other things stored in it as well at one point or another, but it had been uncovered likely more than once before I found it, so there's no way of knowing."

Voldemort theorized that other descendants of Slytherin's must have looted the place before he found it because, to his outrage, it had been empty of everything other than the basilisk by the time he found it.

"What monster was zis?" Fleur asked.

"A basilisk," Harry replied. When Fleur stilled, he said, "Don't worry, it's dead."

"You are sure?" Fleur replied.

"Killed it myself," Harry replied as he turned and entered Myrtle's bathroom, making her go still again.

"What?" Fleur asked.

"Who's she?" Myrtle asked, glaring at Fleur.

"You killed a basilisk?" Fleur asked, "And why are we in a girl's restroom?"

"Yes, and I prefer not to think about it," Harry replied. "Myrtle, this is Fleur Delacour, Beauxbatons' champion in the tri-wizard tournament. Fleur, this is Myrtle Warren; she was killed by the basilisk I slew back in the forties, the last time that the chamber was opened. It was in part thanks to Myrtle here that we were able to figure out what was petrifying people."

That was a stretch, but given how unhappy the temperamental ghost looked as she glared at the beautiful woman before her, he figured complimenting her might be a great way to prevent the two of them from being drenched in toilet water.

"Hello, Myrtle, you're looking lovely today," Luna smiled as she walked in just then, "and hi, Fleur, you look nice too."

"Luna," Fleur said, her brain still stuck on the quintuple-X creature that her opponent in the tournament had apparently slain.

A sudden hiss next to her drew her attention, and she looked to see a hole open in the wall in front of Harry. He hissed again, and she shuddered as she realized that he was speaking parseltongue as he'd said he could. She had read accounts of a woman who had had a parselmouth lover once, and the descriptions of what that felt like were some of the most scintillating things she'd ever come across. With her already thinking about trying to get Harry into bed, learning that he could speak the tongue of the snakes had only inflamed her passions further.

"It's just down here," Harry said, pointing to the stairs. "I figured, with this place being so out of the way, that it would be an ideal training spot."

"It is secure, oui?" Fleur asked. "I only ask because I would expect it to be rather decrepit after centuries of neglect."

"It was when I found it, but I've cleaned the place up and fixed it," Harry replied.

He'd meant to speak to Hermione after dinner the night before, but she'd apparently either grabbed food and ran or gone straight to the kitchens because she was nowhere to be seen. When a quick look at the map showed that she was in her dorm already, he decided to search the chamber for Slytherin's portrait, ultimately finding nothing. Being there had given him an idea, though, so, making use of the psychotic magical encyclopedia in his head, he set about cleaning, repairing, and reinforcing the place enough that he could use it to train.

"I won't be introducing her to the Room of Requirement until I'm sure I can trust her with knowing about Rias and Akeno, but this will work about as well," Harry thought to himself as they reached the bottom steps.

"Lumos," he cast, illuminating the room.

"Wow, you must have really cleaned this place," Luna piped up. "It looks much better than what you described."

"Well, I didn't want nearly a thousand years of grime to scuff Fleur's lovely uniform," Harry chuckled, grinning at the statuesque blonde.

"You are so very zoughtful," Fleur giggled.

They continued on, and he hissed at the door to the main chamber, letting them in. It had been a flooded mess when he first found it, but he'd managed to restore it remarkably well. Voldemort hadn't bothered back in the day because he didn't care and didn't know how back when he was a student, but he'd learned much in the decades after that and had been more than capable of explaining how to dry out and repair the place, once Harry had ordered him to.

"This was the room where I fought the basilisk," Harry explained as they went in, "though its actual chambers were behind that door there."

"'Ow did you fight it?" Fleur asked, "And when?"

"In my second year and with a sword," Harry replied. At her disbelieving look, he added, "It's eyes had already been scratched out by our headmaster's phoenix, so I didn't have to fear its deadly gaze. Just it's deadly teeth and enormous body."

He chuckled at that last part, though neither of the girls joined in.

"Show her your scar," Luna piped up, flashing her eyes wide for a moment.

"Scar?" Fleur asked.

"Yeah, I ended up stabbing the damn thing through the roof of its mouth, the only vulnerable part that I could find," Harry explained, pulling his robe open enough to reveal the round scar on his shoulder.

"Here, I can help," Luna said, grabbing her wand. Before Harry could say a word, with an impish grin on her face, she summoned his clothes off of his body, leaving him in just pants and shoes.

"Mon Dieu!" Fleur gasped as she saw him.

"Thanks, Luna," Harry ground through his teeth while giving her a look that promised a spanking later, something she didn't look the least bit bothered by.

"Zis is it?" Fleur asked, ghosting her fingers over the rough scar tissue on his shoulder.

"Yeah," Harry replied, shivering at her touch. "Fawkes, Dumbledore's phoenix, was still there and was kind enough to cry in the wound."

"'E saved your life," Fleur said absentmindedly, still running her hand over his scar and staring at his muscular torso. "Multiple scars and a body like zis, one would zink you'd been trained for war."

"Just forced to fight," Harry replied grimly. "Anyway, it won't help specifically with the second task, but I was thinking that you could join Luna and me in mock-dueling. It's what I've been using to hone my skills and improve my reflexes."

It had been in the beginning, anyway. More recently, he'd begun improving his spell repertoire and focusing on trying to actually spar with Rias and Akeno. The key word was still try, as they were well beyond him, but then, they'd be well beyond most wizards and witches. He figured that it would be a good place to start with Fleur, though, giving them a chance to get to know each other better, and that if they decided that they liked training together, then he could focus on more aquatic training.

"Zat sounds good," Fleur replied. "What spells do you usually stick to?"

"Stingers and paint conjuring mostly," Harry replied. "To replicate things like stunners and cutting curses without actually sending one another to the hospital wing."

"Good to know you aren't entirely mad," Fleur teased, "at least when you're not fighting basilisks."

"Or trolls, or cerberi, or dementors, or dragons," Harry listed. In his mind, he added, "Or Crouch," feeling the usual sting of rage that he did when recalled the death eater who'd bested him and used his blood to revive Voldemort.

"No wonder you were so calm before ze dragon," Fleur said, her eyes widening the more he spoke. "What sort of school is zis?"

"For regular students, it's mostly normal," Harry chuckled. "Danger just happens to stalk me like a starving animal."

"And yet, you've overcome every challenge," Fleur breathed, sounding impressed.

"I've had no choice," Harry replied, summoning back his shirt and putting it on, making Luna pout.

"If I'm sitting out this round, then you two can start on my signal," she said, transfiguring part of the floor into a chair for her.

Harry himself had improved significantly since he started training, but he hadn't quite appreciated at first just how much Luna had picked up from taking part in it. Her transfiguration was well beyond third-year level by now, and she had even managed to learn a few of the more complicated charms he'd been working on as well.

She smiled at him as he and Fleur moved to the far ends of the round room, and once they were in position, she said, "On three. One, two, three!"

Fleur immediately fired off three stinging hexes at him, which he dodged with ease. Countless hours of dodging far faster and more painful attacks from Rias and Akeno had made that easy, and where it had taken all of his focus before, now he could do it without thinking, allowing him to counterattack immediately. A line of conjured paint streaked across the room, forcing Fleur to duck.

"It's actually really impressive zat you conjure at all," she remarked. "You 'ave not even sat your OWLs yet."

"I'm still finding it tricky," Luna admitted. "Mostly, I just fling stingers at him and watch him jump around. All that running and jumping has given him such a nice bum."

Fleur giggled at that, while Harry gave Luna a deadpan stare. Taking advantage of his distraction, Fleur shot a wordless stinging hex his way. Harry saw it coming, but rather than dodge it, he tried to swat it.

"Fuck," he hissed as he failed, managing to hold onto his wand despite the pain.

"Spell swatting too?" Fleur asked, cocking an eyebrow.

"I can pull it off about half the time now," Harry grumbled, shaking his hand as it started to swell a little.

She gave him another appraising look before beginning again. The two of them continued their sparring for a while, gliding about the room and lobbing the least dangerous offensive spells they knew at each other. Eventually, they moved past stinging hexes and added stunners and shields to their approved spell list. Luna sat and watched them eagerly, entertained as she always was by Harry's training when she wasn't an active participant. Nothing they were using was beyond her ability, and the odd time a stray spell went her way, she was able to get a shield up easily enough.

Harry quickly realized just why Fleur had been chosen as her school's champion, not having gotten much of a demonstration of her abilities during the first task. Against the dragon, she'd just used her phoenix-gifted ability to sing and, as he'd learned later, a water-conjuring spell to put out the flames that caught her skirt. In the actual mock-duel, though, she demonstrated far more of what she was capable of.

For one thing, she was incredibly nimble on her feet and glided around the room almost effortlessly. When Harry started training, he'd taken more than one tumble across the ground because he lost his footing, something that had stopped happening weeks ago. Fleur showed no such issues, and soon enough, the two of them had both worked up a sweat.

"You're incredible," Harry commented as he swatted away her latest stunner.

"I'm good, you're incredible," Fleur corrected him. "As if I didn't already 'ave trouble believing you're a fourth year."

"I wasn't this good when my name came out of the goblet, I assure you," Harry chuckled. "Even with all the other times my life's been in danger, it took the tournament to really make me realize that I had to take all of this more seriously."

"'Arry, 'ave you ever given any zought to getting your education elsewhere?" Fleur asked. "Zis school sounds like it is bad for your 'ealth. Beauxbatons would be 'appy to 'ave you and it would be far less dangerous, I assure you. Ze weather would also be infinitely better."

"I have no doubt," Harry chuckled, though in truth, her words did make him think, not about going to Beauxbatons, but about what he was going to do once the Horcrux was gone.

With it removed, he would theoretically have no further barriers to accepting an evil piece and becoming a devil, and after that, there really wouldn't be much of a place for him at Hogwarts. The castle had been like a home to him for years, the first one he could remember, and he knew that he'd miss it, but he also knew that Rias was going to want him with her once he was a devil, and as he thought about it, he realized something else. She was home to him. Being able to wake up with her in his arms and not have to summon her just to see her would be incredible, and if both Luna and Hermione joined him in becoming devils, there wouldn't be all that much keeping him in Britain at all.

"You wouldn't be there, unfortunately," Harry murmured, not giving voice to any of the thoughts swirling through his head.

"Ze palace 'as a few other attractions, I assure you," Fleur smiled.

"I'd miss you if you left," Luna said simply.

"You know I wouldn't leave you," Harry said warmly, making her smile widely.

Getting her father on board with any sudden changes would potentially be difficult, but he'd cross that bridge when they got there.

"Shall we begin again?" Fleur asked, "or would you like a turn, Luna?"

"I can tag in when either of you next hits the other," Luna replied.

With a smile on his face, Harry readied himself to resume the spar, glad that he'd thought to use training to get to know the gorgeous Veela better. Not only was she good company, but she was good with her wand too. Trying not to think about how good she'd be with his wand, he dodged her first stinging hex and returned fire.

*****

"It's all thanks to you," Harry said. "Your time-turner and your belief in me. Without you, I wouldn't have saved Sirius. I owe you so much, Hermione."

"Not as much as I owe you," Hermione replied, staring up into his gorgeous eyes and wishing that she could lose herself in the emerald pools forever. "I…"

"Are you saying that you don't want a reward?" Harry asked, his voice low and rumbling as he took a step forward.

Hermione backed into the door of the train compartment, shivering as she found herself pinned between it and the hard, surprisingly muscular body of her best friend. As he pressed himself against her, one particularly hard part of his anatomy pressed against her, and she gasped.

"Wha...what kind of reward?" she squeaked, flushing red at her own broken voice.

"We both know what you want from me," Harry whispered in her ear, "what you've always wanted. The train won't reach the station for hours, and no one will dare bother us in here. Say the word, and I will worship every inch of your beautiful body until you're a panting, sweaty mess, begging for release."

Hermione was shaking with need already, wet and wanting in a way she only ever got when she thought about Harry. She knew that at a single touch from him, she'd crave him forever, and her heart hammered in her chest as indecision clawed at her.

"He's man enough to fully satisfy two creatures of lust, Hermione," Rias purred, suddenly in the train car. "Two of us and a witch."

"Face it, he'd utterly ruin you," Akeno grinned, walking her fingers up the brunette's arm. "You'd know pleasure that you've never even imagined. What does it matter if he has a few other lovers too? It's not like we wouldn't welcome you happily."

"Harry's penis is enormous," Luna said sagely.

"Gah!" Hermione gasped as she woke, her face going crimson as she realized that she'd nodded off while reading in her dorm room.

"That must have been some dream," Lavender giggled, making her blush even harder. "Relax, luv, we're the only ones in here just now, and I've heard you have dreams like that before. Your secret's safe with me."

"Th...thank you," Hermione stammered, mortified beyond measure. "What time is it?"

"Supper's about to start," Lavender replied. "You okay?"

"Yes," Hermione replied, casting a quick tempus charm to confirm the time and scowling as she did.

She'd intended to get a little reading done in her spare time, as only being three chapters ahead in her Charms textbook simply wasn't enough, and she must have nodded off as her body tried to catch up on sleep.

Because, of course, she couldn't sleep.

"Are you coming?" Lavender asked.

"No, there's something else I need to deal with," Hermione replied. "I'll see you later."

"Later," Lavender smiled before heading out.

The thing in question was paying Dobby to bring her food again, like she'd done the night before, because she really couldn't guarantee that seeing Harry just then wouldn't make her head overheat to the point of melting. The affectionate house elf wouldn't accept more than a knut, but Hermione was too scatter-brained to argue.

"I hate this," she thought to herself as she put a feather in her book to keep her place and set it back in her trunk.

All her life, she'd been decisive and assertive. Half the reason she never had friends while she was in school was because it took her forever to learn how to keep an opinion to herself. She hated feeling so weak and indecisive, but what could one do when the thing they wanted most terrified them?

"The girl who set a professor's robes on fire in her first year here would be very disappointed," she thought to herself glumly.

She wanted Harry more than she'd ever wanted anything in her life, and she was pretty sure that he was attracted to her as well. Luna certainly seemed to think so, though that was the core of the matter. Luna, Akeno, and Rias were in his life to stay, and she knew that if she was going to date him, she'd be one of four and potentially more. The others were willing to welcome her into their odd little relationship too, so she couldn't truly resent them.

She just had to share him with them.

"I would be an only child," she thought to herself, shaking her head.

She hadn't had to share anything growing up and couldn't deny that it left a mark on her. The idea of sharing wasn't even the part that bothered her most.

"Rias and Akeno are supernaturally beautiful women, and even Luna is very pretty," she thought to herself. "It's perfectly natural to look at them and think they're gorgeous and being turned on after seeing them so thoroughly debauched by Harry is…"

She sighed and called out, "Dobby?"

"Harry Potter's Hermione wants Dobby?" Dobby asked, and Hermione flushed at what the elf insisted on calling her.

"Could you bring me more of the same as yesterday?" she asked.

"Shepherd's pie and a mug of butterbeer coming up," Dobby smiled, disappearing and reappearing a moment later with her dinner.

"Thank you so much," Hermione said, handing him a knut.

"Dobby is happy to help," Dobby replied before disappearing again.

"Merlin, I love lamb," she groaned as she dug into her meal, setting the mug down on her end table.

She ate in silence, enjoying the tranquil quiet of her dormroom compared to the raucous noise she would have found in the great hall. This was much more helpful to her as she weighed the pros and cons of the decision before her.

Rias had been pretty clear in her offer. Becoming a devil would mean spending millenia at her side, serving her, and gaining permanent access to all the knowledge in the world for it. She was under no illusions about being able to copy and remove half of what she'd seen in the omnilibrary. Even if she spent the next few years working at it, she couldn't afford enough paper to copy it all onto. Rias could, though, and would likely get it done very quickly too. Beyond that, though, the pointed look she gave her when she specified that Harry would be part of it was too telling to be anything other than an invitation to join her with him too.

"The debauchery you walked in on today would likely be nothing compared to what you'd experience daily if both you and Harry became devils," her traitorous mind thought, and she rubbed her thighs together at the thought. "Could I really live like that, though?"

Her parents might not be the warmest creatures on Earth, but they had instilled in her a set of values that she held to. Living a life of orgiastic Bacchanalian hedonism was pretty firmly against those values, and that was precisely what she expected life with devils to be like.

"Oh, so you did eat," Harry said, and Hermione screamed.

"Harry?" she hissed, whipping around and seeing him flying just outside her window.

"I made a roast beef sandwich for you," Harry said, holding it out. "Mind if I come in?"

"I guess this is one way around the enchanted stairs," Hermione snorted, shaking her head. "Okay, though I don't think you'll fit easily."

"Oh, that's simple," Harry replied, flicking his wand into his hand.

Without a word, he transfigured her window into a hole large enough to fly through easily and dropped in. Hermione felt heat pool in her lower belly at the casual display of magic, realizing again just how much her friend had improved as a wizard since he summoned Rias into his life.

"I already ate, but I could probably take half of that," Hermione said, looking down at the delicious sandwich in his hands.

"Fleur showed me a stasis charm for food, so I loaded it with up with beef drippings and froze it in place," Harry replied, transfiguring a quill into a knife and cutting the sandwich in half.

"Au jus, how appropriate?" Hermione chuckled, taking the sandwich from him as he sat next to her on her bed. "Are you planning to seduce Fleur too?"

"I don't even know if I could introduce her to Rias and Akeno yet," Harry replied. "If she's cool with them and everyone's interested, then sure?"

"Do you ever wonder how your life became...this?" Hermione asked, moaning as she dug into the pseudo beef dip.

"Oh, every day," Harry replied once he'd swallowed. "No idea what they all see in me, but I'm not about to argue."

"I'd say I have a pretty good idea," Hermione smiled, and his eye bore into hers, making her shiver.

"I figured you just needed time to think," Harry said, "but I also know you well enough to know that you can overthink if left to your own devises."

"I can't argue with that," Hermione sighed as she washed down the last of her meal with her butterbeer. "Want some?"

"Sure, thanks," Harry replied, taking a sip before handing her back the mug.

Their hands touched as she took it back, and she gasped at the spark she felt.

"It's okay," Harry whispered, rubbing little circles over the back of her hand. "Just a spark. I think there's been one between us for a while now."

"Harry!" Hermione gasped.

"Am I wrong?" Harry asked, peering deeply into her eyes.

"No, you're not wrong," Hermione whispered, "though I was sure it was purely one-sided. Is this because of how I looked at the Yule Ball? Because, Harry, that wasn't me."

"It looked like you," Harry chuckled. When she went to argue, he said, "That wasn't the first time that I thought you were sexy, Hermione."

"Sexy?" Hermione squeaked. "I mean...er...when?"

"When you punched Malfoy in the face," Harry replied, and her jaw dropped.

"Really?" Hermione asked incredulously.

"Picture me doing it and tell me you wouldn't find it hot," Harry said heatedly, and Hermione blushed. "It doesn't hurt that you were wearing those tight, bloody jeans. Fuck, you look good in them."

"Harry," Hermione breathed, her heart racing in her chest so fast she swore it might burst out.

"Say the word, and I'll draw your curtains closed, silence the bed, and spend all night showing you exactly how much I want you," Harry rumbled, and Hermione snapped.

Pulling him in, she mashed her lips against his and moaned when he moved her onto her back and pushed his tongue inside her mouth. Sliding it against hers, he coaxed it out to play as he continued kissing her passionately. She followed his lead, lacking his experience, and soon they were making out, pouring every bit of their desires for each other into each kiss. Hermione felt her cotton panties soak through in moments and cried out when Harry ground his hardness against her through their clothes.

"Wait, wait, wait," Hermione gasped. "The others…"

"Are all okay with this," Harry cut her off. "Are you okay with them?"

As horny as she felt in that moment, she was pretty sure that she could be okay with anything, though she didn't know if she'd feel the same in the morning.

"We can take things slow if you need to," Harry murmured against her ear.

Slow would be smart, it would be safe, and responsible, all things that Hermione usually was. She didn't want to be those things in that moment, though; in that moment, she wanted to be his, even if just for one night.

"I've wanted you since I woke from my petrification, Harry," she said. "I think that's slow enough."

"Why then?" Harry asked, unable to stop himself.

"I heard everything while I was frozen, Harry," Hermione replied. "I know how often you came by to read to me. It was the sweetest thing anyone had ever done for me."

"I couldn't stay away," Harry murmured, kissing her again.

She sat up, not breaking contact with his lips for a moment, and scooted back so that her legs were fully on the bed. He climbed in after her and, with a wave of his wand, closed the curtains behind him.

"I can't believe my first time's going to be here," Hermione whispered.

"In a couple days, we can go up to the room, have it recreate your bedroom again, and do it there," Harry suggested. "I'd like to take you in your own bed."

If Hermione grew any hotter, she feared she'd catch fire.

"I...want to see you," she stammered.

"You've already seen most of me," Harry chuckled. "I'm sorry about that again, by the way."

"Luna apologized too," Hermione laughed lightly. "She almost sounded like she meant it."

"She can be a bit of a brat," Harry rumbled, making her pussy flutter around nothing from his tone, "but she means well. The other day was genuinely a mistake too."

"She seemed pretty out of it," Hermione commented. "You seem to have that effect on women."

"As you'll learn soon enough," Harry smirked.

He removed his robes, and his shirt soon followed, revealing his deliciously muscular physique. If there was one thing that Hermione could absolutely be thankful to Rias for, it was inspiring him to develop his body. She bit her lip as he stood up and removed his belt. From where she was seated, his bulge was lined up with her face, and her eyes widened as she saw just how large it looked. She had seen it in all its glory before, but from a distance and in a state of shock. Up close, even through his pants, it looked even larger than before, and as he slowly pulled them down, revealing inch after thick inch of his rock-hard erection, her breath hitched.

"Oh my God," Hermione breathed as it sprung free. "This isn't the result of an engorgement charm gone wrong, right?"

"You know, as well as I do, that wouldn't have ended well," Harry chuckled, taking his cock in hand and lifting it up until it was pressed against his abs.

It was so long and so thick that she didn't know how it was going to fit inside her, but she knew that she wasn't going to be able to rest until she tried.

"It doesn't bite," Harry quipped as he let it go and stand on its own.

"Then I guess I shouldn't either," Hermione giggled, still feeling nervous. "Sit, please."

Harry sat down, and Hermione reached out to wrap her hand around his cock, finding that her fingers didn't even touch. She gave it a few tentative strokes, marveling at how simultaneously hard and soft it was. He was uncut, she noticed, though she had seen as much through that speedo Luna had him wear. When she saw a pearlescent drop of liquid form in the center of his bulbous head, without even thinking, she leaned forward and licked it up, making him hiss. It didn't taste bad at all, she determined, and she started planting wet kisses all over his glans.

"Fuck, Mione," Harry groaned, and she rubbed her thighs together at the sound.

Her eyes locked onto his face, and she found his look of pleasure to be the sexiest thing she'd ever seen. His cock was ridiculously thick, and she had to stretch her lips wide to take him in, but soon she had a couple inches of his heavy length resting against her tongue.

"I can't believe you're sucking my cock," Harry gasped, his fingers snaking into her bushy hair. "Mind your teeth and don't try to take too much of it."

Hermione nodded and started slowly bobbing her head up and down, taking little more than the head and a couple inches beyond it. She moved her tongue against it in every way she could think of, keeping her eyes focused on him to see what worked, and caved her cheeks in a bit to start sucking on him more. Using both hands, she started stroking him, and quickly enough, she'd worked her way up to a steady rhythm.

"Fuck me, you're a natural," Harry groaned, and she preened at the praise.

More of his precum spilled onto her tongue, and she swallowed it happily, thrilled at being able to bring him such pleasure. Keeping one hand on his cock, she brought the other down to his balls and carefully cupped them.

"Even they're comically large," she thought to herself as she fondled his testicles. "Did his mum's family have giant's blood?"

"Oh Merlin, Hermione," Harry groaned, and she laughed with glee, making him groan again.

Feeling more confident, she took a little more of his cock into her mouth and sped up. She felt him get dangerously close to the back of her throat and gagged slightly, but just moved back a little without pausing.

"Hermione, fuck," Harry moaned, and she swore she might cum if he moaned her name again. "I'm getting close."

She appreciated the warning, but she was determined to make him cum in her mouth and didn't slow at all. Instead, she moaned around his length and moved her hand up along the back of his sack until she was pressing a finger right into his perineum.

"Fuck!" Harry cried as he came, filling her mouth with cum.

The first powerful spurt hit the back of her throat, and Hermione gagged, pulling back a little. The change in direction meant the next one hit the roof of her mouth, and she desperately tried to swallow, not wanting to get any of it in her hair. She tried to time her swallowing with his spurting, but it didn't work, and much of it ended up dribbling out of her mouth and onto her robes before she pulled back coughing.

"Sorry," Harry gasped, panting for breath.

"Sokay," Hermione coughed. "Not used to it."

She recovered quickly enough, having swallowed most of his semen, which she found didn't taste nearly as bad as what she'd read about. It was salty but not terribly bitter, and she knew that she wouldn't mind doing that again, perhaps with advice from the others.

"Oh, damn it," she hissed as she realized just how much of his load had fallen on her robes.

"Here, let me," Harry said, grabbing his wand and cleaning it off. "How the hell was that your first time sucking cock?"

"I do read, in case you haven't noticed," Hermione smirked.

"And what sort of books have you been reading, Miss Granger?" Harry asked, his voice low and rumbling.

"Not the kind I'd find in the library," Hermione admitted. "It's not like reading could really prepare me entirely for the real thing anyway, especially with you producing enough semen to make a breeding horse envious."

"Am I really that abnormal?" Harry asked.

"Harry, I don't know exactly what's normal, but I'd wager from what I've read that most guys produce perhaps a teaspoon per orgasm," Hermione replied. "What I just swallowed was more than that, and I didn't get it all."

"Huh, weird," Harry remarked, "though it's hardly the weirdest thing about me."

"I suppose not," Hermione chuckled. "Harry, I…"

"If you think there's any chance that I'm not repaying the favor after that, you're insane," Harry grinned.

"Return the...I mean, if you want to…" Hermione stuttered before Harry cut her off with a soft kiss.

"I'm not going to be happy until I've made you scream my name with my tongue," Harry whispered in her ear.

With a flick of his wand, she was undressed, save for her panties, and she immediately shrieked and moved to cover her breasts out of habit.

"Covering these would be a crime," Harry said, taking her hands in his and staring down at her wonderfully perky tits.

They weren't large, being only a little bigger than Luna's, but they were beautifully shaped with two small, reddish pink nipples that looked hard enough to cut glass. Harry let her hands go, and they fell to her sides as she stared up at him, luxuriating in the obvious desire in his gaze. Her brown eyes looked black with lust, and as he parted her plush thighs, he realized why. Her panties, white, cotton, practical things were practically invisible, they were so wet, and he was able to make out every fold of her perfect little pussy through them.

"I must admit that I always pictured you with a bush," Harry commented as he peeled the panties down.

"And just how many times have you pictured me naked?" Hermione asked, gasping as she felt the fabric pull away from her soaking wet cunt.

"More times than I could count," Harry replied, and Hermione trembled at his words.

"My pubic hair isn't exactly sparse if I grow it out, and shockingly, I don't really like having body hair," Hermione snarked and Harry laughed as he realized what she was getting at.

"I guess the cat incident turned you off of the concept," he chuckled.

"Wearing clothes over fur was so itchy and so uncomfortable," Hermione shuddered. "The hair on my head is more than enough to deal with, and the depilatory charm is easy enough."

"I'm not complaining," Harry said as he finished removing her panties and threw them aside. "Fuck, you have a beautiful pussy."

"Harry!" Hermione whined, embarrassed.

"It's true," Harry chuckled, kissing her inner thigh, making her breath hitch.

He continued down, kissing his way towards her heated core, knowing that foreplay was the last thing she needed right now. He would happily take his time and explore every inch of her beautiful body later, but for now, she clearly needed to cum.

"Oh Merlin, please!" Hermione gasped when he kissed her mound, just next to her labia.

"Well, since you asked so nicely," Harry smirked before giving her a long lick from her dripping hole to her clit.

Hermione screamed, and her thighs clamped around his head, and Harry knew that this wasn't going to take long. He didn't know if she just didn't touch her, which seemed unlikely, or if it had been a while, but she seemed rather pent-up, something that he was more than happy to help her with. Lapping at her slick folds, he took his time to see what she liked best, though given that she shook and cried out at nearly every flick of his tongue, he eventually figured that that would be best explored later.

"Oh, Harry, oh fuck that feels so good," Hermione babbled, sounding out of her mind already. When he started swirling his tongue around her throbbing clit, she screamed, "Yes, right there!"

Harry chuckled, loving how responsive she was, and wrapped his lips around her little pearl, sucking lightly. Her clit was one that fully left its hood when she was sufficiently turned on, and brushing his tongue against it directly made her arse rise off of the bed.

"Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop!" Hermione screamed, digging her nails into his scalp as she held him in place.

He kept going, wanting to bring her right to the edge of madness before he cheated and made his tongue vibrate. Pushing a finger inside her sopping wet tunnel, he groaned at how tight she was, and when he felt her start to flutter around his digit, he knew that she was moments from cumming.

"Cum for me, Hermione," he hissed, his tongue pressed right against her sensitive clit.

"HARRY!" she squealed at the top of her lungs.

She was so loud that he wondered if she'd somehow break through his silencing charm, but even if he wanted to, he couldn't have checked it at that moment because her surprisingly strong thighs held his head in place. She writhed and convulsed in ecstasy beyond anything she'd ever known, and her back arched off the bed as wave after unending wave of pleasure thundered through every inch of her body. He reached up and grabbed her arse, feeling the plump, wonderfully round cheeks that he'd fantasized about multiple times.

"Fucking her doggystyle is going to be incredible," he thought to himself.

He doubted that would happen tonight, though, expecting her to want to be taken on her back her first time and save exploration for another time. He kept her orgasm going for a solid minute before backing away and letting her slump back down on her bed, staring up at nothing through glassy eyes and panting hard.

"What...the...hell?" she asked as she continued panting.

"Parseltongue," Harry replied, surprised that Luna hadn't bragged about it to try and lure her into bed with him.

"Vibrating tongue," Hermione panted. "Holy shit!"

"It's come in handy," Harry chuckled, licking his lips.

"Take me, Harry," Hermione sighed. "Now, while I'm still too loopy and relaxed to worry about that centaur cock of yours."

"As you wish," Harry said, smirking at the compliment.

Wrapping his hand around his cock, he moved into position and lined himself up with her pussy. Given her inexperience, he didn't expect this to be easy, but she felt nearly boneless just then and was about as relaxed as she could be. Pushing forward, he felt the head of his cock pop inside her and groaned at how wonderfully hot, wet, and tight she felt.

"Oh!" Hermione cried, the fog her chain orgasms had put over her mind evaporating in an instant. "Oh Merlin, that's so big!"

"You feel so good," Harry whispered in her ear as she wrapped her arms around him and held tight. "You're so tight, baby."

"Of course I'm tight, you're shoving something as big as my forearm inside me!" Hermione exclaimed.

"I don't think I'm quite that big," Harry laughed, brushing her hair out of her beautiful face. "How does it feel?"

"It burns," Hermione replied. "That would be the stretch, because fuck, you are stretching me, but it also feels good. I'm really glad I don't have my hymen anymore."

"I was going to ask," Harry murmured.

"I transfigured a pair of my panties into a dildo and took it in a warm bath last year," Hermione replied. "It was the holidays, I had my dorm and its restroom to myself, and I figured, why not?"

She felt his cock throb within her and grinned, saying, "Does the thought of my touching myself turn you on?"

"Yes," Harry replied, his eyes nearly black with lust.

"Push more of your cock in me, and I might tell you what I was imagining you doing to me while I broke my hymen," Hermione whispered in his ear, and he immediately thrust forward, burying another inch inside her.

"Yes!" Hermione cried. "Oh, wow. Go slow, but I think I can actually take it."

"I know you can," Harry replied.

"To be honest, I...ooh...doubted it," Hermione gasped as he pulled a little of his cock from her depths and pushed more inside.

As Harry stretched her slippery inner walls wide, Hermione gasped, whimpered, and moaned, clinging to him like a liferaft. Neither one said another word as he slowly eased inch after inch of his cock inside her, though she let out a near-constant string of whimpers and gasps of shock. She was so wet that even though it was a very tight fit and he was sure that he was stretching her to her limits, he managed to bury his entire length inside her. When he felt his balls come to rest against her arse, he leaned in and buried his face in the crook of her neck.

"You took it all, Hermione," he whispered, holding her trembling form tightly.

Her breathing was raggedy and uneven, and she couldn't stop shaking, but she smiled widely, her mind racing with a dozen different thoughts. One in particular stood out, though, which she couldn't not voice.

"You took my virginity," she whispered, and he moved his head over to look down at her, smiling widely. "There's no one else I would have wanted."

Harry kissed her then, not trusting himself to express what he wanted to in words, and she returned it with equal passion. He held still, giving her time to adjust to his size, and caressed her softly. Reaching down, he cupped one of her perky breasts, kneading the mound softly.

"Oh, fuck!" Hermione cried.

"You have such beautiful breasts," Harry murmured, leaning in to capture one of her hard nipples with his lips.

Hermione gasped at the feeling but faltered and said, "I've seen Rias and Akeno naked, you know?"

"And you've seen Luna too," Harry replied. "Though the women in my life all seem to disagree, size isn't everything."

Hermione snorted at his joke, but felt better than she had and relaxed a little bit. Harry felt her relax but decided to give her a little more time to adjust to him and returned to her breasts, kissing, licking, and sucking on the small mounds. She moaned and held onto his head, enjoying the exquisite pleasure that she felt. She hadn't thought that having her nipples sucked on would be quite this intense, but soon enough, she felt herself climbing towards another peak.

"Move," she begged, and he grinned, pulling most of his cock from her clinging depths.

She whimpered at the loss, feeling unbearably empty in his wake, only to cry out in pleasure as he thrust back forward. Slowly, he took her, fucking with long, deep thrusts without being too rough or quick. She felt incredible around him, so wonderfully tight, but he knew that he'd have no trouble keeping himself under control until he'd made her cum again.

"That feels...ugh...so good," Hermione moaned as her brain slowly got used to the pleasure of having her sensitive flesh massaged by his length. "I'm so bloody full."

She felt like she was being stretched to her limit, and it was almost painfully intense, but the pleasure was mild-blowing. Even after reading the smut novels that she had, she never would have actually believed that size mattered, or at least that it would to her, but she couldn't imagine it without that mind-bending stretch.

"Harder," she moaned after a couple minutes of slow sex, and he quickly obeyed.

"Fuck, you're beautiful," Harry groaned as he watched her breasts jiggle on her chest with his every thrust. "I wish I'd told you that last year."

"So do...ahh!" Hermione cried as the head of his cock bumped against something deep inside her that made her see stars. "Hit that again!"

Harry chuckled and changed the angle of his thrusts slightly to hit that spot more directly, grinning as he felt the head of his cock slip into the little pocket at the back of her tight tunnel. She grabbed his shoulders and wrapped her legs more tightly around him, digging her heels into his muscular arse as he picked up his pace again.

"Ahh, ahh, ahh, ahh!" she screamed with each thrust, feeling like she was losing her mind.

It felt so impossibly good, and deep within the recesses of her mind, she realized just what it was that he was stimulating within her, but she was in no position to think about it just then. For the first time in her life, she wasn't worried about anything. Her grades, her teachers, her parent's distance, and even the man fucking her brains out just then didn't occur to her at all, as she was swept up in a maelstrom of pleasure that seemed like it would never end. She stayed plateaued at the precipice of ecstasy for what felt like an eternity until finally, with one particularly hard thrust, Harry sent her careening over the edge, and her world went white.

"Fuck," Harry grunted as he felt her cum around him while she screamed at the top of her lung.

Hermione's already tight tunnel spasmed around him, milking his cock hard, but his self-control was extraordinary by then, and he held on easily, fucking her through her entire climax. He looked down at her as she writhed in pleasure and grinned. Her face was flushed crimson, her eyes were rolled back, and her mouth was agape as she was completely consumed by her climax. He thought she'd never looked better.

"How...how...how," she panted as she came down from her high, still sounding delirious.

Harry rolled onto his back, taking her with him, and brought both of his hands down onto her plush arse, making her shriek and push herself up to look at him.

"I can't wait to fuck you from behind," he whispered in her ear. "You seriously have one of the greatest asses I've ever seen."

"Do...do it," Hermione stammered, more than willing to let him do whatever he wanted to her in that moment.

"You're sure?" Harry asked.

"If you can make me cum that hard again, you can do what you like," Hermione promised, feeling slightly lightheaded.

"Oh, Hermione," Harry chuckled, rolling her back over and pulling his cock from her depths, "you're going to cum so much harder than that tonight."

Whimpering both at the loss of him and at the thought of experiencing anything more intense than the soul-searing pleasure she'd just felt, Hermione grunted as he rolled her onto her belly and scrambled to stick her arse in the air for him.

"It's really that good?" she asked as she felt him palm her plump cheeks. "To be honest, I was starting to think that it was too big."

"Nonsense," Harry breathed, spreading her cheeks wide and staring down at her gaping, very pink pussy, and winking arsehole. "You're perfect."

Hermione squeaked at his compliment and the sheer earnestness in his voice and then screamed as he buried himself to hilt inside her again. As she clawed at the sheets before her, wondering again how it was possible for mere penetration to feel so incredible, all of her fears melted away.

"Maybe this odd relationship will be better than I thought," she thought to herself.

His pistoning length found that spot deep inside her again just then, and Hermione felt all coherent thoughts melt away. She wouldn't have another one until morning.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Oct 20, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DeltaRyuujin, oiller, Markuz Black and 494 others
voivode_writer
Oct 15, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 14 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Oct 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#338
Hermione woke first, feeling her cheek pressed against firm muscle, and she startled for a moment before recalling where she was. The location wasn't what was different, as she was in the Hogwarts bed that had been hers since the start of the year, but that was the only thing normal about that morning. Pushing herself up, she winced in pain as she felt just how sore she was, particularly between her legs. No amount of pain could make her regret what had happened, though, and as she stared down at Harry's sleeping form in the darkness, she couldn't stop smiling.

"He's so gorgeous," she thought to herself, tracing a finger down from his muscular chest towards his abs.

Hermione wasn't a terribly vain person, and she had been attracted to Harry for years, so she knew that his new physique wasn't the cause of that attraction, but she'd have been lying if she said that she didn't find his muscles simple mouthwatering. As she felt him up, she heard his breathing change, and a moment later, he sighed in pleasure.

"Good morning," Hermione whispered.

"I'd say," Harry grinned, reaching over to brush her messy hair behind her ear and cup her cheek. "How are you feeling?"

"Sore but deliriously happy," Hermione replied.

"A warm bath will help," Harry murmured, reaching around to find his glasses and putting them on when he managed. "I'd join you, but I've probably overstayed my welcome as is."

"Oh, we don't mind," Lavender giggled, and both of them froze. "Yeah, your silencing charm ran out while you were asleep, though the firebolt was enough of a clue on its own."

Hermione turned beet red instantly, freezing in place, barely able to breathe.

"Good on you, Hermione," Parvati said, sounding amused. "Lav, let's give them some privacy."

"We probably should," Lavender sighed dramatically before giggling again. "Later, you two."

"They know!" Hermione exclaimed once she heard the door close behind them. "They know I had a boy in here all night!"

"Hermione, neither one of them cares," Harry said soothingly, wrapping his arms around her. "They might rib you a bit, I honestly wouldn't know, but it's not like either one will go to the professors."

"You're right, you're right," Hermione sighed, steadying her breathing as she tried to calm down.

"In retrospect, I should have brought the broom in with me," Harry muttered.

"I'd have rather not woken up with hard wood poking into me," Hermione said dryly, flushing the moment she realized what she'd just said.

"You did say you were sore," Harry quipped, earning a slap on the shoulder. "Seriously though, Mione, how are you feeling about...all of this?"

"Over the moon," Hermione smiled, resting her head on his shoulder. "I know its strange and complicated and nothing like what I pictured for my future as a girl, but I want...this, all of it. I'm not just saying that because I lost count of the number of orgasms you gave me last night either, though, God, you're amazing."

"I'd avoid saying that name around Rias and Akeno," Harry murmured. "Part of the reason why they call him the Tyrant is because even hearing the name can be physically bothersome."

"I've mostly gotten used to saying Merlin anyway," Hermione shrugged. "Um, there is one thing, though…"

"Yes?" Harry asked.

"Last night, after the first time, you seemed to almost instantly know my body better than I do," Hermione said. "Is it always like that with you?"

"Yeah," Harry replied. "I'm pretty intuitive when it comes to...that. Is that strange?"

Rias had mentioned that once, but Akeno and Luna didn't, so Harry put it out of his mind. Akeno would have likely been forewarned by Rias, however, and Luna was usually accepting of the strange."

"I mean, I want to say yes, but its not like I would know," Hermione shrugged. "It just stuck out. I'm not complaining by any means."

"I need to get going while I can still fly out of here without being spotted," Harry said. "I'll see you at breakfast."

"See you there," Hermione smiled, feeling like her heart might burst with joy. "The next time we do this, we'll have to use the room."

"Already planning the next time, huh?" Harry asked teasingly as he opened the bed curtain and started getting dressed.

"As though I could experience something like that only once," Hermione grinned, her smile falling as she found herself walking stiffly.

"Sorry," Harry winced.

"Don't be," Hermione chuckled. "It's not your fault that you're part horse."

Smiling widely at the compliment, Harry finished getting dressed, transfigured the window until he could fit through it, and flew off, leaving Hermione on her own. The brunette placed a hand on her chest to feel her racing heart and bit her lip. Reaching into her trunk to find her toiletries, she had to move the copy of the only book she'd acquired from the omnilibrary so far, and her smile fell as she looked at it.

Secrets of the Darkest Art was the vilest tome she'd ever come across, filled with some of the most evil magic ever conceived of. Copying the words from the immovable version of it in the room turned out to be simple, and she'd been reading through it for days trying to learn what she could of horcruxes. Nothing that she'd come across so far was particularly helpful, but it did confirm what Harry had said of them.

From what she'd read so far, the devils' plan to remove it was the soundest one she was likely to come across, and that was reason enough to work with them. Whatever her earlier reservations had been, if they were her best bet to save Harry from this, then she would throw herself into whatever came of working with them without hesitation. Nothing was more important than his safety; nothing at all.

*****

Luna squeed in delight as she saw Hermione limping into the great hall that morning, earning more than a few irritated looks from the tired people around her. The second the brunette sat down gingerly, she wrapped her arms around her, exclaiming, "I'm so happy for you!"

"Luna!" Hermione complained, struggling in the blonde's grip for a moment before sighing. She relaxed and muttered, "Thank you."

Lavender and Parvati giggled in their seats down the table, and Hermione knew that they'd want to talk later.

"Now we can be like sisters," Luna whispered excitedly.

"In some families, perhaps," Hermione muttered.

"It's just that I've been so alone for so long," Luna sighed quietly. "I had Daddy, and that was great, but I didn't really have anyone else. This year's been a wonder from start to finish, and it's all because of Harry."

"You're not alone, Luna," Hermione smiled, wrapping an arm around the younger girl's shoulders. "Sorry for being so grumpy."

"It's okay," Luna replied. Grinning impishly, she added, "I doubt you got much sleep last night."

Hermione reddened and focused on piling food onto her plate as Harry joined them.

"Hey," he said as he sat down next to Hermione.

"Hey," the brunette replied breathily.

"Feeling any better?" Harry asked.

"I feel wonderful," Hermione replied.

"Um, Harry?" Rias asked through their mental connection, sounding oddly unsure of herself.

"Rias?" Harry asked.

"I have a solution for your bank problem, though it's going to require a little of your time," Rias replied. "My mother's owed a couple favors by the goblin royal family, and she offered to call one in to get you the horcrux, but only on the condition that you go with her to the bank alone."

"Oh, that's great," Harry smiled. "Why do you sound so strange?"

Rias went silent for a moment before replying, saying, "No reason. Have fun."

Harry felt strangely like Rias had just ended a call then and furrowed his brow in confusion.

"Is something wrong?" Hermione asked.

"Oh, nothing pressing," Harry replied, giving her a pointed look. They could hardly discuss horcux hunting in the middle of the great hall and he just mouthed the word, 'later.'

"Oh, Harry," Luna cut in. "Daddy wrote me earlier to say that he knows a guy who can get you the gillyweed you mentioned. He'll write me later with the price."

"Money's no object," Harry replied dismissively. "Thanks for helping me with this. I owe your dad."

"Of course," Luna smiled. "He's coming to see the second task, though how much we're going to be able to see of it, I can't say if it is what we suspect."

"What do you need gillyweed for?" Neville asked, perking up at the mention of a magical plant. He reddened then and added, "I mean, if its nothing personal."

"I need to survive underwater for an hour," Harry replied.

"Oh, oh!" Neville exclaimed as he realized the most likely reason for that. "Just beware, it only lasts an hour."

"I know," Harry smiled. "Thank you, though."

"Of course," Neville replied in kind.

They continued on with breakfast in relative quiet, and Harry held his tongue about Rias' strange demeanor earlier until they were shuffling off to class.

"...so that's it," Harry whispered as they walked, making sure that only Hermione and Luna could hear him. "I just don't get why she seemed so off when talking about her mother wanting me to come along. I've met her before a few times."

"I suspect that she thinks her mother wants to get to know you better," Hermione replied, limping along to class. "You two have been seeing each other for months now. I know if this were me, my parents would have already begun bugging me to invite you to dinner for this. What's her mother like?"

"Beautiful," Luna replied before Harry could, "and just as buxom as her. I can't speak to her personality, but I know she was known as the brown-haired princess of ruin back in the day."

"She can be pretty intense," Harry admitted, going still. "You think she's arranged this to grill me about...everything?"

"I think she knows her daughter's pretty crazy about you and wants to figure out where you stand," Hermione said reassuringly. "Just be honest, and I'm sure you'll be fine."

"Right," Harry muttered, suddenly more nervous about the meeting than he had been. "Honest."

*****

Fleur exhaled slowly as she extended her stretch in her final yoga pose of her set. She didn't have any classes that day until later in the morning and took full advantage of the opportunity to enjoy a slower, more relaxing start to her day. Training with Harry had turned out to be rather more intense than she'd imagined, and she was more grateful than normal to have come across a muggle book on yoga as a girl. It really helped improve and maintain her flexibility, which lent itself well to virtually all physical activity.

"Fleur? Fleur?" her mother called through the fireplace, the floo in which was one of the perks of being named champion, even though it was only fit for communication rather than travel.

"Maman?" Fleur replied, momentarily confused, before she recalled that her mother was supposed to call that morning.

"You forgot zat your mama was going to call," Apolline chided her.

Fleur was about to apologize when she realized something that gave her pause. "Why are you speaking English?"

"I 'ave been learning zis irritating tongue ever since I learned zat you'd be going zere," Apolline replied. "I knew zat you would be chosen as champion once you decided to compete, and your papa and I so want to watch one of ze tasks. We will be zere next week."

"Really?" Fleur asked, excited.

"Oui, ma ange," Apolline smiled. "We will be bringing Gabrielle as well."

"Be warned, it is even colder zan zey say," Fleur winced.

"It is Scotland, Fleur," Apolline laughed. "Zat is to be expected. 'Ow are you? Your last letter sounded a little more upbeat zan zey 'ad been."

"Britain is as I expected," Fleur shrugged. "Ze people are largely uncultured; many of zem are 'orribly rude, and ze food… Zank ze goddess ze elves 'ere were instructed 'ow to cook proper French fare."

"I did warn you," Apolline laughed. "I take it ze purebloods are as...unpleasant as I imagine."

"Grindelwald's decimation of ze pureblood families in France 'ad ze unintended effect of making ze country more tolerant down ze line," Fleur replied, shaking her head at the irony. "As 'is fear of Dumbledore spared England such attacks, zey remain as vexing as ever for anyone 'oo cannot trace zere pure lineage back to Merlin 'imself. Some of ze zings I've 'eard zese inbred swine say about other students…"

"Well, zat's ze English for you," Apolline sighed. "Zere must be someone zere you've found interesting, zough. I know 'ow you sound, even in letters when you've groan infatuated, ma petite."

"I wouldn't go so far as to say infatuated, but interesting definitely describes 'im," Fleur replied, blushing slightly. "You know 'ow I wrote zat 'Arry Potter 'ad been entered into ze tournament as a fourth champion?"

"Oui?" Apolline replied, furrowing her brow. "Isn't 'e...younger zan you?"

"Three years younger, oui, not zat you would believe it at first glance," Fleur muttered.

"'E must be some boy," Apolline mused, still sounding confused.

"Man, Maman, trust me zere," Fleur replied. "'E completed ze first task with ease and is remarkably proficient with 'is wand. We 'ave been sparring, and 'e is far beyond ze level I was at 'is age."

"Given 'is history, I would not be surprised if he received...ow you say...unique lessons," Apolline replied. "Still, until 'e 'as gained some proficiency wiz 'is other wand, I will call 'im boy."

"'E as at least zree regular lovers and might 'ave taken a fourth last night, with ze full approval of ze zird," Fleur replied, having witnessed the scene between Harry, Luna, and Hermione earlier.

"Ah," Apolline replied, blinking slowly. "A most remarkable fourth year, zen."

"So it would seem," Fleur chuckled. "'E is ze most interesting person I've met since I got to 'Ogwarts but zere's something odd about 'im."

"Beyond ze mini-'arem?" Apolline asked.

"Possibly related," Fleur replied. "Ze way 'is magic feels is...strange. 'E is immensely powerful, and 'is magic feels somehow warmer and more lively zan zat of others. I twisted my ankle ze other day and 'e offered to rub ze bruise cream into it..."

"I'm sure," Apolline giggled. "Zis turned into a footrub, as well?"

"Oui," Fleur replied, rolling her eyes. "I know 'ow it sounds, but 'e was genuine, and it was 'e who left zis room without my saying to. 'Is touch was so good, I would 'ave taken 'im zen and zere if 'e adn't."

"Wait," Apolline said. "'E 'ad you in your bed, ready to sleep with 'im, and 'e left? Zese lovers of 'is are female, right?"

"Oui," Fleur scoffed. "'E seems completely immune to my allure, zough and actually rushed off because 'e'd made plans with one of ze others. I'd 'ave been insulted if I wasn't so surprised."

"Immune to ze allure, good wiz 'is 'ands, and powerful?" Apolline asked rhetorically. "Zrow in rich and well 'ung and 'e'll be every Veela's dream man."

"'E's ze sole heir of ze Potters, so 'e probably 'is rich," Fleur giggled, "and we're going swimming in ze lake tomorrow, so I'll likely be able to ascertain if 'e checks ze fifth box."

Apolline laughed at that and said, "Keep in mind you two are competitors."

"I can compete against 'im while lusting after 'im," Fleur smirked.

"If 'e 'as multiple lovers, presumably zings aren't serious with any of zem," Apolline pointed out. "It would be perfectly possible to add yourself to ze list. You'd end up instantly at ze top of it, of course."

"I think it's less that he's just sleeping around and more zat 'is girls are into sharing," Fleur replied.

"Hmm, and 'ere I said 'arem as a joke," Apolline sighed. "Keep in mind zen, zat you'd be inserting yourself into something potentially serious, zat you'd almost certainly blow up over a man who won't sit 'is NEWTs for zree years."

"I know," Fleur replied. "'Onestly, zat's why I 'aven't 'inted more strongly to 'im zat I'm interested. It would just be a bit of fun if it happened, and frankly, I'm enjoying the training so much zat I might leave it at zat."

"As you wish," Apolline shrugged. "I know for my part, I'm looking forward to meeting your odd competitor."

"Maman," Fleur said warnnigly, narrowing her eyes and making the older woman laugh.

"So territorial," Apolline giggled. "Perhaps you 'ave understated your interest in 'im, non? Veela cannot build ze sort of 'arems of old zese days, but with a prominent future lord under you, it would likely not be so bad if you seduced and enthralled ze silly girls 'e's bedded so far."

"Zat would require me to 'ave met zem all first," Fleur huffed, more annoyed by her mother's prodding than anything. "'E must be sneaking out of ze castle because two of ze girls I sense on 'im, I 'ave not met once 'ere or even passed in ze 'alls."

"Zat is intriguing," Apolline mused. "I 'ad 'eard zat 'Ogwarts is quite ze fortress. Even gaining access to it would be difficult if not for ze exceptions being made during ze tasks zis year."

"Just one of a fair few mysteries," Fleur murmured. "Truth be told, I cannot for ze life of me figure out 'ow 'e'd get in and out of 'ere."

*****

"My, my, this room just radiates magic, doesn't it?" Venelana asked rhetorically as she looked around the Room of Requirement.

"It's pretty useful," Harry replied noncommittally as he stood there, nervous.

He had turned the room into a simple recreation of the Gryffindor common room, choosing to go for comfortable over impressive. As the ancient devil, who barely looked any older than he was, stood there though, wearing a white sweater so tight, it left nothing at all of her figure to the imagination, and a flowing black skirt, he began to wonder if he should have chosen something more elegant.

"How cold is it out at the moment?" Venelana asked. "I meant to check before I left and forgot."

"It's pretty frigid," Harry replied, already having layered heating charms throughout his clothing.

"Hmm," Venelana hummed for a moment before holding out her hand.

A purple magic circle appeared before her, and out of it slipped a long, white fur coat that she slipped into with ease.

"There," she smiled to herself as she finished with the buttons. Holding out her hand, she said, "Come."

Harry took her hand without a word and, a moment later, reappeared in the middle of Diagon Alley. He'd never been here in the dead of winter before and couldn't help but marvel at how lovely it looked covered in snow.

"I suppose the bank is still the largest building in this area?" Venelana asked.

"As far as I know, Lady Gremory," Harry replied, recalling to use her title.

He slipped his hood over his head, making sure that his scar was hidden. As cold as it was, he didn't expect anyone to waste time looking too closely at the people around them, but it was still worthwhile to try to hide his most distinguishing feature.

"I haven't been to this quaint little region in ages," Venelana sighed as they walked. "One thing that I've always loved about magicals compared to mundane humans is their willingness to let styles evolve slowly. You go a decade or three without visiting a mundane city, and you'd think you stepped into another world."

"I take it that the alley looks about how you remember?" Harry asked. "When were you last here?"

"More or less," Venelana replied. "Some of the shop signs have changed, of course, but it still feels like I recall. As for when I was here last, that was probably the thirties. Some witch found herself in a bind and turned to me for help."

"You don't travel to England often then?" Harry asked.

"Rarely these days," Venelana replied. "I still pop by to attend the coronations, a tradition I've kept up since one of the King Georges summoned me to help make his coronation the most lavish affair possible. The man was a fool, but the bargain was struck and the celebration was extraordinary. His brother's coronation was a horribly dull affair, but his niece's was nice."

"That would have been George IV if we're talking about Queen Victoria," Harry murmured.

"Yes, that was him," Venelana smiled.

"Merlin's balls, don't we get enough of your kind in late summer?" a clearly drunk man growled at them.

"You get very little of my kind around here, I assure you," Venelana laughed, though her purple eyes hardened as she observed the disheveled man.

"We shouldn't have to put up with you or the filth you infest our streets with," the man raged, grabbing Venelana's arm.

Harry instinctively went for his wand, though he realized that was foolish a moment later as the drunkard froze and looked terrified.

"Young man, you have five seconds to unhand me before I start removing your organs one by one," Venelana hissed, her voice icier than the streets around them.

"I...I thought…" the man stammered, stumbling back as he cowered before the raw power emanating from the angry devil.

"If you had thought at all, you wouldn't have courted death so openly," Venelana interrupted. "Leave while I'm still willing to let you."

The terrified drunk ran off, leaving them alone.

"I see where Rias gets it," Harry chuckled nervously.

"Zeoticus is dangerous as well, I assure you, but much of Rias' power comes from me," Venelana smiled. "The Power of Destruction is of the Bael line, after all."

They reached the bank shortly after their encounter with the drunk, finding it a little busier than the mostly empty streets were, but not much. It seemed to be such a rotten day that most people had decided to put off what they could, much to their benefit. Harry eyed his companion as subtly as he could, still wondering why exactly she had dragged him along for this. She seemed perfectly at ease as they waited in line, barely moving a muscle unless it was to breathe or step forward when they could. After a few minutes, one of the tellers called them up, and Harry followed her.

"Name?" the goblin asked gruffly.

"Gremory," Venelana replied softly, and the goblin froze before looking up slowly.

He peered into her purple eyes and then down at the piece of aged parchment she placed on his desk before muttering something in gobbledegook that Harry wouldn't have been surprised to learn was a curse word.

"His majesty is very busy…" the goblin muttered.

"He will make time for me," Venelana said with finality. "Bring me to him."

The goblin growled at another one standing guard by the doorway that he knew led down to the vaults and got into a short argument with him in their language until the guard stopped and looked at Venelana in shock and horror.

After a moment, he shook his head and said, "Right this way, my lady."

"I didn't know goblins could be that polite," Harry thought to himself as he followed them.

The three of them got into one of the mine carts and quickly zoomed off down through the tunnels. Just like every other time that Harry had used one of these contraptions, it seemed to move of its own accord and along a winding path known only to it. He passed his own trust vault on the way, by chance, and ventured ever deeper into the bank's subterranean vaults. He was no longer as bothered by the journey as he had been the first time and was able to relax entirely, which is why, when the cart turned sharply at a corner and veered right into a vault door, he barely had time to brace himself before they hit it.

Only they didn't hit it, instead going right through it and into a place he had never seen before. Vast and sprawling, it looked like an entire city under the ground, lit by strange glowing green stones that were propped up on tall poles throughout. The architecture was much like that of the banks themselves, made of white marble, though few of the buildings were as tall as the bank he'd just come from. The sheer amount of white marble, combined with the bright glowing stones, made the city seem to gleam.

"King Ragnok lives there," Venelana murmured, pointing to the tall black tower in the center of the city.

"Humans are rarely brought down here, my lady," the goblin said through gritted teeth. "I hope that your companion doesn't need to be involved in every…"

"My companion is here because I will it, and he won't be human for much longer, I assure you," Venelana interrupted, earning a look of surprise from the goblin.

"I see," he said as he led them on.

"So this is…" Harry went to ask.

"Urrekrahk, the city of the goblins and home to most of their population," Venelana replied. "There is a vault in every branch of their bank throughout the world, which serves as a facade hiding the portal to this place. The royal family has ruled from the great tower of Ragnukal for centuries."

Harry could practically hear the guard leading them on grinding his teeth as Venelana spoke. Her mere name had inspired fear in both him and the teller earlier, and she seemed to be able to get away with virtually anything. It would seem that the royals had left clear instructions with all of the bank employees, presumably throughout the world, to keep an ear out for the name Gremory and do nothing at all to piss off the beautiful brunette who might come calling at random. Given how easily she'd terrified the irate wizard earlier into submission, he figured it was good advice.

"Halt!" a more ornately armored guard snarled as they approached. "Who goes there?"

"Lady Gremory and companion, here to see his majesty," the first guard replied, making the other goblin's eyes go wide.

"Of...of course," he stammered. "Right this way."

The tower, which Harry realized was likely made of black marble, as ridiculous as that seemed, was decorated with such vast amounts of gold inside that it made every palace interior he'd ever seen pictures of look subtle. The black and white marble flooring was lined with it, and every doorknob and railing he laid eyes on seemed to be made of the same metal.

"Lady Venelana Gremory!" their new guard announced them the moment they entered the throne room, and you could have heard a pin drop in the aftermath of that statement.

Inside the vast hall, which was even more ornately decorated than the rest of the tower he'd seen so far, there stood various goblin courtiers and guards surrounding a golden throne at the other, situated across from the large oak doors. On that throne sat an older-looking goblin dressed in what looked like a suit of gold thread.

"Leave us," the older goblin commanded, and the others scattered like rats.

"King Ragnok," Venelana smiled as she spread her wings and flew across the room in moments. "The last time I was here, your father was just a boy."

"We wondered if we might ever meet you," Ragnok replied. "What can the goblin kingdom do for you?"

"I need to take something from one of the vaults in the English branch," Venelana replied just as Harry caught up to her and the king balked at her reply.

"My lady, we are bound by treaties to keep safe all that we have within our vaults," Ragnok protested.

"Gorescythe's bargain included no stipulations about what I could and couldn't demand in return," Venelana smiled, "and at any rate, that would only become a problem for you if an official complaint was lodged. Since the owner of this particular vault is rotting away in Azkaban for life and her heirs wouldn't know that the object I seek is inside her vault, there will be no such complaint."

"We...see," Ragnok said slowly, tapping his claws on the armrest of his throne. "With this done, we will owe you only one remaining favor."

"I am aware," Venelana replied.

"And it is only a single object that you want to take?" Ragnok asked.

"A cursed goblet, yes," Venelana replied.

Ragnok took a deep breath and released it slowly before asking, "Who's vault is it?"

"What's the witch's name again?" Venelana asked, turning to Harry. "Harry?"

"Bellatrix Lestrange," Harry replied, shaking his head. "Sorry about that."

"Oh," Ragnok smiled, relaxing visibly. "This name is known to us, and yes, she is unlikely to ever make trouble for us. Very well, Lady Gremory, we will permit you to take this single goblet from Lestrange's vault and put our line one step closer to squaring our debt to you."

"Wonderful," Venelana smiled.

Ragnok pulled a pen and parchment from a compartment in the throne and scratched out something in what Harry assumed was gobbledegook, a language he'd barely ever heard spoken, much less seen written. Once he was finished, he fished a golden seal out of that compartment, dipped it in ink, and pressed it firmly against the page.

"Hand this to the first goblin you see upon returning to the bank, and you'll be taken to and allowed inside the vault," Ragnok said, handing her the note.

"You've been most helpful, your majesty," Venelana commented. "My companion and I will take our leave."

"Farewell," Ragnok smiled tightly.

Venelana replied in kind, and the two of them were off. The goblin who had led them there was still waiting for them and swiftly led them back to the entryway. After waiting by the portal for a moment as the goblin went to fetch an employee and a cart, they walked through and were back in the bank's vaults. The goblin accepted the royal decree with wide eyes and quickly led them down to Lestrange's vault, which was deeper in the tunnels than Harry had ever been before.

"Bellatrix assured Tom that the cup would be safe in her vault, not just because of the bank's reputation, but because there are additional curses on this vault," Harry warned her. "Anything touched by someone other than the owner multiplies and turns burning hot."

"You didn't think to mention that earlier?" Venelana asked without any hint of annoyance.

"I checked with Tom while you were speaking with the king," Harry replied. "That's why I didn't reply to you immediately when you asked for her name. I assume minor curses are nothing for you."

"You assume correctly," Venelana replied while the goblin opened the door to the vault.

"Well, you can't say that they aren't well off," Harry commented as he looked inside at the piles of gold, silver, and various treasures.

"This decree permits you to take one object, human," the goblin snarled.

"Ah, this is fine work," Venelana murmured as she hovered her hand over the nearest pile of gold, "but no match for my power."

Her hand glowed crimson for a moment, and the goblin tensed as she effortlessly destroyed the curses placed upon the vault. One wasn't supposed to use magic inside Gringotts, but clearly the goblin knew better than to try and tell her that.

"This is what we're looking for," Harry said, grabbing the small cup once he was sure that it was safe.

He swiftly stuffed it in his mokeskin pouch and smiled at the thought of being one step closer to, not just making Voldemort mortal but hopefully freeing himself of the fragment in his head as well. With that done, the goblin ushered them out and closed the door before leading them back to the surface. They exited the bank having rather easily accomplished their goal, and Venelana made a beeline for Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlour.

"You seem rather familiar with this place," Harry commented as they headed inside.

"Harry, check the sign," Venelana laughed softly.

"Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlour, established 1896," Harry read silently. "Ah."

"Yes, who runs it now?" Venelana asked quietly.

"His name's Florean," Harry replied just as quietly.

"It was a Lucien Fortescue who founded this place," Venelana said.

"That's correct, ma'am," Florean piped up, and Harry slunk back, keeping his hood drawn to hide his face. He had hoped that they would only go to the bank, and Florean knew him well enough to recognize him.

"Two chocolate sundaes," Venelana ordered as Harry sat down with his back to the counter.

She joined him a moment later and handed him his ice cream.

"The quality's remarkably similar," she murmured as she tasted it.

"Thank you," Harry smiled as he dug in.

"Think nothing of it," Venelana chuckled. "You did, after all, make me a fair bit of money not long ago."

She reached into her coat and pulled out a manila envelope, which she slid along the table to him.

"What's this?" Harry asked as he opened it.

"Your share of the basilisk profits, deposited in a bank account I had my servants set up for you in Barclays," Venelana replied. "There's a new debit card in there for you as well."

"Half a mi…!" Harry exclaimed before coughing and lowering his voice. "Half a million pounds?"

"It was a very big snake," Venelana grinned. "You should have seen the bidding war for the skeleton. I managed to reattach the fang like it had never been lost and, carefully removing the venom, put the whole thing up for auction as one unit."

"Wow," Harry breathed as he continued looking through the paperwork. "Um, not that I'm not grateful, but why not just deposit it in my account at Gringotts?"

"Have you ever tried to exchange galleons for other currencies?" Venelana asked. "The fees are insane, and you can't spend galleons in the mundane world. British pounds are far easier to make use of. Plus, if you want to take Rias out on dates, the mundane world is a better bet."

"Yes," Harry said, putting the papers away and sticking the envelope in his pouch.

"So what are your intentions towards my daughter?" Venelana asked.

"Honestly, I don't have many just yet," Harry replied. "Much of my future remains up in the air, and until that's settled, it would be unfair to her to speak of one. I do know that I really like her, though."

"A reasonably mature response," Venelana murmured. "When I first heard that she'd taken up with a human, I figured that it was just a matter of convenience and impatience on her part, given the matter with Riser."

"Right," Harry said, rubbing his neck awkwardly. "How did things end up going with that?"

"You're going to have to move well beyond the 'really like her' phase with Rias to discuss family matters," Venelana cautioned him. "Even back then, though, I could see that there was a little more to it, and now, well, you have become very important to my daughter, Harry."

"She's become very important to me," Harry replied. "My upbringing wasn't...great, and there are a lot of things that I never even let myself imagine having. I want those things with her, though. As for what I feel…"

"Have you spoken to her about any of this?" Venelana asked.

"I honestly don't know if I could put it into words," Harry admitted.

"Express your feelings freely, and the words will follow," Venelana smiled warmly. Her smile fell as she added, "It should go without saying that if you hurt her in any way…"

"She'll kill me before you get the chance," Harry interrupted, making her laugh.

"You're probably right," Venelana murmured.

"So you three all have the same power," Harry commented. "Will Rias someday be as powerful as her brother?"

"No," Venelana replied immediately.

"There's no chance?" Harry asked, surprised by how quickly she responded.

"Harry, Sirzechs was younger than you when he first surpassed me," Venelana explained.

"Seriously?" Harry asked.

"He is an anomaly," Venelana replied, her voice brimming with pride. "None has ever possessed such a mastery of the Power of Destruction. Little Millicas is showing promise, and given who both of his parents are, I expect him to be extraordinary when he's older, but I still doubt that he'll ever match Sirzechs."

"I can't believe you're a grandmother," Harry muttered, making her laugh.

"Flatterer," Venelana chuckled. "You seem different than you were when we first met. Stronger and more sure of yourself."

"Rias and Akeno have been helping there," Harry replied, smiling when he thought of them.

"Follow their training regimen and you'll go far," Venelana smiled. "We should get going."

"Alright," Harry said. "Should I try to have us summoned back to the castle?"

"No," Venelana replied. "I can get you through the wards undetected easily enough."

*****

After giving Venelana the cup to pass on to Sirzechs, Harry was snuck back onto the castle grounds. A quick check of the map showed that neither Hermione nor Luna were anyone to be seen, so Harry headed up to the seventh floor and, finding the door to the room, let himself in, only to pause at the sight that he found.

"I can't believe that everything around here is done by slave labor!" Hermione exclaimed, looking furious as Dobby cocked his head in confusion.

"Hogwarts is always having house elves," the elf said.

Luna looked thrilled to see him as he walked into the omnilibrary, and Rias smiled in relief at him.

"How went things with my mother?" Rias asked.

"We got the cup," Harry replied. "Your mum was really nice."

"She didn't...interrogate you?" Rias asked.

"A little interrogation is hardly a terrible price to pay for getting one of the horcruxes," Harry replied, kissing her softly. "What did I walk in on?"

"All of the cooking and cleaning around here is done by house elves," Hermione huffed.

"Wait, they do the cleaning too? Then what does Filch do?" Harry asked.

"Look grumpy mostly," Luna replied. "I was just trying to explain to Hermione that most house elves are actually treated well, especially the ones around here."

"And plenty aren't!" Hermione exclaimed. "Just ask Dobby about what life with some of the less pleasant families around here is like. It's not even death eater trash either; look at poor Winky and how Crouch treated her."

"Considering that he presumably broke his death eater son out of Azkaban, he might not be the best example," Harry argued. "There are good people out there, Hermione, and I'm sure that they treat their elves perfectly well."

"Even if they do, it's still unpaid labor," Hermione huffed. "Someone should do something about it."

"Like what?" Harry asked.

"There should be stricter laws enforcing how they're treated," Hermione replied. "They should have basic rights and pay. Ideally, they should all be freed."

"No!" Dobby exclaimed. "Dobby is a free elf and very grateful to Harry Potter for freeing him, but other elves would never want this."

"Because they've been conditioned to want to work as slaves," Hermione argued. "You've enjoyed your freedom, and they could learn to. At the very least, you should have regular pay."

"Dobby, do house elves eat?" Rias asked.

"No," Dobby replied.

"Drink?" Rias asked.

"No," Dobby replied. "We is sustained by magic. This is why elves would not want to leave their masters. Without magic…"

"You die?" Rias asked.

"Yes," Dobby replied, looking squeamish.

"But you've survived nearly two years without a master?" Hermione asked, confused.

"Hogwarts is suffused with significant magic," Harry posited. "I imagine it's easier for them to survive here than in most places, right?"

Dobby just nodded.

"Okay, so freedom is out," Hermione grumbled. "But basic rights and pay should still be required by law."

"I agree, at least to the rights," Rias replied.

"You don't think they should be paid?" Hermione asked, narrowing her eyes.

"You've been paying Dobby, right?" Rias asked. When Hermione nodded, she turned to the elf and asked, "What have you been doing with the coins that you've been given?"

"Dobby has put them in a sock," Dobby replied.

"Well, of course they have no concept of commerce; they've lived all their lives as slaves," Hermione hissed.

"You might be right, but it's also possible that you're wrong," Rias replied. "Since the moment you learned about the elves here today, you've been raging about the injustice of that and placing a distinctly human lens over everything. Keep in mind that these are unique beings with drives, desires, and needs very different from your own. If you want to improve their lot in life, I commend you, as my family has long prided itself on treating our servants well, but if you want to accomplish anything, not only will you require some political power of your own, but you will need the cooperation of the elves themselves, and that will require listening to what they want and not dismissing what you hear if it doesn't match what you think they should want."

"I…" Hermione went to reply before going silent and looking thoughtful.

"I don't think I've ever seen anyone talk Hermione down from that sort of state before," Harry thought to himself.

"In the meantime, I think it would be a good idea for Harry to bond with Dobby, if that's okay with you," Rias smiled down at the elf, who immediately got excited.

"Wait, what?" Hermione asked.

"The task I'm about to give him is of the utmost sensitivity," Rias replied. "This room is dangerous beyond imagining. Nothing that has ever been written down can be kept secret thanks to it. Can you imagine what the various powers both on Earth and elsewhere would do if they knew we could access all of their most top secret documents?"

Hermione gasped and said, "Washington and Moscow both wouldn't hesitate to nuke us. I didn't even think…"

"The human governments would be the least of our problems too," Rias muttered. "Bonding Dobby will make everything he does on your orders safer, Harry."

Doing so would make it much harder for anyone to try and use the elf against them, though she didn't want to insult him by suggesting it was possible.

"You really would like to work for me?" Harry asked, knowing the answer to that question but wanting to hear it anyway.

"Oh yes!" Dobby exclaimed. "Dobby would have asked for this back when Harry Potter first helped free us from the terrible master, but Dobby didn't want to presume."

"Of course I'd take you in," Harry chuckled. "How do I, though?"

"Just reach out to him with your magic and formally claim him as your servant," Luna replied. "Normally there would be more to it but because he's both free and willing to serve you, it'll work."

"I, Harry Potter, claim Dobby as my servant," Harry intoned, grasping the elf's hand.

"It's done," Dobby beamed.

Sure enough, Harry could feel a slight tug on his magic as the bond formed. He had been visiting the horcux in his mind as often as he could ever since the first time and had learned much from Voldemort. The man's forced instructions had focused mostly on protecting his mind and getting a better sense of his magic so far, but it was progressing well.

"Now, what we're going to want you to do is get the room to take on this form, a library containing everything ever written, and carefully copy the text from each book onto new paper," Rias replied. "I will supply you with paper as well as leather and glue for binding. Do you think you can do this?"

"Dobby can," Dobby smiled. "This is all the books?"

Looking around at the giant library that seemed to stretch for miles, Harry had to assume that it contained pretty much everything.

"As far as we can tell," he replied. "Unless we're using it or some of the other elves need it, just try and get done as much as you can."

"Oh, Dobby can work quickly," Dobby replied, "and other elves is rarely using this room. Just when they is needing to store things."

"Wonderful," Rias smiled. "I'll make sure that the first batch of supplies is brought here by the end of the day. In the meantime, we'll be using the room for...other things."

"Dobby will leave and let you make little wizards," Dobby replied, disappearing as Rias snorted and Hermione sighed.

"If it's all the same, I'd rather not have babies just yet," Luna piped up, making Harry go pale before he recalled that both she and Hermione were on the potion.

"No worries, Luna," he chuckled. Turning to Hermione, he asked, "Are you okay?"

"Yeah, I am," Hermione sighed. "I hate how poorly elves are treated in this country, but I do know that you'll treat Dobby well."

"I will," Harry promised, wrapping his arms around her. "I love how caring you are."

"I hate seeing injustice just accepted as normal," Hermione muttered. "As much as I love magic and have adored learning all that I have over the last few years, I'd be lying if I said that the more unpleasant parts of this society haven't soured things at least a little over the years."

"You don't necessarily need to stay," Luna said softly. "If you joined Harry and I, you might find that you quite like the Underworld."

"Now, I won't pretend that we don't have our own prejudices," Rias cut in immediately, "and as a recently turned devil, the attitudes of some of the less tolerant houses towards you would be similar to the attitudes of the purebloods here, but there are differences. As a part of my family, you would be spared from experiencing that directly, and unlike in this little world, there are ways for people to advance in mine. Power is ultimately what matters most to us, and there are plenty of ways to improve one's reputation and standing."

"I want to," Hermione admitted, "but I need to figure some things out first. What exactly I'd tell my parents is one of them, and I have enough reason to worry about them just now."

"Oh?" Harry asked.

"I got a letter from them earlier," Hermione replied. "Apparently there's a dental conference in Inverness that they'll be attending next week. Why anyone would arrange anything in the Highlands in February, I have no idea. Because I didn't come home for the holidays, they're wondering if they could see me while they're in the area."

"Is that possible?" Harry asked.

"Generally no, but they'll technically be in the area during the second task, and people attending it are permitted to bring muggle guests," Hermione replied. "I checked with Professor McGonagall, and though that rule was put in place for muggle-magical couples, it could still apply."

"I could ask Daddy to pick them up if you like," Luna offered.

"That's what I was going to ask," Hermione sighed in relief. "He wouldn't mind?"

"Not at all," Luna smiled. "I've been telling him about you and Harry for a while now."

"Thanks, Luna," Hermione sighed. "Truth be told, I'm curious why they even want to come. This isn't the first holiday that I've spent at the castle, and I'm a little worried that they'll be bringing bad news."

"They might just want to see you," Harry murmured, brushing his fingers through her hair.

"Maybe," Hermione whispered.

"So how did last night go?" Rias asked, making Hermione blush. "Luna filled me in."

"It was wonderful," Hermione replied, turning around to look at the grinning redhead. "All of this is still rather strange to me, but I can't imagine a better first time."

"I'm glad," Harry murmured in her ear before nibbling on the lobe, making her gasp.

"I'm still too sore," Hermione moaned.

"That's understandable," Rias smirked, walking up to them. "He is rather large, isn't he?"

"Huge," Hermione gasped as Harry pressed his hardening length against her arse through their clothes.

"You could watch if you like," Rias offered, cupping the brunette's cheek. "See for yourself the kind of pleasures that await you when you've healed up."

"Can I go first?" Luna asked, practically hopping in excitement.

"I think that's a great idea," Rias smirked. Pulling Hermione to her, she looked at Harry and said, "Take her."

"As if you need to tell me," Harry chuckled, letting Hermione go and moving towards Luna.

Hermione watched with rapt interest as he pulled the short blonde in for a passionate kiss and she felt heat pool in her core at the sight. She never would have imagined that she'd find watching Harry with other women so arousing, though it seemed that when it came to him, there were few things that didn't turn her on.

"They look so good together, don't they?" Rias asked, walking around until she was standing right behind Hermione. "Luna's such a perfect mixture of innocent and wicked, and every time I see them together, I can't help but think that they look like the perfect picture of corruption."

"Of course, it was you that corrupted Harry," Hermione chuckled.

"Not as much as you might think," Rias snorted. "He's taken to this debauchery very quickly."

"Mmm, you're such a good kisser," Luna sighed as Harry pulled back to let them breathe.

"So are you," Harry murmured as he drew his wand.

A moment later they were both undressed, and a bed appeared next to them, which Luna pulled him back onto. He pressed his body over hers, kissing her again, and ran his hands up along her sides from her hips to her perky breasts.

"He is certainly very...gifted," Hermione breathed.

"So we can see," Rias smirked, her blue eyes focused on Harry's cock as he ground it against Luna's folds.

"That's not what I meant," Hermione rushed to say before laughing. "This is all still so new to me."

"We don't have to jump straight into orgies if you want to take things a little slower," Rias chuckled. "I imagine last night you experienced a few firsts."

"More than a few," Hermione replied, turning and freezing as she saw the look of lust on the beautiful redhead's face.

"We could cover a few more if you like," Rias whispered, stepping closer to her. "Have you ever kissed a girl before?"

"N...never," Hermione replied breathlessly as she stared into the other woman's gorgeous lust-darkened eyes.

"You never tried practice kissing with a female friend?" Rias asked.

"Until Luna, I'd never had a female friend," Hermione replied.

"Such a pity," Rias replied, cupping her cheek. "You really are quite pretty, you know."

"That's a...new development, I assure you," Hermione laughed nervously. "I think I'm still used to thinking of myself as the bushy-haired bucktoothed know-it-all, at least on some level. My teeth were fixed last year."

"Well, that certainly doesn't describe you now," Rias murmured, leaning in and capturing the other girl's lips with her own.

Hermione froze in place for a moment, her mind racing as she realized that she was actually kissing the redhead. Her lips were soft, softer than Harry's, and her kiss, at least to start, was gentler as well. These thoughts fled from her moment later as the devil pushed her tongue past her lips, and she reacted immediately by sucking on it.

Harry heard a gasp from behind him, and his jaw dropped as he looked over and saw Rias and Hermione making out passionately.

"Holy shit," he breathed.

"I'm glad she's getting more into all of this," Luna smiled. "I can't wait to have her sit on my face as you fuck me."

"Merlin's balls, Luna," Harry groaned, feeling his cock throb at the sight.

Grinnig impishly, Luna reached down to wrap her hand around his length and replied, "What? You've seen her arse."

"You are such a naughty girl," Harry grinned before burying his face in the crook of her neck.

Luna gasped as he started planting hot kisses on the slender column, working his way down to her chest. She grabbed her breasts and kneaded them softly, teasing her hard nipples and rubbing them in circles that weren't at all subtle.

Luna was rarely subtle.

"Oh yes!" the blonde gasped as Harry took the hint and wrapped his lips around one of her stiff peaks.

"We're overdressed," Rias gasped, waving her hand over her and Hermione.

Instantly they were undressed, their clothes reappearing properly folded on a table in the corner. Hermione looked down at the buxom girl in awe, unable to fathom how her breasts could be that large and yet not sag even a little. Even given her age, she still would have expected gravity to have taken its toll at least a little.

"Do those hurt your back?" she asked.

"Not at all," Rias chuckled, turning around. "For one thing, devils are generally stronger than humans, but I'm also in really good shape."

To prove the point, she stretched her arms over her head, showing off the subtle toned muscles that lined her back. Her pale skin was utterly flawless, and Hermione was found herself unable to look away for a moment.

"You know, devils can subtly influence how they look," Rias purred, turning back around. "If I make you one of us, you might find yourself with slightly more manageable hair. I must say that I do kind of like this mane, though."

"Frankly, you should have led with that the other day," Hermione muttered. "Dealing with this rat's nest can be a nightmare."

"Yes!" Luna cried, and Rias turned back around to look at the bed.

Harry had his head between the blonde's thighs and was lapping at her cunt as she grabbed at the sheets on either side of her, her face a picture of pleasure. Hermione stepped forward blankly, enthralled by the sight, and Rias smirked.

"Conjure a love seat for us," she whispered in the brunette's ear and a moment later, one appeared behind them.

Rias sat down and pulled Hermione into her lap, making her gasp and look back at her in surprise.

"Did you get to experience the joys of parseltongue?" the redhead asked.

"Enough to know why you looked momentarily squeamish the other day when we learned where it came from," Hermione replied in amusement, making the other girl's eyes narrow.

"I'm choosing to pretend that I never learned that," Rias muttered, "though funny enough, I did once muse that it was so sinful it should have come from my kind."

"Sinful is definitely the word," Hermione sighed.

"Oh yes, oh right there, ahh!" Luna cried as Harry pushed two fingers inside her and curled them upward, pressing against her g-spot.

He circled her clit with his tongue as well, avoiding the little nub itself, not because he thought Luna couldn't take it, but because he didn't want to make her cum just yet. His eyes never left her face as he enjoyed her every little pleasured look. After a couple more minutes of teasing her, slowly bringing her to the edge, she started to become desperate for release.

"Harry," Luna whined. "Please make me cum."

"Have you been good?" Harry asked teasingly.

"Yes, I'm a good girl, I'm your good girl!" Luna cried.

"Fuck," Harry grunted, loving the way her airy, ethereal voice sounded as she begged him.

Wrapping his lips around her clit, he pressed his tongue against the throbbing nub and spoke a single word in parseltongue. The reaction was immediate as Luna shrieked at the top of her lungs and her back arched off of the bed. She squirted all over him, soaking his face and the bed below them, making him grin.

"I bet you sounded just as lovely when he made you cum," Rias purred, reaching around to grab her right breast.

"Oh!" Hermione gasped at the sudden pleasure as the redhead's slender fingers pressed against the pliant flesh of her small mound. "R...Rias."

"You're dripping down onto my thigh," Rias grinned. "Say the word, and I'll give you what you need."

Hermione whimpered at her words, feeling hotter and wetter by the second.

"Fuck...me," Luna panted, lying limp on the bed in the aftermath of her titanic orgasm.

"Whenever you want," Harry grinned, climbing onto the bed and lining himself up with her dripping slit.

"I wish we could do this all the time," Luna sighed.

"I think you'd get tired of it eventually," Harry chuckled as he pushed forward, sinking the first few inches of his cock inside her.

"Oh fuck!" Luna cried. "Never! That would be like getting tired of pudding."

Harry laughed at that and pushed forward again, slowly burying every inch of his thick cock inside her, stretching her inner walls wide. Luna gasped and wrapped her arms around him, holding him tightly as he started moving inside her, fucking her with long, slow thrusts.

"Please," Hermione gasped, shuddering as she felt Rias's hard nipples press against her back.

"Please what?" Rias asked, grinning devilishly.

"Please touch me," Hermione replied, and she cried out as the redhead parted her fleshy folds with her fingers.

"So wet," Rias purred. "You must really enjoy this."

"I do!" Hermione cried, squeaking as Rias brushed her fingers over her clit.

"Just wait until we're all here," Rias whispered in her ear. "I know Akeno is going to love getting to enjoy your gorgeous little body, and you heard Luna earlier. Imagine getting to look up into Harry's eyes while that little vixen eats your pussy. The sight of him stretching out her tiny hole is one of the hottest things I've ever seen. I have no idea how she manages to take him all."

"Fuck!" Hermione cried as Rias' words did almost as much as her fingers to drive her wild. "Inside, please!"

"You're not too sore?" Rias asked teasingly.

"No!" Hermione exclaimed, her eyes going wide as Harry and Luna rolled over.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck!" Luna cried as she rode him with wild abandon, rolling her hips rapidly.

"You're so bloody tight," Harry groaned, his fingers digging into her hips as he held onto her.

"Love...your...cock!" Luna howled, her words stilted by how heavily she was breathing as she soared towards her peak.

"Akeno and I had to teach her how to do that properly," Rias chuckled as she pushed a finger inside Hermione. "I'd say she's pretty good at it now."

"Yeah," Hermione breathed, surprised by just how hard Luna was riding Harry. "Oh!"

"So tight," Rias smirked as she pushed a second finger inside her. "You'd never guess that you were stretched out by Harry's massive cock just last night."

"Shit!" Hermione cried, reaching behind her head reflexively as pleasure surged in her.

Rias rested her head against Hermione's arm, her face inches from the brunette's, and changed the position of her hand. With her palm firmly against the brunette's clit, she pressed her middle and ring fingers inside her tight pussy.

"Was he everything you hoped?" Rias whispered.

"Beyond my wildest...ahh!...dreams!" Hermione screamed. "I'm so close!"

"Yes, yes, yes!" Luna screamed as the pressure inside her grew tighter. Her hips were a blur as she rode Harry hard and fast, spearing herself on his long, thick cock again and again. "So good! I'm gonna cum!"

"Do it" Harry grunted, kneading her breasts and thrusting up into her in perfect time with the movement of her hips. Reaching down to stroke her clit, he leaned in and whispered, "Be a good girl and cum for me."

"HARRY!" Luna screamed, coming undone immediately.

She collapsed forward, and Harry caught her, holding her tight as she shook and convulsed in his arms, waves of pleasure thundering through her entire body.

"Oh shit, oh, fuck oh..." Hermione trailed off into a wordless, keening wail a moment later as she joined the blonde, writhing in Rias' arms in orgasmic ecstasy.

The redhead held her, smirking as she felt her pussy spasm around her fingers. She stopped stimulating the other girl's clit immediately but kept pumping her fingers in and out of her tight tunnel, prolonging her pleasure as much as possible. Soon enough, her orgasm passed, and she went still, panting for breath.

"Delicious," Rias sighed as she licked her fingers clean.

Speechless, all Hermione could do was laugh and sink off of Rias' lap onto the seat next to her. She noticed Luna lying on Harry's chest as he ran his fingers down her back soothingly and smiled at the quiet, intimate sight. A moment later, the blonde pulled herself forward, allowing every inch of his cock to slip from her tight tunnel, and Hermione licked her lips at the sight of it.

"He hasn't...cum yet," Luna panted, rolling onto her back. "Do either of you...want a turn?"

"You're treating my cock like a toy," Harry laughed, sounding deeply amused.

"My favorite toy," Luna sighed.

"I'd say you speak for all of us there," Rias grinned. "Harry, hold it up for me. I want to try something."

"Please be careful," Harry winced, seemingly guessing what she had in mind.

"As if I'd risk damaging our favorite toy," Rias replied, making him snort.

Her wings sprung from her back, and she flew across the room in a long arc with her legs spread. Hermione watched in awe as the devil landed on his cock perfectly, taking every it to the hilt inside her in one smooth motion.

"If your aim was off even a little, you'd have been in for quite a shock," Harry chuckled, and Hermione gawked as she realized what he meant.

"I've already said that you'll get my ass as your reward if you win the tournament," Rias giggled, gasping his shoulders and working up to a steady pace as she rode him.

"That'll be a sight," Luna sighed, rolling onto her side and watching them eagerly.

As Harry rolled Rias over and, grasping her ankles, moved her legs back until she folded in half, Hermione took in the sight of the wild coupling and realized something; though she never would have imagined joining something like this even a few weeks ago, she couldn't imagine letting the opportunity before her slip away anymore. It wasn't normal by any stretch of the imagination, and she had no idea how she would explain it to anyone, but she wanted it all, not just Harry.

"Harder, harder!" Rias cried, making Harry pick up his pace further until he was outright pounding her into the bed.

"I never had a chance, did I?" Hermione thought to herself as she watched the man she'd been in love with for years fuck the girl who'd just fingered her to climax.

Luna joined her on the loveseat as she was lost in thought and smiled at her, saying, "Normal's overrated."

As the blonde leaned in and kissed her, Hermione thought to herself that perhaps it was.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Nov 13, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DeltaRyuujin, oiller, Brawlingbard and 441 others
voivode_writer
Oct 29, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 15 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Nov 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#356
"So the cave is around here somewhere?" Rias asked as she flew next to Harry.

"Yes, it's right there, see?" Harry asked, pointing towards the opening in the cliffside.

With his Firebolt under him, he was able to keep up with her well enough, though whether or not that was because she was flying slowly, she hadn't said. Looking over at the gorgeous redhead, he smiled, happy that he was able to go flying with her like this. The circumstances could have been better, but she was happy to help him track down the horcruxes, and he had to admit that the adventure of it was fun. As they landed inside the cave, Harry stored his broom in his mokeskin pouch and cast a quick lumos charm.

"It's not that big a cave, at least until we reach the barrier," he murmured.

"Barrier?" Rias asked.

"Nothing we can't through," Harry replied dismissively. "The true danger lies within."

"I can handle a few dozen zombies, I assure you," Rias chuckled.

They continued on for a couple minutes, and Harry found the spot that Tom had said he'd need to bleed on to get past. Wordlessly, he sliced his hand with a weak cutting charm and pressed it against the stone.

"I could have just destroyed the enchantment," Rias muttered as the entrance to the greater cave revealed itself.

"I don't mind bleeding a little to get what we came for, and there's going to be plenty for you to destroy further in," Harry replied, healing the shallow cut.

With his wand still drawn, he led her inside, appreciative of the fact that Voldemort hadn't seen fit to place any traps between the warded entrance and the true test that lay ahead. After about a minute, they found themselves in the main part of the cave, and Rias gasped at the sight.

"Oh, wow," she smiled, looking around.

"It's beautiful," Harry murmured, taking her hand. "Tom has a habit of corrupting beauty."

"Well, none of his 'corruption' here will survive past today," Rias said. Sensing the enchantments on the invisible boat, she asked, "I take it this boat is part of the trap?"

"There's a limit to how much power its occupants can possess," Harry replied. "If any more than a single adult wizard or witch tries to use it, it will carry them out to midway through this underground lake and fling them over. Truth be told, I don't know how it would react to you."

"Luckily, I don't need it," Rias grinned. "Come."

"Hmm?" Harry asked.

"I'll carry you over," Rias replied.

"I occasionally forget just how strong you are," Harry chuckled as she hugged him to her and flew up into the air.

"I'm just glad you aren't bothered by your girlfriend being strong enough to hold you," Rias laughed.

They landed on the small island, and Harry stilled as he realized immediately that something was wrong.

"I had wondered if your powers would negate things or not, but it seems we triggered the ward he set up against flight," he scowled. "In about a minute, the inferi are going to start rising from the lake."

"We knew it was a possibility," Rias shrugged, "and it's not like I didn't plan to destroy them all anyway. Oh my, this is actually an impressive bit of spellwork."

"The potion itself is complicated but not terribly so," Harry explained as he watched her get a feel for what the basin contained. "Voldemort was particularly impressed with himself over the enchantments on the basin. Getting it to keep replenishing unless the potion was specifically drank took him ages to figure out."

"Still, it's no match for the Power of Destruction," Rias smirked.

Her hand was immediately engulfed in crimson light, and she reached out to the enchantments on the basin, carefully undoing them bit by bit.

"Shit," Harry muttered as the first heads started poking above the water. "Glacius!"

An icy blast shot from his wand, instantly cooling the water to the point of freezing. The inferi whose heads had popped above it were held in place, and Harry quickly decapitated them. More and more of them started to rise to the surface, though, and those around the first few started breaking up the ice.

"Got it!" Rias exclaimed. "Grab the locket; I've got this."

"Happily," Harry muttered, letting her take his place as he moved toward the basin.

With the enchantments destroyed, it became possible to vanish the potion and reach inside, though the moment he did so, Harry realized that something was wrong. The diadem and cup had both had a distinct feel to them that he was able to sense from a distance much less up close. As he held the locket in his hand, he knew at once that it wasn't a horcrux.

"You weren't kidding about how many of these things there are," Rias called out as she unleashed another blast of destructive energy at one of the inferi.

She hit it directly, and it was atomized instantly, though those around it didn't react at all to the sudden destruction of one of their fellows. As they lurched forward, a shambling horde of rotting flesh held together by foul magic, they found themselves overmatched.

"A problem for later," Harry muttered to himself as he backed into her.

The inferi were coming from all sides, and though Rias was more than up to the task of eliminating them all, there was no harm in helping her. He unleashed a great wave of orange flame that engulfed all in its path, burning them to cinders. Back to back, the two of them fought, and the cave became alight with burning flame and crimson ruin. The zombies fell by the score, and soon enough, the cave was empty save for its two occupants, the basin, that somehow escaped their onslaught, and the burned remains of everything Harry had vanquished.

"You do know how to show a girl a good time," Rias laughed once it was clear that they'd dealt with the last of them.

"There's a village not far from here that we could almost certainly find a nice pub in if you want to make this a proper date," Harry offered.

"Alas, I need to get back to Kuoh," Rias sighed. "When we go get the ring, though, I'm holding you to that."

"I'm looking forward to it," Harry smiled. "Sadly, we did hit a bit of a snag here."

"What?" Rias asked.

"This," Harry muttered, pulling the locket out of his pocket, "is not a horcrux."

"What?" Rias repeated. "But you were sure…"

"Oh, it's a remarkable replica of the real thing, but this doesn't contain one of Tom's soul fragmen…" Harry trailed off as he opened the locket, and a small piece of folded parchment slipped out.

With his well-trained seeker's reflexes, he caught it and, opening it, read what was written on it, his eyes going wide as he did so.

"It seems we're not the only ones aware of how Voldemort survived death," Rias muttered.

"This is bad," Harry scowled. "If this R.A.B. managed to destroy the damn thing, then that leaves us with one fewer horcrux for Sirzechs to practice on."

"These things aren't easy for mortals to destroy," Rias said softly, "and it's entirely possible that he failed, though that would leave us with another problem. Do you know who this R.A.B. might be?"

"No," Harry replied, "though I know someone who will. Watch for a moment?"

"Of course," Rias replied as Harry sat down and closed his eyes.

"AHH!" Voldemort raged in his mind. "That traitorous filth! I hope he was torn limb from limb by my inferi!"

"Who was he?" Harry asked.

"Regulus Black," Voldemort replied, reluctance written all over his face. "Your wretched godfather's brother."

"That gives me a lead then," Harry mused. "How did he figure it out anyway?"

"I used his house elf to test my defenses on the basin and clear the potion away so I could place the locket inside it," Voldemort replied. "The little wretch must have survived and told his master what happened. How though? No one could apparate in and out of the cave; I made sure of that, and he was on the verge of death when I left him."

"House elf magic differs from our own, you idiot," Harry replied snidely. "Did you really not check to see if your wards worked on them before bringing one in?"

Voldemort glared murderously at him. "He likely failed, you know. The Blacks might know enough of dark magic to know what horcruxes are, but few know the ways to destroy them. If he spirited the locket away, it was likely lost, meaning that I truly will live forever."

"Or, he left it with his house elf, and I just need to get Sirius, as the elf's new master, to summon him," Harry grinned.

"You'll fail," Voldemort hissed, "just as you'll fail to keep the interest of that creature you're so infatuated with. You're unfathomably weak compared to her, and it is power her kind value above all else. I might have been wary of tangling with the devils, but I always admired their straightforward nature."

"Just because you're a lunatic who sees people solely for their utility doesn't mean that everyone else is," Harry scoffed.

"Her utility is what drew you to her at all," Voldemort smirked. "Her beauty, her power, the pleasure she gives you, these are what interest you, boy. Those things and your insipid fascination with her ability to fly under her own power, as though you couldn't also learn such an ability."

"You can fly without a broom?" Harry asked, ignoring his other comments.

"It took me decades to learn, but I managed it a few months before that fateful Halloween night," Voldemort replied.

"You're going to teach me," Harry commanded, making his enemy glare at him hatefully, "but not just yet."

"He's Sirius' brother," Harry said as he opened his eyes.

"Your godfather?" Rias asked. "That's convenient."

"Well, yes and no," Harry replied. "Getting in contact with him can be challenging, and if he'll need to return to Britain to help with this, that will take a while and not be without risks."

"Akeno and I can help move him about stealthily if needed," Rias offered.

"Thank you, though I'll have to fill him in a few things first," Harry chuckled.

"Right," Rias smiled. "Anyway, this trip wasn't a total bust. We wiped out the zombies and have a solid lead on the location of another horcrux."

"No trip I take with you could be a total bust," Harry whispered, pulling her in and kissing her passionately.

"Careful Harry, or I might start to think you're smooth," Rias teased, making him laugh.

"That would be your influence, I assure you," Harry chuckled.

"Well, as much as I hate to cut this short, I do need to get going," Rias sighed. "I'll see you tomorrow."

"See you then," Harry murmured.

*****

The moment Harry returned to Hogwarts, he penned a short letter to Sirius, making it clear that he was alright, but they really needed to speak whenever it was safe, and gave it to Hedwig to take to him, wherever he was. He had agreed to meet Fleur later in the morning and realized as he left the owlry that he was cutting it rather close and hurried to grab his supplies before heading off onto the grounds. As he approached the Beauxbatons carriage, his mind lost in thoughts of getting to swim with Fleur for a while, he was broken out of that pleasant reverie by a quite unpleasant, whiny voice.

"I suppose it makes sense for the son of a man who betrayed his own bloodline to betray his school and country," Malfoy drawled.

"Can I help you?" Harry asked, turning around to see his old school rival standing closer to him than he'd realized, flanked as usual by Crabbe and Goyle. "I need to pay better attention to my surroundings."

"You certainly can't help yourself," Malfoy chuckled. "Mudbloods, blood traitors, lunatics, and now non-humans. You can tell a lot about someone from the company they keep."

"So what does it say about you that you insist on keeping these trolls around?" Harry asked with a grin. "Is it just because they're just about the only ones among our peers that make you look better by contrast, or are you just really into the big and dumb ones?"

"You watch your mouth, Potter," Malfoy snarled, glaring at Harry as he realized what he was implying.

"Or what, Malfoy?" Harry asked, his tone menacing. "You've made so little of a nuisance of yourself lately that I'd almost forgotten you existed. Go back to bothering people who have time to put up with you."

Malfoy's face turned redder with his every dismissive word, and by the end it was nearly purple with rage.

"You can't speak to me that way; you jumped up little halfblood!" the blonde growled.

Harry, who had kept his right arm resting against his lower back ever since he turned to speak to Malfoy, had slipped his wand from his holster into his hand the moment he realized that this was likely to get violent and began silently gathering snow behind the three of them together, coalescing it into a large snowball, about ten times the size of a quaffle.

"It would seem that I just did," Harry grinned. "Run along, Malfoy; you're boring me."

"That's it!" Malfoy snapped, grabbing his wand from his pocket. Crabbe and Goyle did the same as he raised it and shouted, "Aquame…"

Before he could finish his spell, clearly intending to soak Harry to the bone in the freezing February weather, Harry summoned his giant snowball towards him, causing it to crash into all three of his foes and knock them flat on their faces.

"What is going on 'ere?" Fleur asked, coming upon them just as the three groaning Slytherins tried to force themselves back onto their feet.

"Someone over there lobbed a giant snowball at these three," Harry replied, pointing behind them. "No idea who."

Malfoy glared murderously at him, blood leaking from his nose, but as Goyle went to draw his wand, the blonde stopped him. It seemed he was smart enough to realize that his companions wouldn't be sufficient backup against both Harry and Fleur.

"You should get that looked at," Harry said with faux concern. "It might be broken."

Malfoy just clenched his hands into fists and skulked off, followed closely by the other two.

"'E's going to want revenge for zat," Fleur said, realizing that it had been Harry who struck them.

"Eh, his bark's always been worse than his bite," Harry chuckled, "and if he actually nuts up and tries anything, I'll have him fixed. I have far more important things to worry about right now than him."

"Well zen, shall we?" Fleur asked, pointing towards the lake.

"Ladies first," Harry grinned, and Fleur returned it as she walked towards the water.

"I must admit, while I'm using warming charms, anyway, zis frigid air is wonderfully fresh," she murmured.

"Did you just say something nice about Britain?" Harry teased.

"Ze island 'as its perks, I suppose, few zough zey are," Fleur replied haughtily, making him laugh. "I still zink 'aving us venture into zis lake at zis time of year of insane."

"No argument here," Harry muttered.

"It will be nice to 'ave backup for zis venture," Fleur said as they reached the lake. Removing her robe in one fluid motion and revealing the silver, skin-tight bathing suit under it, she added, "Perhaps ze grindylows will leave us alone entirely."

"They're not known for their intelligence," Harry replied, removing his own robes and leaving himself in nothing but his swim shorts. "Kind of like those three earlier."

"Mmm, 'ow much of zis build of yours is ze result of training zis year?" Fleur asked, looking him up and down.

"I play quidditch, so I wasn't inactive before this, but most of this is new," Harry replied, feeling his cock twitch in response to how she was looking at him.

"You never would 'ave zought so back in October, but I zink zis tournament 'as been oddly good for you," Fleur grinned.

"Yeah, at this point, I really can't disagree," Harry chuckled.

If he hadn't been forced into the tournament by Crouch, he probably wouldn't have ever summoned Rias, and all of the wonderful things that had happened to him since wouldn't have happened. It was odd to think like that, and he still planned to kill the man if he ever saw him again, but in a strange way, he did owe him.

"I'll make our zings invisible while we're in ze water," Fleur offered, piling her robes next to his as he reached into his mokeskin pouch and pulled out what he'd gotten from Zenophilius Lovegood.

"Zat looks familiar, but I cannot recall exactly what it is," Fleur said as she stared at the slimy green mass in his hand.

"Gillyweed," Harry replied. "It will transform me into a form capable of breathing underwater."

"Ah, right," Fleur replied. "I considered it but ultimately decided zat ze bubblehead charm would work fine. It does not look appetizing."

"No, it does not," Harry replied. "Eh, can't be worse than skelegro."

As Harry forced the unpleasant herb down his throat as quickly as he could, Fleur asked, "Why did you need to take skelegro?"

"Some idiot tried…" Harry coughed, wincing at how unpleasant that had been, "tried to fix my broken arm and accidentally vanished the bones instead."

"'Ow in ze world…" Fleur went to ask.

"Like said, idiot," Harry replied before she could finisheand he froze as he started to feel an odd itching sensation on his neck.

Breathing became difficult, and his eyes widened as he realized just how quickly the gillyweed was taking effect. Tom had never bothered with the stuff himself, having no real interest in it, so he hadn't been able to say much about it. Rushing forward, Harry jumped into the water and sighed in relief as he was able to breathe again.

Fleur rushed in after him, a visible bubble around her head, and grasped his arm, expressing her concern without words. Having someone in his mind who could share his own memories of learning magic made learning the same things go much faster. Harry had managed in weeks to accomplish something that took most people years; learning occlumency, and had begun to learn legilimency as well.

Looking deeply into Fleur's eyes, he pushed gently against her mind's natural defenses and projected the words, "I'm fine. The gills just came in sooner than I expected."

"You know legilimency?" Fleur asked in shock. "Do you know occlumency as well?"

"I don't think it's possible to learn the former without mastering the latter," Harry replied.

"Did you 'eadmaster teach you?" Fleur asked, and he could feel her envy within her mind.

"No, and the story of how I learned it would waste too much of the hour I have with this transformation," Harry replied. "Let's look around."

He broke eye contact, and the two of them swam off. Swimming lessons hadn't exactly been a priority for the Dursleys, but when one of their snooty friends mentioned that their son was doing well in his lessons, they seemed to feel compelled to send Dudley. They sent him as well, probably so that they'd be rid of him for a little while twice a week that summer, and while his cousin hadn't been terribly enthused, he had learned the basics.

What he experienced then was so much better than that.

With webbed hands and feet and a body that seemed to cut through the water like it was designed to do so, he was soon swimming circles around Fleur, who watched him amusement. On his third lap around her, she grabbed his hand and looked into his eyes. He pushed against her mind, and she smirked once she felt him.

"Now 'oo's wasting time?" she asked.

"Sorry," he replied sheepishly, "it's just an incredible transformation."

Pushing his enthusiasm down a bit, he followed her lead as she swam towards the center of the lake. They had no idea where Merpeople village was and figured that getting their bearings now would only help them in the task itself. Harry kept expecting them to be attacked by something, but though they were far from alone in the lake, being surrounded by fish who either came over to look at them or scurried away at the sight of them, they didn't come across anything hostile at least at first.

"Oh, wow," he thought to himself as they finally found what they were looking for a little while later.

It wasn't in the center of the lake per se, but it was close. A scattering of unmistakable dwellings on the lake floor made up what could generously be called a village. Harry and Fleur stopped the moment they saw it, wary of moving closer, but from their position they could make out the sight of merpeople moving about. They looked like the images of selkies he'd seen in the book Hagrid assigned to them last year. Far from the prettiest merpeople, they looked far less human than their warm-water counterparts found in spots like the Mediterranean Sea, but they were still rather humanoid. He and Fleur observed them for a couple minutes before a small force of armed selkies started swimming towards them.

"Why are you here?" the one in the center of the group asked.

She was distinctly female, with grey skin, long green hair, bright yellow eyes, and sharp teeth nearly the same shade as them.

Hoping that she'd hear him and understand him from there, Harry replied, "Just exploring."

Glaring at Fleur, the selkie replied, "Explore somewhere else."

"As you will," Harry replied, taking Fleur's hand. "Good day."

He swam off with Fleur in tow, not pausing at all until they were well away from the merpeople.

"Not the friendliest bunch," he projected into her mind.

"Ze merpeople are none too fond of Veela," Fleur replied.

Shaking his head at that, he led Fleur to the surface.

"Completely out of your element and involving people who aren't fond of yours," Harry muttered. "Did your headmistress object to this task at all? It almost seems designed to put you at a disadvantage."

"I do not know," Fleur replied. "She did previously say zat ze tasks were designed last year, before any of us were told about it. Do you not need to swim around?"

He returned under the surface and breathed more before returning to her.

"I can stay up in here in short bursts," Harry replied. "The gillyweed should wear off soon."

"I can keep you company closer to shore until zen," Fleur smiled.

The two of them swam towards the edge of the water, and as they reached it, Harry felt his gills starting to shrink and rushed above the surface.

"That was a very useful plant," he panted as he sat down in the snow.

"There must be some magic at play keeping this lake from freezing over," Hermione commented as she joined them. "Hello, Fleur."

"'Ermione, Luna," Fleur said in greeting.

"I love your swimsuit," Luna smiled. "It really highlights your incredible figure."

"Zank you," Fleur laughed, looking over at Hermione in interest. "I didn't zink to check earlier with 'Arry, but she's definitely sleeping with 'im now. Zere must be more to it zen ze very promising bulge in 'is shorts. Perhaps 'e's figured out what fun parseltongue can be."

"Is something up?" Harry asked.

"Um, Hedwig returned," Hermione replied.

"Already?" Harry asked, furrowing his brow.

"I bribed her with bacon and she gave me this," Luna said, handing him a letter.

"'Edwig is your owl?" Fleur asked. When Harry nodded absentmindedly, she added, "For owls, especially ones you've owned for years to give your letters to another, it usually only 'appens with spouses."

"Close enough," Luna shrugged, smiling at Harry.

"Sorry, Fleur, I need to go over this," Harry murmured.

"We got done what I wanted to," Fleur replied. "Ze second task will be made much simpler by knowing where we're to go. I assume you 'ave more gillyweed waiting."

"Oh no, he's planning to recreate the effect with transfiguration," Luna corrected her, making her freeze.

"'Uman transfiguration is 'ighly advanced and dangerous," Fleur pointed out.

"So I've warned him, but his early experiments have gone well," Hermione muttered. "Did the gillyweed give you the feel for gills and everything else that you hoped it would?"

"Oh yeah," Harry replied, barely paying attention. "I'll see you later, Fleur."

"It was nice seeing you again," Luna added.

"Likewise," Fleur smiled, still shocked by her youngest competitor's plan.

Hermione gave the beautiful blonde one last smile before rushing off after Harry and Luna. There was a time when being around a woman that beautiful would have made her feel insecure about herself. She didn't know if it was just growing up or specifically spending so much time with Rias that had changed her, but as she looked at Fleur then, she didn't feel insecure in the slightest. Instead, she found herself finally understanding why Luna was so keen on the idea of bringing her into their little web of insanity.

"What have you done to me, Harry?" she asked herself mentally, smiling wryly.

"Bloody hell," Harry muttered.

"What's wrong?" Hermione asked, seeing that he'd opened the letter and was staring down at it.

"He's here," Harry replied.

"In Britain?" Hermione asked.

"In a nearby cave," Harry whispered. "I solemnly swear that I'm up to no good."

Hermione looked down at the parchment in his hands, and her eyes widened as it transformed into a crude map showing the Hogwarts grounds, Hogsmeade, and a little cave to the north of the village marked with an x. There was a blinking dot on the grounds that she quickly deduced was the letter's position.

"I thought he didn't remember any of what went into making the map," she murmured.

"This is hardly as complex as it," Luna pointed out. "Still good spellwork, though. I need to get to Transfiguration. I'll see you two later."

"See you, Luna." Harry replied as Hermione waved.

"You want to go see him?" Hermione asked.

"Definitely," Harry replied. "There's something vitally important I need to talk to him about."

Looking around to make sure that they were alone, he pulled his cloak out of his pouch and wrapped it around them both.

"Is this related to your trip earlier?" Hermione asked quietly.

"We found a fake phylactery," Harry replied. "Apparently Sirius' brother figured out what Tom did and tried to screw him over."

"Seriously?" Hermione asked.

"Yeah," Harry replied. "He was a muncher, but seems to have had second thoughts and turned on the dark wanker."

"So one of them might have already been destroyed," Hermione grimaced.

"That's easier said than done," Harry replied. "More likely it's been hidden somewhere, which would be even worse if we can't find out where."

"That would be worse," Hermione shuddered.

The map was well made, if a little crude, so it didn't take them long to follow the most obvious path towards the cave. It was a pretty well-concealed spot, Harry had to admit, but the familiar screech of Buckbeak quickly made it obvious.

"Hey, now," Sirius rasped, trying to calm the hippogriff. "There's no one there."

"That's not true, actually," Harry murmured, throwing off the cloak.

At the sight of him, Buckbeak relaxed, and Sirius quickly got over his initial gaping and pulled Harry in for a hug.

"Merlin's beard, what are you eating up there?" the older man asked. "You've grown a foot."

"Hardly," Harry chuckled.

"Everything in sight," Hermione replied. "Hi, Sirius."

"Hello, you two," Sirius smiled. "I didn't expect to hear from you so soon."

"You took the words right out of my mouth," Harry muttered. "I didn't know you'd returned."

"I did when I learned that you were entered into the tournament," Sirius replied. "I wanted to be here for you if you needed me, but your letters became so much calmer shortly after Buckbeak and I arrived that I didn't say. Your last one sounded frantic, though. What's so urgent?"

"There's...so much I need to fill you in on," Harry sighed.

What followed was a lengthy explanation of the last few months of his life that saw Sirius pale, swell with pride, pale again, and then pale further.

"Harry, even my batshit family was always wary of dealing with devils," the older man muttered. "Are you sure that you can trust this Rias girl?"

"He can," Hermione replied before he could. "Trust me, I had major reservations when I first heard about all of this, but she really does care for him."

"And I care for her," Harry added. "I've learned and developed so much over the past few months that I have a shot to not only survive this tournament but also make more progress against Voldemort than anyone ever has."

"Huh?" Sirius asked.

"That's actually what I want to talk to you about," Harry said. "He left very important objects in the possession of some of his followers objects that could be the key to ending him for good. One was given to Lucius Malfoy, another to your cousin Bellatrix, and...your brother stole another one."

"Regulus?" Sirius asked.

"He betrayed his master towards the end," Harry replied. "The object that he stole might not have been destroyed, though, and I need to get my hands on it. His house elf was involved somehow. Do you know where that elf could be now?"

"Reg...he turned on You Know Who?" Sirius asked, sitting down as he tried to process that. "Are you sure?"

"Absolutely certain," Harry replied. "I take it that's a surprise?"

"I thought he was as wretched as the lot of them," Sirius muttered, looking regretful. "I guess me and Andi weren't the only sane ones after all."

"He probably died trying to do a good thing," Harry said gently, placing his hand on Sirius' shoulder. "Do you know where I could find his elf?"

"He didn't have an elf of his own, but my family did have one," Sirius replied. "A venomous old thing he was. If he's still alive, he'd be in the old townhouse that my family has owned forever."

"Where is it?" Harry asked, thinking that the locket could be in there too if it had survived.

"Islington," Sirius replied.

"As in the London borough?" Hermione asked. "Why in the world would your muggle-hating family want to live in the center of the biggest muggle settlement on the island?"

"Any time you want to ask me a question about my forefathers, be aware that the most likely answer you're going to get is 'they were nuts,'" Sirius replied, making both of them snort. "One of my ancestors decided that he wanted a house in the city, 'persuaded' the occupants to sign it over, and enchanted it to the gills. It's got every security measure you can think of other than the fidelius."

"Then why don't you live there?" Harry asked. "I could add the fidelius charm to it, and you'd be well beyond the reach of the law. Either Dobby or this other elf could handle your shopping and you'd be home free."

"I don't have the most pleasant memories of the place," Sirius replied.

"I get that, trust me, but if the one place in the country where I was safe was my relatives place and they weren't even there anymore, I'd think it worthwhile," Harry argued.

"Wait a tic, you think you could cast the fidelius charm?" Sirius asked. "That's post N.E.W.T. material."

"I've had a very productive few months," Harry replied. "At any rate, I do need to speak to that elf."

"Alright," Sirius sighed. "It'll take me and Buckbeak a little while to get there. I don't need to tell you that obscuring a hippogriff in London isn't going to be easy, but I'll manage."

"Thank you," Harry replied. "What's the address of the place?"

"12 Grimmauld Place," Sirius replied. "I'll send you a note when I get there, and you can floo the place once you're able."

"Thank you," Harry smiled. "It is good to see you."

"So moving back a bit, you summon this lovely girl of yours, beg for help, and the price she asks of you is taking her virginity?" Sirius asked. "I was too horrified earlier to focus on the important bits."

"Yes, that's how it happened," Harry replied, grinning. "I'm aware that even by my standards, that was strange."

"Well, you'll have one hell of a 'how I met your mother' story for the kids if you two go that far," Sirius chuckled. "That might be the strangest way to get a girlfriend I've ever heard."

"One of them," Hermione chuckled, earning a raised eyebrow from Sirius.

"Well, Rias hadn't been with a bloke before, but she did often share her bed with best friend Akeno, and she invited her to join us the day after we, uh, made our deal," Harry replied, unable to keep the smile off of his face as his godfather's jaw dropped. "There have been a...couple more since."

He looked over to Hermione, unsure of whether or not she wanted to be that public with their relationship, since it wasn't something they'd discussed before. She took his hand and smiled, giggling at the stunned look Sirius still had on his face.

"Your father would be so proud," the older man finally said after a moment of working to wrap his mind around what he'd just heard. "So you...are okay with all this, Hermione?"

"I am," Hermione replied.

"Oh, don't get me wrong, I knew there was something between you two immediately last year," Sirius chuckled. "I'm still a little surprised, though."

"So was I, but it feels right, you know?" Hermione asked, smiling as she leaned her head against Harry's shoulder. "The fourth one is Luna Lovegood."

"Pandora's girl?" Sirius asked. "That doesn't shock me. I came across her and Xenophilius going at it in the Forbidden Forest once while I was strolling around as Padfoot."

"Please don't tell Luna that," Harry replied. "I'd rather not shag in a spot where I could ambushed by acromantulas or the like, and that girl has the worst puppy-dog eyes when she wants something."

Sirius snorted at that. They remained a little while, just chatting about what he'd come across in his travels, before they decided that they'd best return to the castle and said goodbye.

"So, you mentioned earlier that Rias is busy today," Hermione murmured as they made their way back into the castle. "Are you going to summon Akeno?"

"I usually summon one of them if the other is busy," Harry replied.

"Well, Luna's class would still be going, and I'm free for another hour, so I figure we could spend time with her," Hermione smiled. "I've not gotten to know her as well as Rias thus far."

"Sounds great," Harry grinned.

The two of them went up to the Room of Requirement, and Harry summoned Akeno, only to get a greeting he didn't expect.

"Fuck me!" Akeno cried immediately, jumping into his arms and kissing him passionately as he held her by her plump arse.

"Um, hello," Hermione said, bemused by the display.

"Was Rias...mmm...edging you again?" Harry asked.

"We hunted a stray," Akeno moaned. "I had so much fun, and it made me so wet."

"Fighting really turns her on," Harry explained. Kneading her asscheeks, he rumbled, "Jumping in here and demanding that I fuck you without even saying hello was rude of you. Why should such a bad girl get rewarded?"

"Oh fuck, your dom voice has gotten so good," Akeno whimpered before getting into character. "I'm sorry, Sir, but I swear I can make it up to you."

"Of that, I have no doubt," Harry grinned devilishly, "but I'm not the only one you were rude to. Apologize to Hermione."

Turning around, Akeno said, "I'm sorry, Hermione."

"Say you're sorry for being a rude, horny slut," Harry whispered in her ear.

"I'm sorry for being such a rude, horny SLUT!" Akeno shrieked as Harry slapped her arse hard.

"Holy shit," Hermione gasped, fanning her face as she felt herself grow hot.

"Good girl," Harry whispered, and Akeno moaned.

"Fuck, Harry," she whimpered.

"Strip for us," Harry ordered.

A chair appeared behind him, and Harry sat down, curling a finger to beckon Hermione over. Blushing brightly and with eyes nearly black with lust, she walked over to him and sat down in his lap.

"Is she always like this?" she whispered as Akeno started slowly stripping out of her school uniform.

"She's into pain and both dominating and being dominated," Harry replied quietly. "The thought of submitting does nothing for me, but both Rias and I enjoy dominating her at times."

"By the way, Harry, let Luna know that I have her Kuoh Academy uniform," Akeno said, breaking character for a moment. "It's been ready for a while, but I completely forgot about it."

"She'll be thrilled," Harry grinned.

"You say that like you're not going to enjoy seeing her in it," Akeno giggled as her vest joined her socks and shoes on the ground. "She has such lovely legs, and the short skirt will show them off perfectly."

"You'd look good in the uniform too," Harry murmured in Hermione's ear. "It's far more flattering than our robes."

"Mmm, it is rather nice," Hermione replied, watching intently as Akeno finished unbuttoning her shirt. "Merlin, I think her breasts are even larger than Rias'."

"They are," Akeno purred. "I think she's prettier than me, personally, but I am curvier."

"You're both gorgeous," Harry grinned. As her shirt opened to reveal that she wasn't wearing a bra, he asked, "Are you not wearing any underwear?"

"Not a stitch," Akeno replied, tossing her shirt on the floor and leaving herself wearing nothing but a skirt. Grabbing the hem, she slowly raised it inch by inch, revealing her hairless, dripping slit. "I love walking around like this, knowing that at any moment a gust of wind could blow my skirt up. There are a few boys at Kuoh Academy that would actually faint if that happened."

He doubted that she was being entirely serious, as she was really playing up being a brat just then, but he still felt a twinge of jealousy at the thought of anyone seeing her pussy and was surprised by his own possessiveness.

"You're such a little brat," he chuckled. "Crawl to me."

"Yes, Sir," Akeno purred, sinking to her knees and crawling along the floor.

Harry snaked a hand between Hermione's thighs and brushed his fingers against her clothed cunt, making her inhale sharply.

"What do you think this little slut's punishment should be for being so bad?" he asked, smirking at the heated look Hermione was giving them both.

"I...I don't know," Hermione whimpered, completely out of her element.

"Oh, come now, there must have been something in one of those filthy books of yours that could work," Harry teased, making her blush brightly.

"Y...you could spank her," Hermione suggested, cringing at how weak she sounded.

"Hmm, that sounds fun...er, I mean, please no, not that!" Akeno exclaimed, not even bothering to sound sincere.

"Stand up," Harry said, and Hermione obeyed immediately. Looking at Akeno, he ordered, "Over my knee, Pet."

"Yes, Sir," Akeno panted, practically shaking with need as she climbed across his lap.

"Strip, Hermione," Harry grinned. "We're both going to get to enjoy her."

Hermione drew her wand and spelled her clothes off quickly, too impatient to do anything else. Seeing Harry acting so authoritative and hearing his voice sound so deep and rumbling was turning her on in a way she could barely understand. Harry's eye raked over her appreciatively, and Hermione shuddered at the blatant desire in them.

"ONE!" Akeno shrieked as Harry brought his hand down hard on her left arsecheek.

Her shriek nearly drowned out the mighty clap that sounded from the impact, and Hermione rubbed her thighs together as she realized just how hard he must have spanked the other woman.

"Fuck, you've gotten so much better at than you were," Akeno purred. "I can actually feel it no...two!"

On and on it went, Harry raining down blows upon the curvaceous bombshell's bottom as she screamed out the numbers in obvious delight. Hermione watched the display eagerly, unable to tear her eyes away for a moment. She doubted that she would enjoy such treatment herself, and the thought of spanking Akeno with her own hand didn't do much for her either, but it was still terribly arousing to observe.

"Twenty! Fuck, yes!" Akeno cried as Harry plunged two of his thick fingers inside her sopping wet cunt.

"You're so wet," Harry groaned. "Holy fuck, what a little pain slut!"

"Your pain slut, Sir!" Akeno warbled. "Please make your pain slut cum."

"What do you think, Hermione?" Harry asked, grinning as he looked over and saw a droplet of arousal running down his best friend's thick thigh. "Do you think she's earned an orgasm yet?"

"MayItasteher?" Hermione rushed out, her face turning scarlet as she realized what she'd said.

Harry's eyes widened in surprise, and, almost in a trance, he pulled his slick fingers out of Akeno's pussy and extended his hand towards Hermione.

"Go on," he grinned, and Hermione rushed over, sank to her knees, and wrapped her lips around the wet digits. As he felt her suck on his fingers, he groaned, "Fucking hell!"

"I'm glad you decided to join in the fun, Hermione," Akeno grinned, reaching over to cup one of the other girl's perky breasts. "I knew there was a kinky little minx in there somewhere."

Wrapping his hand around her silky braid, Harry pulled Akeno's head back and whispered in her ear, "Kiss her and show her just how much you want her here."

"Merlin, Harry," Hermione gasped, letting his fingers slip from her lips.

A moment later, Akeno captured those lips with her own, and the two started to kiss passionately. Harry was in control of the room, and its furniture he could change at will. The chair he was in transformed into a bed, part of which sprung up under Hermione's kneeling form so that all three of them were soon comfortably on it.

"So what all have you two done so far?" Akeno asked.

"Oral and vaginal in a few positions," Hermione replied.

"Have you had another girl go down on you while Harry fucked her?" Akeno asked.

"No," Hermione breathed, shivering at the thought.

"Well, how does that sound?" Akeno asked, turning to grin at Harry.

Harry drew his wand, and his clothes quickly joined theirs on the floor. Both Hermione and Akeno looked down at his throbbing cock with lust-darkened eyes, and he smirked in response.

"Lie back, Hermione," he said. "She's nearly as good at this as I am."

"In my defense, you do cheat," Akeno giggled.

"Is that a complaint?" Harry chuckled.

"You know it isn't," Akeno purred. "That tongue of yours is a lethal weapon, babe."

Hermione shifted onto her back and spread her legs wide, feeling her heart race in her chest as Akeno crawled towards her, her heavy breasts swaying under her with each movement. Never in her wildest dreams would she have imagined herself in a position like this, having threesomes with her best friend and the most beautiful women she'd ever seen in her life. She couldn't even begin to regret the strange turn her life had taken, though, and as Akeno buried her beautiful face between her thighs, all she could do was throw her head back and cry out in pleasure.

Harry buried himself to the hilt inside Akeno in a single thrust, groaning both at how sinfully good she felt and how hot both her and Hermione looked together. He had been so sure that Hermione would never even consider joining their strange little relationship, and he'd never been happier in his life to be proven wrong. Seeing her face screw up in pleasure, her eyes lidded, and her mouth hanging open as Akeno's wicked tongue danced across her sensitive folds was one of the most incredible things he'd ever seen in his life.

"Oh, fuck, just like that," Hermione moaned.

"Fucking hell, I love your cock!" Akeno cried.

"He really is...oh Merlin...blessed isn't he?" Hermione moaned. "I'm amazed he even fit inside me."

"I don't know what...ahh...surprised me more, seeing him manage to bury every inch of that mammoth dick inside Luna, or managing to take him up my ass," Akeno grinned.

"Your…" Hermione trailed off in shock.

"I thought she was going to pass out from the pleasure she came so hard and often," Harry grinned. "We haven't tried it since."

"Didn't that hurt?" Hermione squeaked, barely able to contemplate taking something that large there.

"A little, but we used a ton of lube, and before long it just felt so good," Akeno sighed.

"We should try it again some time," Harry murmured, picking up his pace.

"Oh, fuck!" Akeno cried. "Just like that! Maybe Hermione here would like to try it."

"I…" Hermione went to reply only to scream as Akeno wrapped her lips around her clit and started sucking gently on it. "There's no way it would fit."

"Oh, it would fit," Akeno grinned. "You'd just need to...ahh, right there!...need to be loosened up first."

"We don't have to do anything you're not comfortable with," Harry assured her.

Akeno held out her hand and summoned a bottle of lube from her room in Kuoh. Holding it out, she just cocked an eyebrow at Hermione, who shuddered at the thought.

"Maybe just a finger or two," the brunette whispered, making Harry's jaw drop.

Knowing that Akeno was close, he changed the angle of his thrusts slightly, making sure that he was hitting one of the deep spots at the back of her tight tunnel each time he reached deep inside her, and started fucking her harder. She dropped the bottle on the bed and started clawing at the sheets, screaming in pleasure.

"Right there, right there, right there!" Akeno shrieked. "I'm gonna cum!"

Grabbing her braid, he pulled her hair carefully and spanked her arse hard. The effect was immediate as Akeno's eyes started to roll back and her breathing grew rapid. He spanked her again, and she was sent hurtling over the edge.

"HARRY!" she squealed at the top of her lungs.

"Fuck me," Harry groaned to himself, holding still for a moment as he enjoyed feeling her vice-tight silky walls spasm around his cock.

He started moving again soon after, fucking her through her orgasm and prolonging her pleasure as much as possible. He locked eyes with Hermione, grinning as he saw her practically panting with need.

"So...good," Akeno panted. "You cock is...fucking magic."

Harry laughed at that and pulled her head back by her hair so that he could kiss her. She grinned up at him as he pulled back and immediately placed her hands back on Hermione's thighs.

"You want to see...if you like it?" she asked, still catching her breath.

"Yes," Hermione replied, and Harry groaned, feeling his cock throb at the thought of possibly fucking her in the ass.

Akeno opened the bottle of lube and poured a good amount onto her left palm before carefully coating three of her fingers. Once that was done, she scooped up a little more and pushed it against her puckered rosebud.

"Cold," Hermione hissed.

"Just relax," Akeno grinned. "We'll try a single finger to start. You're lucky it's me doing this. Harry's hands are so much larger."

"Ahh!" Hermione moaned as Akeno pushed inside her, stretching her tight little hole just a bit.

Akeno's fingers were slim and elegant, but Hermione had never even had that much inside that particular hole before, and she clenched her eyes shut as she experienced the entirely new sensation.

"How is it?" Harry asked, fucking Akeno with long, slow strokes as he watched the show before him intently.

"Strange," Hermione replied, "but not bad."

"This will feel stranger," Akeno warned her. Hermione squeaked a moment later, her eyes going wide, and the other girl explained, "A little spell to clean you out and lubricate you better."

"Then why use the other lube?" Hermione asked.

"You can never have too much lube with anal," Akeno replied.

She slowly her finger in and out of Hermione's arsehole, getting her used to the feeling, but she added a second one. Hermione squeaked again, grabbing the sheets on either side of her as pleasure began to build inside her again.

"I daresay you're enjoying this," Akeno giggled. "You're practically dripping."

"Please lick me again," Hermione begged. "That's starting to feel really good."

"I will once you've taken a third finger," Akeno promised. Turning her head, she said, "You can fuck me harder, Harry. I can focus on this too."

"If you're sure," Harry chuckled, digging his fingers into her hips and picking up his pace.

"Yes!" Akeno cried, pumping her fingers harder and faster into Hermione's ass.

"Why does that feel so good?" Hermione asked.

"There are a lot of nerve endings here," Akeno replied. "You might not have a prostate, but it can still feel really good, and if I swirl my tongue around your clit like so…"

"Fuck!" Hermione cried, sinking her fingers into Akeno's silky locks. "I'm so close!"

"Do you think you can...oh fuck, that feels good...handle a third finger?" Akeno moaned as she slowed down a little.

"Try it!" Hermione cried, feeling the pressure in her build to almost maddening levels. "Just please make me cum."

"Good girl," Akeno grinned, pushing a third finger inside the tight ring of the other girl's arse.

At the same time, she wrapped her lips around her clit, alternating between sucking gently and flicking her tongue over the throbbing nub.

"Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop!" Hermione cried as her back arched off of the bed. "Yes, yes, yes, YES!"

Harry pushed Akeno down until she was lying prone on the bed and started pounding her into it. The black-haired beauty squealed in pleasure at the sudden change and pumped her fingers in and out of Hermione's ass even faster. Hermione writhed and thrashed on the bed as pleasure thundered through her, and she gasped as she felt Akeno pull her fingers out of her quickly.

"Just like that, fuck!" Akeno moaned, clawing at the sheets.

"I love this position," Harry grunted as he fucked her even harder, his every thrust making her plump cheeks ripple and jiggle.

"I...bet," Akeno laughed, guessing where he was looking.

"That too," Harry chuckled, "but mostly because no other position makes you scream so quickly."

He reached under her, snaking his hands between her breasts and the bed, and kneaded the supple mounds, pinching her rock-hard nipples. Her cries grew louder and louder as she began to see stars, and just as she began to fantasize about being held just like this, with her pleasure plateauing right at the edge of ecstasy, she was thrown over it. She shrieked into the bed, convulsing in pleasure as another orgasm tore through her almost violently.

Hermione, having just recovered from her own pleasure, watched the other girl cum wildly and felt heat pool low in her belly again at the sight. Even though she'd found the romance novels she'd read exciting, her image of sex was still slow and loving. She'd never pictured herself being taken roughly, being fucked like a whore, even in her most feverish moments of masturbation. That image had barely survived a night with Harry, and as she sat there, watching Akeno shriek her head off in ecstasy as Harry fucked her into the bed, she found herself wanting things she'd never dreamed of before.

"Could we try it?" she asked.

"Sorry?" Harry asked, pulling his slick cock out of Akeno to give her a break.

"A...anal," Hermione whispered, fearing that her voice would squeak if she spoke more loudly.

"Really?" Harry asked.

"Her fingers felt good, and clearly you're a lot bigger, but…" Hermione trailed off, looking down at Akeno's still twitching form.

"You won't...regret it," the black-haired beauty panted, grinning from ear to ear as she looked up at her with glassy eyes.

Roll over," Harry breathed, and Hermoine scrambled onto her hands and knees quickly, shaking with both nervousness and desire.

Her arsehole had mostly closed up, recovering from Akeno's efforts to stretch her out, but it wasn't completely closed yet. Grabbing the bottle of lube, he squirted some onto his fingers and coated them fully before pushing one of them inside her.

"Harry!" Hermione moaned, the word drawn out in the most sultry sound he'd ever heard her make.

"Fuck, you're tiny," Harry groaned as he felt her vice-tight arse squeeze around his finger.

She was very well lubricated and had already been stretched a fair bit by Akeno, but this would still be an incredibly tight fit. He worked his finger in and out of her slowly, his cock throbbing with her every breathy sigh and sultry moan. He added a second one soon enough and was pleased to see how easily she stretched for him. As he continued preparing her, he squirted some of the lube onto his cock and carefully worked it over the entire shaft, being unable to leave anything to chance.

"I...I'm ready," Hermione panted, pressing her cheek into the sheets, and pushed her arse as high into the air as she could. Her pussy was so wet it was leaking onto the bed below, and she was certain that, so long as this wasn't terribly painful, she was going to cum again.

After pulling his fingers out of her winking arsehole, Harry fisted his cock and pressed the head against it.

"Hold still, love," Harry murmured as he gently pushed forward.

"Ahh!" Hermione cried as the bulbous head popped inside her.

"Fucking hell," Harry gasped.

"Oh, oh, oh!" Hermione cried, grabbing the sheets so hard that her knuckles turned white.

Harry groaned at the unimaginable heat and tightness of her arse. She felt so good, and he'd barely gotten any of his cock inside her yet. She reached behind her, digging her fingers into her plump buttocks and pulling the cheeks wider. Akeno had recovered by then and crawled over to join them, grinning when she saw Hermione's face half pressed into the bed.

"Enjoying yourself?" she asked.

"He's in me!" Hermione cried.

"Well, a couple inches of him anyway," Akeno giggled.

"That…" Hermione trailed off in shock.

"He feels much bigger back there, I know," Akeno cooed.

"If you need me to go any slower, just let me know," Harry said, placing his hands over hers.

She let go, leaving her arse in his hands, and pushed herself up a little on the bed.

"It's okay, Harry," Hermione whimpered. "It hurts a little bit...Merlin, you feel huge, but it's not bad."

"Like your first time, it will pass," Akeno murmured. "Once he's buried to the hilt in here and his big, heavy balls are slapping your clit with every thrust, you'll see stars."

"Fuck!" Hermione cried as he pushed another inch of his thick cock inside her.

"You're okay," Akeno said soothingly, brushing her fingers through Hermione's hair.

"You feel so bloody good, Mione," Harry moaned.

He had enough of his cock inside her by then to be able to fuck her with slow, shallow thrusts, burying a little more of his cock in her each time. Inch by inch, he conquered the last of her depths, reshaping her perfect arsehole around his oversized cock. He was so big and she was so small that it was always going to be an insanely tight fit, much like it had been with Akeno, but Hermione took him without complaint, and about five minutes of torturously slow fucking later, his hips were pressed firmly against her buttocks.


"Holy...shit!" Hermione panted. "It that...all of it?"

Her legs were shaking so badly by then that he had to help hold her up, and her entire body was covered in a sheen of sweat from the exertion.

"It is," Harry replied, whispering in her ear and kissing her cheek. "You're such a good girl."

"I'm so full," Hermione whimpered.

"You took him well," Akeno complimented. "You can feel every vein, can't you?"

"Yes," Hermione whimpered. "You can move, Harry, just go slow."

"Okay," Harry replied, slowly pulling half of his cock from her depths before thrusting back inside her.

Hermione squeaked, shuddering at the sensations her brain was struggling to process. It was so much more intense than anything they'd done before, not more pleasurable, not yet anyway, but far more intense. Her wild hair had fallen over her face, and when Akeno pushed it aside, she smiled gratefully and took the other woman's hand. Akeno grinned and held her hand as she experienced her first buggering.

Harry was slow and careful to start with and seemed to almost instinctively know when she was ready for him to speed up. He gradually worked his way up to a steady pace, and the first time she felt his balls slap her throbbing clit, she screamed.

"Are you okay?" Harry asked, going still.

"I think she's doing great," Akeno giggled.

"Don't stop!" Hermione yelled, desperate for more.

"Hold still for a second, Harry," Akeno smirked, holding up her hand. Cupping Hermione's cheek, she whispered, "Tell him what you want. Be very specific."

Hermione shuddered and screamed, "Fuck my ass, Harry!"

"Fucking hell," Harry groaned as he started fucking her properly.

Hermione's whimpers and moans turned to cries and screams as he reamed her arsehole, pounding her hard enough to make lights go off behind her eyes. It hurt a little, and she was sure that sitting down later wouldn't be fun, but in that moment she couldn't bring herself to care because it felt so good.

"He's balls deep inside your tight little asshole, Hermione," Akeno grinned. "He's fucking your ass, and you love it, don't you?"

"YES!" Hermione screamed, throwing her ass back against him. She was still new at that, and Harry had to adjust his rhythm to match hers, but soon they were moving together. "You're so deep!"

It felt he was in her bloody stomach, and her pleasure-numbed brain imagined for a moment that he actually was, that his positively equine cock had reached impossible depths inside her. She felt like she was losing her mind, like his every thrust was turning her brilliant brain to mush. She felt her orgasm building rapidly, but it seemed so much more powerful than she could fathom, and she wondered just what sort of mind-melting ecstasy she was about to lose herself in.

There was something about fucking a woman in the ass that gave a guy a sense of primal power. Harry didn't know if that was a universal thing or if he was just weird, and in that moment he couldn't care less. All that he knew was that, as he had the first time with Akeno, he felt like a wild beast fulfilling his sole purpose and never wanted it to end.

"More, more, more, more!" Hermione shrieked. "I'm gonna cum, gonna cum, go…"

She trailed off as her orgasm crashed over her like a tidal wave, making her vision go white. It started in her core and spread out across her entire body, setting her every nerve alight with pleasure. Her cunt gushed hard, soaking Harry's balls and the bed under them with her fluids as it spasmed around nothing. She was a squirting, writhing, mindless mess, lost in a maelstrom of ecstasy as she experienced her first analgasm.

"That's just about how Rias described how I looked," Akeno giggled as Harry continued to fuck Hermione's brains out.

"Pretty much," Harry panted, feeling close to cumming as well.

Hermione's already vice-tight ass clenched almost painfully around him as she came and moving at all took effort, but he kept it up, both to prolong her pleasure and to chase his own. He came a moment later, groaning her name as he filled her bowels with what felt like gallons of cum. He collapsed forward, catching himself on his forearms and burying his face in her wild mane as he panted for breath.

"That was so hot," Akeno grinned, settling down next to them.

"Glad you...enjoyed it," Harry panted, pulling his softening cock from Hermione's gaping asshole.

He rolled onto his back, seeking out and grasping Hermione's hand. She squeezed it and grunted wordlessly, still too out of it to speak. She was facing him, and when he brushed her hair out of her face and saw her smiling widely with her eyes closed, he chuckled and settled back.

"I know you too well to think that you won't be hard again in a moment," Akeno purred, waving her hand over his cock and cleaning it with a spell.

"I could use a little help," Harry smirked, and she grinned in response.

Without a word, she lowered herself down to his cock and took the half-hard length between her lips. Harry groaned and rested a hand on her head, closing his eyes as she started bobbing her head up and down on his cock.

"Fleur's right," he thought to himself. "This tournament has been a blessing in disguise."

That was the last coherent thought that crossed his mind for some time that day.

*****

Lord Voldemort craned his neck from side to side as he sat upon his throne in Malfoy Manor, looking around the room at his genuflecting servants. The pleasant cracks he produced echoed through the room, a testament to how silent they all were. He had made his displeasure with each of them crystal clear by now, and they knew better than to draw his ire again.

"Long has it been since we all gathered together like this," he murmured, drawing their attention. "Although I am still displeased that none of you sought me out over the last thirteen years, I will admit that some of you have done good work. Lucius, the inroads you've made with the minister and his allies have been particularly useful."

"Fudge is a simple creature, my lord," Lucius said silkily. "So long as his coffers remain full and his approval rating high, he'll do as I say."

"Has Dumbledore done much to oppose you?" Voldemort asked.

"No, my lord," Lucius replied. "Dumbledore's focus remains on Hogwarts. His other positions he holds largely, I suspect, because he doesn't trust anyone else to take them in his stead. He's not much of a politician in truth."

That had always been the case. Throughout their long war, the old fool had only ever reacted to him, as though he hoped that he'd make a mistake. As a boy, he'd been consistently confounded by the man who introduced him to magic. How could someone who wielded such power be so reluctant to use it? He'd eventually realized that it was fear and weakness and that, although no one could deny that Dumbledore was a dangerous foe to cross wands with, he'd never be much of a threat otherwise. It left him frustrated, as he imagined Gellert Grindelwald had been. An opponent you couldn't easily put down but who also stood almost still in your way was incredibly vexing.

Dumbledore could wait, however, as, for the time being, he had more important things to focus on. He'd learn more of what the old man was up to when he reached out to Severus come the summer, either by making use of his loyal spy or torturing information out of a traitor.

"Has word of my return reached the minister yet?" Voldemort asked.

"No, my lord," Lucius replied.

"The aurors don't seem to know either," Walden Macnair added, flinching only a little when Voldemort's eyes fell on him.

"Curious," Voldemort mused, tapping his fingers on the armrest of his throne. "I would have expected the old fool to have tried to warn them by now."

"Is it possible that Dumbledore is unaware, my lord?" Alecto Carrow asked.

"Unlikely," Voldemort replied. "He's always had a talent for knowing things he shouldn't, and he has two marked death eaters under his roof just now. Even if Severus didn't tell him, I would expect treacherous Igor to turn to him in fear, not that the old man will be able to protect him for long."

"I'm going to enjoy catching up with Igor when the time comes," Crouch grinned, his eyes flashing malevolently.

"I imagine it was difficult to restrain yourself from gutting him in Hogwarts," Voldemort grinned. "For such a noble sacrifice, you will be rewarded, of course."

A few of them laughed at that, and he silenced them with a look.

"Igor can wait as well, however," Voldemort hissed. "For the time being, we have a far more important target to turn our attention to."

With a wave of his wand, a map appeared before them, hovering in the air and turning around slowly to show them all what they were truly there to discuss. A few pairs of eyes widened as they saw what he had in mind, though none truly looked surprised. When the map reached around to him, he looked down at it and grinned.

Azkaban Prison, which had held his most loyal and capable followers for over a decade.

"There is much that we need to do," Voldemort said as the meeting began in earnest.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Nov 12, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DeltaRyuujin, Markuz Black, Fridrich and 411 others
voivode_writer
Nov 12, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 16 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Nov 26, 2024
Add bookmark
#366
"After the last one, this seems kind of anticlimactic," Rias chuckled as she picked up the heavily cursed ring.

"He decided to rely more on magic in this case," Harry replied. "The shack was well-hidden by the trees around it to begin with, and with the enchantments Voldemort added, no one in the village was able to think about it for more than a moment. He reasoned that no wizard or witch was likely to remember that the Gaunts had once lived here and his final protection lay on the ring itself."

"Yes, this is far more vile than what was on the diadem," Rias commented as she looked down at the ring. "I'm tempted to burn this place to the ground just to remove the eyesore."

"I'm sure the villagers would appreciate it, but until Voldemort's gone for good, we shouldn't," Harry replied.

"I know, but it is just so gross," Rias shuddered. "Anyway, come. Sirzechs is free, and I want to check in on his progress as well as deliver the next horcrux."

"Have I set the record yet for most trips to the underworld made by a human?" Harry asked.

"If not, you have to be up there," Rias replied, wrapping an arm around him and conjuring a magic circle around them.

A moment later, they left the decrepit shack and reappeared outside a palace Harry hadn't seen yet. It was a massive, sprawling structure of dark stone and red roof tiles, and he swore that it looked familiar.

"Sirzech's palace is based in part on the Palace of Versailles," Rias said before he even asked. "The color scheme was at Grayfia's insistence, as she thought the actual palace was too irritably bright for her tastes."

"If it's based on Versailles, it can't have been their first home," Harry mused.

"It's the only one I've ever known, but no, they've had other palaces and castles through the centuries," Rias replied as she waved her hand and the front door opened before her.

"Princess," a man dressed as an old-fashioned English butler smiled as he spotted Rias.

"Geoffrey," Rias replied just as warmly. "My brother is expecting me."

"Of course," Geoffrey replied. "You know you're always welcome here."

"Princess?" Harry asked through their mental link.

"Geoffrey's been Sirzech's servant for a very long time, and when I came along, he decided that, as his master is essentially king of the underworld, I was technically a princess," Rias replied, brimming with amusement.

She led him upstairs, clearly knowing the way, and as they passed through the richly decorated halls, she turned to him and said, "After you become a devil, you'll need to come to the Underworld the first time on one of the trains. After that, once you gone through the official channels, you'll be able to come and go freely."

They passed through multiple long halls before coming upon their apparent destination. Rias knocked on the door, and it opened immediately, allowing them inside. They found Sirzechs seated behind a sturdy-looking desk made of some kind of dark wood. His study, as Harry figured this was, was less richly decorated as the rest of the mansion, though he imagined that the furnishings were still all very expensive. The walls were painted blue and covered in paintings and tapestries portraying figures he didn't recognize.

"Rias," Sirzechs smiled, standing up to greet his sister. "Hello, Harry."

"Hello, my Lord," Harry replied.

"Call me Sirzechs," Sirzechs said. "Anyone this close to my sister can forgo such formalities."

"We found another one," Rias grinned, tossing him the ring. "We've nearly gotten all of them now."

"That is some impressively vile magic," Sirzechs murmured as he felt the curse on the ring.

"How did things go with the cup?" Harry asked.

"I destroyed it," Sirzechs replied, looking sheepish. "I've been using the Power of Destruction for longer than you can imagine, and I can destroy virtually anything, but this is rather different. Focusing the power so intensely that I can destroy something within an object without damaging the whole thing is something I haven't attempted since the early days of my training and I never attempted it something as delicate as a soul fragment."

"It has to be much worse with the object in question being a fragment of a soul," Rias muttered. "I can sense the presence in these objects, but it's faint."

"A fun challenge," Sirzechs smiled. "This is why I wanted to test it out on these horcruxes first."

"Something I appreciate, by the way," Harry chuckled.

"Now, just be silent for a moment, and let's give this another try," Sirzechs murmured, closing his eyes. "I think I know what went wrong with the cup."

Harry watched with bated breath, hoping more than anything that he would succeed. Once he was sure that Sirzechs could safely remove the horcrux from him, he'd want to wait a little while, so that he could further interrogate and learn from it, but it would be a relief to know that it was possible.

Sirzechs called upon the Power of Destruction, and Harry felt a chill go down his spine as he felt the raw power coming off of the devil lord in waves. He didn't have an inherent ability to sense magic, being only a mortal wizard, but Sirzechs was powerful enough that he imagined a muggle would be able to feel it. His hand was enveloped in crimson energy, and Harry heard a terrible scream echo through the room. A moment later, black smoke billowed out between his fingers, and Harry recalled what happened when he stabbed the diary back in second year.

"Ha! It…" Sirzechs exclaimed, only to trail off in confusion as he opened his hand. "Well, that's odd."

"You destroyed only part of it," Rias said, sounding both hopeful and confused. "That's progress...right?"

"I don't think so," Sirzechs replied, sitting down behind his desk and setting what remained of the horcrux on his desk.

The ring itself had been completely disintegrated, but the small square-cut black stone that had rested in it looked completely undamaged. As Harry got a closer look, he caught sight of the small photograph that sat next to it on the desk. It was a picture of Grayfia and Sirzechs standing with a crimson-haired boy who had to be their son.

"The Horcrux itself was destroyed," he pointed out. "I know what the destruction of one of them looks like."

"It is, and I failed to isolate the soul fragment without destroying the object just like last time," Sirzechs said, "but somehow, this stone resisted my power."

"Resisted you?" Rias asked, sounding like someone had just tried to argue that the sky was pink. "How is that possible?"

"I'm not actually omnipotent, Rias," Sirzechs chuckled, "and there are a handful of beings out there who are more powerful than I am. I suspect that one of them made this. Did Voldemort ever seek out an alliance with a god of some kind?"

"No," Harry replied with absolute certainty. "He fears death above all else and has a pathological need for control. He contemplated trying to reach out to the devils for power, as other wizards had in the past, but ultimately decided against it because he knew that such a being would demand his servitude in return and try to kill him if he double-crossed them. As for gods, they exist?"

"They do indeed," Sirzechs replied, looking over the stone. "I don't sense anything dangerous in this, nor do I have much use for it, so you hold onto it. See later if your slave has any further information for us. In the meantime, I'm going to go back to the drawing board with this. I think that I'm approaching the problem from the wrong angle."

"There are still others to test out," Rias said reassuringly, looking at Harry. "We hope that we'll be able to get our hands on the next one soon."

"If it still exists," Harry muttered.

Sirzeches cocked an eyebrow at that but didn't comment on it. "I'll leave things in your hands, and I'm afraid that I must bid you both adieu. I have a meeting in ten minutes."

"Of course," Rias replied, taking Harry's hand. "I'll talk to you later."

"Thank you for all your help," Harry added.

"It's no trouble," Sirzechs replied. "Take care."

The two of them said their goodbyes and disappeared in a magic circle. The moment they were gone, Sirzechs smile fell, and he sent a quick request to Ajuka to speak and summoned a mirror. His old friend's face appeared in it a moment later.

"Is something wrong?" Ajuka asked curtly.

"Hello to you too," Sirzechs replied wryly. "You said before that you felt an old and faint trace on Harry, as though he had come into significant contact with a powerful figure when he was very young. Are you sure that that figure was a devil?"

"That's what it felt like," Ajuka replied. "I took tissue samples from Harry while I was enslaving his parasite to him and will have a definite answer when my scanner finishes, though it's taking its sweet time. Why?"

"I destroyed another horcrux earlier, and a piece of the object resisted my power," Sirzechs replied.

"That's...interesting," Ajuka drawled. "Send it to Agreas and I'll find out what it is and who made it."

"I have a good idea of who made it, and I sent it back with Harry and Rias for that reason," Sirzechs muttered. "It might be unrelated, in which case it is much better that it stay on Earth for the time being, but I thought I'd call you and ask if there was a chance that the energy signature you detected came from a god instead of a devil."

"No," Ajuka replied. "I might not have been able to tell exactly who I was sensing when I examined Harry, but I would know if it were a god. Who do you think made the object the idiot turned into a Horcrux?"

Sirzechs' response made Ajuka's eyebrows race towards his hairline.

*****

"That was weird," Rias commented through their link just after she sent Harry back to the Room of Requirement. "I've never seen my brother fail to destroy anything before."

"All Voldemort knows of it is that the ring's been in his family for centuries," Harry replied. "The symbol on the stone looks weirdly familiar, so do some digging and see what I find. At any rate, I'm sure that the answer will lie in one of these books."

He looked around the omnilibrary, not seeing Dobby at all, though he knew that the excitable elf was somewhere in the vast expanse of it, which seemed to stretch on for miles. He had wanted to thank the little guy for keeping the room available for Rias to send him back to, but he wasn't about to bother him if he was busy. Goodness knew that there was a ton of work to be done after all.

"I told my father that I was looking to expand our library, and he's agreed to have another tower built in the castle for it," Rias said.

"Does he know just how extensive an expansion that's going to be?" Harry asked.

"Not yet, but the tower he has in mind will be a good start," Rias replied. "I already said it, but good luck today."

"Thanks, luv," Harry replied, smiling warmly despite the fact that she couldn't see him. "I've got this."

"I know you do," Rias murmured. "Let me know when it's done."

"Will do," Harry promised. "Bye."

"Bye," Rias sighed before disconnecting.

Harry smiled to himself as he left the room, heading over to the Gryffindor Common Room. It was empty, and he was sure that everyone was already down gathering for the second task. Just how much they'd be able to see of an event happening entirely underwater, he couldn't say, but that was no concern of his. After taking a moment to change into his swim trunks, he threw his robe over it, cast a powerful heating charm on himself, and went down to the lake, finding most of the three schools already there.

As he made his way through the crowd, he noticed that it was actually more extensive than he'd expected, and he was going to make a beeline for the starting area, where he could see Krum and Cedric already waiting, but stopped when he heard something that drew his immediate attention.

"I can't seem to find my little Lunebug either," a rather distracted-sounding man said.

"Seems like most of the school is here, so I have no idea where they could be," a woman added.

He looked over to where the voices seemed to be coming from and spotted a rather tall man with long, thin blonde hair, leading around a couple in muggle clothing who looked vaguely familiar. It took him a moment to recall that he'd seen the pair of them picking up Hermione before from the station. No sooner did he realize that than Xenophilius spotted him, his silvery eyes, which looked so much like his daughter's lighting up as he did so.

"Harry Potter?" he asked, smiling widely as Harry nodded and went over to meet him.

"Hello," Harry said in greeting. "You must be Luna's father. It's a pleasure to meet you."

"The pleasure is all mine," Xenophilius beamed. "Luna's been ecstatic to have found such good friends this year. Speaking of, these are Charlotte and Daniel Granger, young Hermione's parents."

"Yes, hello," Harry smiled. "I'm sorry we haven't met sooner, but my uncle's always so insistent that we get going immediately from the station."

"I feel like we know you already," Charlotte laughed. "Hermione's been talking and writing about you for years."

"You and the other one. What was his name again?" Daniel asked.

"Ron," Harry muttered, his face falling for a moment.

"Right, that was it," Daniel said. Realizing that he'd waded into something best avoided, he changed the subject and asked, "Do you know where Hermione is? We've been having a devil of a time trying to find her and Luna."

"Both of them?" Harry asked, looking around.

Sure enough, he couldn't see them anywhere, and when he spotted a confused-looking Marietta Edgecomb looking around as well, his heart sank. Rias had raised the possibility that the 'thing' taken for this task, which he'd be expected to rescue within an hour of it starting, might be a person, but he'd hoped that the beautiful redhead was wrong. Using their Yule Ball dates would be a simple way to choose someone to keep as a hostage under the lake, and he scowled at the thought.

"I know Luna wouldn't miss watching you compete," Xenophilius commented, sounding a little more worried. "Her last few letters were so excited about it."

"Um, it's possible that the headmaster needed volunteers to help with setting all of this up," Harry lied. "You know what an overachiever Hermione is."

"That does sound like our girl," Charlotte replied, relaxing a little. "So long as we get to see her afterward, I suppose it will be fine."

"Right," Harry muttered, still looking around. "Anyway, it was nice meeting you all, but I must go join the other champions."

"Of course," Daniel smiled. "It's nice to finally put a face to the name."

"If possible, would you mind giving a short interview after the task?" Xenophilius asked. "I would so like to write about the gardening habits of selkies."

"Umm, I'll try to get a look while I'm down there," Harry replied, nonplussed.

"Thank you again for bringing us, Xenophilius," he heard Daniel say as he turned to leave.

"We were lucky to be in the area at just the right time," Charlotte added.

"Oh, it was no trouble," Xenophilius replied. "You said you were in the Highlands for a conference.

"Yes, I've been arguing for years that the UK should add flouride to our drinking water for the sake of our basic oral health and was invited to give a presentation on a paper I wrote some months ago," Daniel replied. "God only knows if I managed to sway any naysayers, but the conference was enjoyable anyway."

"Right, Luna said that you worked with teeth?" Xenophilius asked.

"That's right," Charlotte replied. "We operate a dental practice in Abingdon, just south of Oxford. I've always wondered what magical dental care entails."

"Oh, well, I don't think it's quite as formal or specialized as it seems to be for muggles," Xenophilius replied just as Harry walked out of earshot.

None of them happened to notice the baleful light grey eyes locked onto them as they spoke.

Harry stopped pretending not to be worried the moment his friends' parents were no longer watching him. He continued to look around as he made his way closer to the lake, hoping against hope that he'd spot either of them or Cho to prove that he was wrong. When he spotted Roger Davies, he breathed a sigh of relief, though that relief was short-lived as he soon came upon a positively frantic-looking Fleur.

"Gabby's not 'ere," she fretted the moment she saw him.

"What?" Harry asked.

"Gabrielle, ma soeur, she's not with my parents," Fleur replied. "Mama said that she'd be 'ere and I...I 'ave a terrible feeling about zis."

"You might be right to," Harry muttered, scowling as he looked around at the crowd again. "Luna and Hermione are missing as well."

"Both of them?" Fleur asked, her confusion outweighing her concern for a moment.

"Luna was my date and Hermione was Krum's," Harry explained. "Cho Chang, Cedric's date, seems to be missing as well. Your date's in the crowd, but given how poorly things went with you two...I think they might have looked further afield."

"Oh no," Fleur panicked. "'Arry, she is Veela, and she is only ten years old. Ze very idea of 'er being 'eld under ze lake by merpeople...why would Mama and Papa agree to zis?"

"They might not have been told everything," Harry muttered. When Fleur looked even more worried at that, he took her hands in his and said, "Hey, it's going to be okay. I promised that we would work together, and I meant it. We'll make sure that Luna and Gabrielle are retrieved unharmed, make sure that the others save their hostages, and deal with anything that gets in our way."

"Zank you," Fleur sighed, relaxing visibly. "I would not 'ave zrown my 'at into ze ring 'ere for a moment if I zought it might endanger Gabby. If anything 'appened to 'er, I…"

"Don't think like that," Harry said soothingly. "Like I said, we've got this, and I promise you, no matter what, I'll get your sister out of that lake unharmed."

"My 'ero," Fleur smiled weakly.

"Are our champions ready?" Bagman asked, sounding like an overcaffinated child in his excitement.

Harry and the others all glared at the man, whose smile faded for a moment.

"Let's get this over with," he muttered.

"The people are here for a show, Mr. Potter," Percy said primly, still filling in for his missing boss. "We are expecting them to be given one."

"And what exactly will this show entail for them?" Harry asked, pointing around.

"Hey, that's right!" Cedric exclaimed. "All anyone here will be able to see is the lake while they freeze their arses off sitting around."

"Um, well, that is…" Bagman stammered.

"Not important at the moment," Dumbledore interjected. "It is time to begin, I should think, if you'd like to explain the rules, Ludovic."

"O...of course," Bagman said, forcing a smile. "On the count of three, I'll blow my enchanted whistle, and from that moment, you'll all have one hour to retrieve what's been taken from you. One...two...three!"

With that, he blew his whistle, and numbers appeared in blue and white light above the lake, counting down from sixty minutes.

"So they'll get to see the lake and some blinking numbers," Harry thought to himself. "Riveting."

Cedric and Fleur both cast bubblehead charms, and the Hufflepuff rushed off. Krum, wand in hand, seemed to have a similar idea to his and began to transfigure himself. He wasn't sure what his Bulgarian opponent had in mind at first, but at the first sign of a large grey fin, he got a pretty good idea.

Drawing his own wand, Harry tossed his robe off, ignoring the whistling that he was pretty sure came from the Weasley twins, and quickly transfigured his body to match the transformation he'd experienced when he took gillyweed. This was more complicated and challenging than just swallowing more of the slimy, unpleasant herb, but it was more pleasant, more controlled, and wouldn't run out in an hour. As his webbed feet hit the water, he smiled, realizing that his heating charm was working well, and quickly descended into the depths, casting a lumos charm to light his way.

He caught up with Fleur, who was waiting for him, and cast a spell that he' d managed to work out with Voldemort. The evil prick had been reluctantly intrigued by the mental link Rias had cast on him not long after they met and the two of them managed to work out a similar charm based on the principles of legilimency.

"Can you hear me?" Harry asked.

"'Arry?" Fleur asked, turning to him in surprise.

"Something I came up with," Harry lied. "I figured it would be easier to work together if we could communicate."

"Magnifique," Fleur complimented, sounding genuinely impressed. "Let's get going."

Harry, owing to his more aquatic features, was faster than the Veela, but knew from their earlier exploration that the village wasn't truly that far away and slowed down to let her keep up. The two of them swam deep into the frigid lake, seeing all manner of fish scurry away from them as they went. Most of the things in the lake were relatively harmless, and would avoid them if possible. As he looked ahead, he saw a shark-man in the distance and realized that he was likely what was scaring the creatures around them most.

"Krum will get extra points for 'is transfiguration, but it is not as impressive as yours," Fleur commented.

"He based his idea on an actual animal and had to limit what he did for fear that he'd actually turn himself into a shark and lose control," Harry explained. "I looked to replicate the effects of gillyweed specifically because I knew it did nothing to the mind, and so I didn't have to restrict myself at all."

"You actually look like a merperson," Fleur grinned. "Not ze selkie kind, of course, but ze prettier warm-water ones."

"Some have actually theorized that overuse of gillyweed by the Cult of Poseidon was what created the first merpeople," Harry said. "I don't know if I actually buy that, since it wouldn't explain the existence of selkies and the like, but it was an interesting theory I came across while I was reading up on the plant."

"That's...look out!" Fleur exclaimed as she spotted a number of little creatures swimming towards them rapidly from her right.

Harry turned and saw a horde of grindylows coming their way and swore under his breath. Fleur was already sending stinging hexes and bludgeoning charms to try and scare them off, and Harry quickly followed suit.

Being underwater greatly limited the options one had for magical combat. Fire and lightning were out of the question for obvious reasons, and ice magic could be unpredictable. You couldn't conjure physical objects to blast at an enemy because they'd move more slowly than you were used to, and the last thing you wanted in a fight was to have to adjust on the fly to changes like that. Worst of all was the fact that concussive spells, like the blasting curse, would, owing to the greater density of water compared to air, often cause as much harm to the caster as their target.

With few options to choose from, Harry stuck to the same spells as his partner, peppering the little blighters with stinging hexes and light bludgeoning charms. The ones they hit cried out and swam off, but there seemed to be dozens of them, and the pair of them soon found themselves surrounded. Pressing his back to hers and trying not to let himself realize just how bloody incredible her arse felt, he cast as quickly as he could.

"Zere's so many!" Fleur exclaimed.

"Seems like every grindylow in the lake," Harry grimaced as he stung one right between the eyes. "We just have to beat them back."

His arm began to tire as he worked, and he realized another limiting factor to his casting underwater. Moving about under water was more tiring than moving above ground, and he'd instinctively limited himself to spells with minimal wand movement as it was. Just as he was considering switching to something like cutting curses or piercing hexes, he heard Fleur panic.

"'Arry!" she cried, and his heart started hammering in his chest at her obvious peril.

He hazarded a look behind him and saw that one of the grindylows had managed to poke a hole in her bubble, leaving her unable to breathe. He hissed in pain as he felt one take advantage of his distraction and get close enough to claw his chest, and he shoved his wand in the little monster's face.

"Perfero," he hissed, and he winced as he saw the piercing hex blow right through the creature's skull, sending bits of its brain all around him.

The sudden death of one of them shocked the others just long enough for him to think. He had discarded the idea of using a bubblehead charm for that very reason, but as he felt Fleur slowly losing consciousness through the link between their minds, he realized that he'd need to use something like it. Turning around, he cast piercing hexes at the three nearest grindylows in front of Fleur as he pulled her close. He killed a few more, driving them far enough away that he was able to focus on Fleur just long enough to cast the charm.

The bubble of air formed around her head but didn't stop there, growing larger and larger until it had enveloped the both of them. With him still having gills, he couldn't breathe, but he knew that wouldn't kill him instantly, and for what he had in mind, the two of them could not technically be in the water. The grindylows had watched him work, intrigued by what he was doing, and as they figured it out, they gave him positively demonic grins. Rushing forward, intending to pierce this new, large bubble, they extended their claws towards him, advancing from all angles.

He allowed them to draw close until they were inches from him and Fleur and then he attacked, casting, "Glacia maxima."

The water around them froze instantly, cocooning them in an egg-shaped sculpture that extended out for four feet in every direction. The grindylows around them were trapped in the ice immediately, their shocked, horrified expressions frozen in time. Reaching down, as he felt himself start to fade from lack of breath, he melted a circle of the ice under them and began lifting the massive iceberg above them. Once it was safely away, he exited the bubble that Fleur was still safely held within and swam around, allowing his gills to work again as the icy prison containing dozens of little gremlins continued to zoom towards the surface.

The reason why using ice magic while in water was ill advised was because one couldn't guarantee that you wouldn't accidentally freeze the water around you as well. To get around that, he needed to first create a pocket of air for him and Fleur, which he managed to do with the expanded bubblehead charm.

The overpowered levitation charm continued to raise the giant hunk of ice towards the surface with such force that, once it broke through the surface, it jettisoned up into the air, shooting towards what he dearly hoped was the Forbidden Forest.

"With any luck, my icy missile will land in the center of the acromantulas territory," he thought to himself.

The remaining grindylows fled when they saw so many of their number imprisoned in ice, and, as they were sent flying away, Harry was able to focus on Fleur, who he realized still wasn't speaking.

"Fleur!" he exclaimed, rushing over to her.

His bubblehead charm had forced all the water around them away, and he expected it to force any water from her lungs as well, but as he reached her, he wasn't sure it had worked. He quickly realized that she was breathing, though not strongly, and that she was still unconscious. She was also bleeding from a number of wounds the grindylows had inflicted, something that he noticed only in that moment was true of him as well.

"Fuck," he muttered to himself as he realized what his only course of action was.

He cast a locomotion charm on her swimsuit and directed it to take her to shore, towards the area they'd just come from. He didn't have time to help her himself if he wanted to rescue Luna and Gabrielle as well, and he wasn't nearly as proficient as Madam Pomfrey either. As he watched the beautiful Veela zoom off, he could only hope that the school matron would manage to help her and focus again on the task at hand.

As he swam towards the Merpeople village, he passed through a cloud of Grindylow blood and winced. He didn't know if it was that they weren't human, or if he'd just grown stronger and more stoic about this sort of thing, but he found that he felt nothing at all for having killed so many of them in complete contrast to his experience in Italy. Of course, as he rushed towards the village, able to swim much faster now without Fleur, he realized that it could also be the simple fact that his current task was far too important to worry about such trivial things.

He reached the village swiftly and saw Cedric swimming off with Cho in hand as he did. It looked just as it had the week prior, a small collection of stone dwellings, surrounded by a wall made of rocks. In the center of the village was a stone statue of a merperson with four ropes attached to it. One of the ropes dangled freely with the flowing want, but the others were attached to the remaining hostages.

Hermione, Luna, and a little silver-haired girl who he'd have known was Fleur's sister even if she hadn't told him, all floated there, tied to the posts from their ankles. They were clearly in some sort of magical sleep, breathing calmly thanks to the bubbles around their heads. Krum was already there, trying with little success to bite through the rope attached to Hermione. Harry sliced through it with a wave of his wand, saluting Krum as the shark-man looked at him. He nodded and swam off.

Content that all of his friends would be safe, he sliced through Luna's rope and grabbed onto her. As he was about to aim at Gabrielle's rope, though, one of the merpeople, pointed his spear at Harry's neck.

"Only one," the creature hissed.

Harry glared at the merperson and transfigured his spear into a bright pink pool noodle. He squawked in obvious offense, and some of the others around them laughed, but Harry was far too irritated to find much funny just then. Focusing inward, he flared his aura outward so strongly that no creature or person with the barest hint of magical sensitivity could have missed it. His frustration with the tournament and rage at the mere thought of being prevented from saving Fleur's sister became a part of his very presence, and the merpeople backed away a little, suddenly wary of him.

He didn't want to fight them, both because he doubted that they'd signed up to have their village turned into a warzone for this stupid task and because he couldn't risk Luna and Gabrielle being harmed in the process. As the guards were looking at each other, seemingly wondering what to do next, he took advantage of their distraction and sliced Gabrielle's rope cleanly, close to the statue. Before they could react, he pulled her to him and, untying the rope from Gabrielle's leg, quickly tied it around the three of them to hold the unconscious girls in place before swimming off.

He didn't know if the merpeople were going to pursue him or not and didn't particularly want to find out. Conjuring a large piece of driftwood, he cast a locomotion charm on it to force it to rush towards the surface and held onto it for dear life. The three of them ascended away from the lake floor at great speed, and sooner than he expected, the piece of wood was floating. Vanishing the rope, he pushed first Luna and then Gabrielle forward, and the two of them woke the moment their heads were above water. As he undid his transfigurations on himself, he heard Gabrielle scream.

"It's okay, it's okay," Harry tried to assure her as he poked his head above the water.

"Où suis-je?! Que se passe-t-il?! Où est maman?!" Gabrielle cried, tears running down her cheeks as she looked around in terror.

"I don't think she speaks English," Luna pointed out as she pulled herself up onto his conjured raft. "Shh. It's okay, little one."

She said the words anyway, hoping that her tone would get across what they could not, and reached out to help Gabrielle out of the water. Looking up into the blonde's big silver eyes, she took her hand and climbed on the raft, getting onto it just as Harry managed. The little girl was still asking questions in rapid French as Harry charmed his raft to take him to shore as Luna cast drying charms on them all.

"Non Francais," Harry said, speaking two of the few French words he knew. "Why, oh, why couldn't they have taken Hermione for me? Unlike Luna and I, she actually speaks French."

As they sailed rapidly towards the crowd, Harry heard the distinct sound of a Veela singing over the excitement of the crowd, and Gabrielle whipped around, calming almost instantly as she spotted the source of the song.

"Maman!" she exclaimed, and both Harry and Luna breathed a sigh of relief.

Her mother stopped singing as Gabrielle calmed down, and Harry wondered if the veela had been able to hear Gabrielle freaking out across the water or if she sensed her youngest daughter's fear somehow. The raft reached the shore in under a minute, and Harry chuckled to himself as he realized that he was actually the first one back. Cedric arrived with Cho mere seconds later and laughed at the sight of Harry's raft.

"I'm gonna kick myself for the next week for not thinking of that," he chuckled in good spirits.

"Gabby!" Fleur exclaimed, rushing over to them and pulling her sister into a tight hug.

"I promised I'd get her back safely," Harry smiled.

Fleur looked at him, her blue eyes brimming with tears.

"'Arry, you're bleeding," she whimpered.

"Yes, you should really get those looked at," Luna murmured.

"Eh, I've had worse," Harry shrugged, wincing as he realized that he had a particularly deep cut on his left shoulder.

"'Arry?" Gabrielle asked, looking up at him in confusion. Her eyes locked onto his scar and widened almost comically as she realized who he was. "'Arry Potter?!"

"You saved 'er," Fleur breathed, her blue eyes darkening dramatically as she stared at him.

"I gave you my wo…" Harry went to reply.

She cut him off with a searing hot kiss, pressing her body tightly against his as she plunged her tongue into his mouth. Harry returned the kiss with equal passion, grabbing the back of her head and her arse as he completely forgot where he was for a moment. Her allure went wild, making the air thick with her palpable desire, and just as Harry was about to vanish their clothes and take her right then and there, a voice cut through the fog of their lust.

"Je veux un tour!" Gabrielle whined petulantly, and something about those words startled Fleur out of her lustful trance.

"Huh?" Harry asked, looking around. He noticed almost everyone in the crowd staring at him, the looks on their faces ranging from anger to jealousy to amusement, and he blushed.

"She said that she wanted a turn," Hermione replied, and Harry whipped around, smiling as he saw that she was safe. "Fleur's explaining that she's way too young for that."

Harry looked over and saw Gabrielle had her arms crossed and was glaring up at her sister. He snorted and turned back to Hermione.

"No shark bites?" he asked, earning a scowl from her.

"None," Hermione replied primly, "though you look like the same can't be said for you. You need to see Madam Pomfrey."

"Correct," Pomfrey said as she walked over. "In the medical tent, Potter. I need to clean out those deeper wounds before I heal them."

"I'll point out I was just in the water," Harry remarked, earning a flat stare from the healer. "On my way."

"That was beautiful," Luna smiled, looking at Fleur, who was joined by a couple who could only be her parents.

"A touch public," Hermione muttered.

"Probably only show audience got," Krum chuckled. "Task was poorly design from their point of view."

"I can't argue with that," Hermione said, shaking her head at the stupidity of inviting spectators to watch an event that happened entirely underwater.

Harry emerged from the tent a couple minutes later, wearing robes, and went over to Fleur, who was watching her parents lead Gabrielle away.

"Madam Pomfrey said I should try to get you to put this on now," he said, holding out robes for her. "You were apparently too concerned about Gabrielle to even notice her try to give them to you earlier."

"I failed," Fleur sulked.

"Hey, we knew you were at a serious disadvantage from the start," Harry reasoned as he draped the robe over her shoulders, "and you were doing fine until we were completely swarmed by those little pricks. The bubblehead charm is useful but not without certain downsides."

"Zank you, 'Arry," Fleur sighed, smiling at him. "Gabby seemed to be perfectly fine."

"She freaked out when she came to in the lake, and neither Luna nor I could speak French, so that was unfortunate," Harry replied. "Once she heard your mother, she calmed right down."

"We 'eard 'er scream from 'ere," Fleur shuddered. "Mama realized quickly zat it was just ze rude awakening zat caused it."

Harry was about to say something else when Dumbledore started speaking, clearly using the sonorus charm to enhance his voice.

"And so concludes the second task of the Tri-Wizard Tournament," he called out. "It was even more exciting than anticipated, featuring some spectacular tranfigurations and a flying iceberg, which, Professor Sprout assured me, missed the greenhouses, albeit barely."

Harry winced and looked over at the Herbology professor, grimacing further when he saw her glaring at the lot of them, unsure of who she should blame for nearly destroying her precious greenhouses. In the moment, his sole concern had been getting rid of the grindylows so he could save Fleur, and the only thought he really gave to the icy prison's trajectory was ensuring that it flew far enough that he wouldn't have to worry about it hitting anyone in the crowd. He could only hope that they'd make good fertilizer.

"The scores are as follows," Dumbledore continued, "in fourth place, Fleur Delacour, who, although she didn't finish the task, still earned twenty-five points for a well-cast bubblehead charm. In third place, Viktor Krum, whose partial transfiguration was truly inspired and who finished the task thirty seconds before the timer was done, earning forty points. In second place, Cedric Diggory, who went with the same solution as Miss Delacour and managed to finish the task with one minute left on the clock, earning forty-five points. In first place, Harry Potter, who managed to fully transfigure his body to give himself webbed hands and feet and, it appeared, gills, managed to rescue two hostages instead of one, and who conjured a raft and charmed it to sail the three of them to shore while also saving the life of a fellow champion, earning fifty points."

"Fifty?" Harry asked himself in surprise, not listening as Dumbledore continued.

"That means that Karkaroff gave you a perfect score," Hermione whispered. "Considering how obvious he was in his bias before, that's a significant change."

Harry looked over at the Durmstrang headmaster and wondered if he wasn't trying to suck up to Dumbledore, hoping for protection from Voldemort with this.

"Did you 'ear any of zat?" Fleur asked.

"No, sorry," Harry replied.

"The final task is in late June," Luna explained. "It will be right before the end of the year."

"Remind me again why we couldn't fit Quidditch into this year as well," Cedric grumbled.

"I know, right?" Cho asked as she took his hand and led him away. "It's not like three tasks that take only an hour or three each were that time-consuming."

Harry wondered about that as well, but he was surprised by just how little he'd missed the game this year.

"'Arry, once you've 'ad a chance to shower and change, is there somewhere private where we could...talk?" Fleur asked.

"There's a room on the seventh floor I could show you," Luna piped up before anyone else could, earning sharp looks from him and Hermione.

"Zat would be nice, Luna, zank you," Fleur sighed. "Excuse me, I must speak to my parents."

"Of course," Harry nodded. Once she was gone, he turned to Luna and said, "I don't know if I truly want to show her the room yet."

"So long as you get there first, she only has to know it as a bedroom," Luna replied. "My birthday was on the 13th​ and…"

"Wait, of this month?" Harry asked. "Why didn't you say anything?"

"To be honest, I'm not used to anyone here caring," Luna replied, "and also, I knew that what I wanted wouldn't be available for another eleven days."

"Luna, we really do need to know these things," Hermione sighed. "Happy belated birthday."

"Thank you," Luna beamed. Leaning in close to Harry, she whispered, "I want her, Harry, and the easiest way to have her is for you to get her as addicted to your wonderful penis as the rest of us are. Do it for me, please?"

Harry looked down into her big puppy-dog eyes and resisted the urge to laugh at the absurdity of the request. He looked over at Hermione, who just shrugged and mouthed, 'I wouldn't object.'

"I'll see what I can do," he replied, earning a bright ear-to-ear smile from the eccentric blonde. Pulling her in for a tight hug, he whispered, "Happy birthday, Luna. No matter what happens with Fleur, we are celebrating that."

"Okay," Luna whispered, her eyes shimmering. "I...no, Rias should say it first."

"Huh?" Harry asked.

"Just getting ahead of things," Luna replied mysteriously.

"Luna?" Xenophilius asked, and she turned around, her eyes going wide at the sight of him.

"Daddy!" she exclaimed, rushing over. "I forgot you were coming."

"In all this excitement, I'm not surprised," Xenophilius chuckled.

"Mum, Dad," Hermione said as she spotted them.

"Hello, Hermione," Charlotte said, sounding awkward. "Is...is there somewhere we could talk?"

"I'm sure Professor McGonagall wouldn't object to you showing them Hogsmeade if you asked," Harry suggested, pointing to their approaching head of house.

"Professor McGonagall," Daniel said in greeting as she came close.

"Yes, Mist...Mister Granger?" McGonagall asked, looking surprised. "Oh right, your daughter mentioned that you were both attending the task. It's nice to see you again."

"You as well," Daniel replied. "Hermione was wondering if she could show us the village of Hogsmeade."

"I...suppose it would be alright, provided she's back well before curfew," McGonagall replied.

"Of course, Professor," Hermione smiled. "Thank you."

"Mister Potter, I was hoping to have a word," McGonagall said.

"I was about to shower, Professor," Harry replied.

"I'll walk you back to the tower," McGonagall replied flatly.

"I see," Harry replied. "See you later, Hermione."

"Bye, Harry," Hermione smiled.

"It was nice to finally meet you, Harry," Charlotte added.

"You as well," Harry replied. "Take care."

The three of them left, and Harry was escorted to the Gryffindor tower by a very irate Transfiguration professor, who wanted to make sure that he understood the finer points of the N.E.W.T level transfiguration he'd demonstrated earlier.

*****

"She was like a dog with a bone," Harry groaned as he sat down on the large, comfortable bed he'd had the room make for him and peered into the mirror Sirius had given him. "No offense."

"I can only imagine how livid Minnie would have been if she'd learned back then that your dad and I became animagi without her guidance," Sirius chuckled. "She always has had a great appreciation for how dangerous her chosen specialty can be if buggered up. None taken, by the way."

"How're you and Buckbeak getting settled?" Harry asked.

"Eh, well enough," Sirius sighed. "This place is even more of a nightmare than I recall. It looks like no one's been here for years."

"So the house elf is dead then," Harry scowled.

"No, he's just a prick," Sirius replied. "I haven't mentioned...what we discussed just yet. Once I've gotten the place a little more habitable, I'll invite you over to speak to him."

"That's great!" Harry exclaimed, pleased that he'd, at the very least, manage to find out what happened to the locket. A knock came just then, and he looked over at the door before saying, "I need to go. I'll speak to you tomorrow."

"Company?" Sirius asked, looking intrigued.

"You know how one of my competitors is a girl?" Harry asked, growing instantly amused as Sirius' eyes widened.

"The French Veela?" Sirius asked.

"Gotta run, Sirius," Harry grinned. "Bye."

"Lucky son of a…" Sirius was cut off as Harry ended the call and stashed the mirror in his mokeskin pouch.

He got up and answered the door, finding Fleur and a very excited-looking Luna standing there.

"Have fun!" the shorter blonde exclaimed before taking off.

"She is unusual, zat lover of yours," Fleur laughed lightly as she walked inside. "Oh, zis is lovely."

"A discovery I have Luna to thank for," Harry murmured. "Can I get you something to drink? You said you wanted to talk."

"I did say zat," Fleur replied, turning around and regarding him with hungry eyes, "but it was a lie."

"Oh?" Harry asked coyly. "What did you have in mind then?"

"You are ze most vexing, confusing man I 'ave ever met," Fleur breathed, looking him up and down. "I should say boy, perhaps, but we both know it would not be appropriate."

"Not for some time," Harry murmured. No one who had killed men and fucked, not just women, but devil women into mindless stupors could be called a boy.

"I don't know 'ow you are so powerful or 'ow you became so utterly intoxicating virtually overnight, and I don't care," Fleur continued. "You saved my life tonight and risked yourself further to save my sister."

"According to Professor McGonagall, she wasn't actually in danger," Harry couldn't help but point out.

"So Madame Maxime said, but again, it does not matter," Fleur said, stepping so close that he could smell the faint aroma of her rose-scented perfume. "I owe you, 'Arry, for saving me at least. I can zink of several ways in which I could pay zat 'debt,' zough perhaps you 'ave a few of your own."

Her allure was running wild, and while Harry was generally quite resistant to it, like during their heated kiss by the lake, there was something different about it here. Maybe it was because he was the only one in the room, or maybe it was because it was laced with actual desire on her part.

"Oh, I'm sure I could come up with something," he grinned, his voice deep and his tone teasing.

"Fuck, you smell good," Fleur breathed, her face inches from his, "like ze very essence of masculinity, as well as power and ze others."

"Others?" Harry asked, reaching out to rest a hand on her waist and grinning when she shivered at his touch.

"Your lovers," Fleur replied. "Luna, 'Ermione, and ze other two, ooever zey are."

"You can sense who is sleeping with who as well as their attraction," Harry murmured.

"Plenty of Veela are terrible gossips, as you can imagine," Fleur laughed, "but rest assured, I am not."

"The fact that I'm sleeping with multiple women isn't a deal-breaker?" Harry asked.

"Far from it," Fleur grinned. "Don't forget, 'Arry, zat I can sense everyone's attraction and desire, not just yours. Even if I couldn't, zough, Luna is not exactly subtle."

"She rarely is," Harry chuckled.

"Perhaps I'll join you two some time, but right now, I zere's only one zat I want," Fleur grinned before kissing him.

Just like the first time, Fleur's lust became almost palpable, and Harry's cock, which had grown progressively harder as she spoke, strained against his pants as they started making out. Their tongues dueled for dominance in their mouths, locked in a sensual dance as he walked her to the bed. They fell into it without hesitation, and Fleur quickly flipped them over, grinding her hot cunt on his cock through their clothes.

"I saw and felt enough earlier to know you are very gifted," she purred, "but zis feels even more promising zan I imagined."

Before he could reply, she kissed him again, and he reached down to cup and knead her wonderfully round ass. She was more aggressive and dominant than he was used to. Rias and Hermione were both happy to let him take them as he pleased within reason, while Luna was an outright submissive. Akeno could go either way but seemed to realize early on that he was much more comfortable being on top and was happy to let him indulge her submissive side. Given that her mere presence often reduced men to gibbering idiots, he wasn't surprised that Fleur was used to being on top and wondered how she'd take it when he took control.

"You're wearing far too many clothes," he growled as he broke the kiss for air.

"Do you not like my uniform?" Fleur pouted, sitting up and running her hands along her sides.

Her powder blue robes were thinner and more form-fitting than the bulky things they wore at Hogwarts, and did much to show off her spectacular figure.

"The average grade of the male students at Beauxbatons has to have dropped since you started there," Harry chuckled. "I can't imagine the guy around here paying much attention in class with you around."

"If zey 'ave so little self-control, it is zeir own fault," Fleur giggled. "As for me being overdressed, I am not alone zere."

"Hmm, how rude of me," Harry grinned, drawing his wand.

He waved it over himself, and his clothes quickly disappeared, reappearing folded next to the bed. Fleur's gaze turned positively feral as his muscular body was revealed, and when his cock sprang free from its cloth prison, she let out a low moan that made him throb.

"Mon dieu," she breathed, leaning in to get a better look. "I don't know if I am more impressed by ze size of your cock or ze fact zat little Luna 'as taken it."

Harry chuckled at that and grabbed his cock, raising it up to rest against his abs. Fleur licked her lips and went to reach out to it when Harry held up his hand.

"I think it's your turn," he grinned.

"You are cruel, 'Arry Potter," Fleur pouted, "to reveal something so incredible and make me wait to play with it."

She undressed herself even more quickly than he did, and Harry groaned as her perfect hourglass figure was revealed to him. Her breasts were large and full, sitting high on her chest. Every inch of her was pale, as though she were incapable of tanning, and her dark pink nipples stood in sharp contrast to that. The little nubs looked achingly hard, and he longed to caress them with his lips, tongue, and teeth. Her waist was as slim as Rias' and her hips about as wide, though he had seen enough of her by now to know that. Facing him as she was, he couldn't see her incredible arse, but her long legs and thick thighs were on display, and as she spread them, the sight of her bare mound made his mouth water.

"Now...lie back and shut up," Fleur grinned, pressing a hand against his chest and pushing him back.

She kissed him lightly before moving south, kissing his chest and abs before practically inhaling his cock.

"Holy fuck!" Harry cried as she swallowed him whole in one shot, burying her nose in his wiry pubic hair.

He grabbed her head, burying his fingers in her thick, silver-hold hair as she started bobbing her head up and down. He had had his cock sucked many times through the last few months, usually to help him reharden for another round, but none of those blowjobs held a candle to the magic Fleur was unleashing on him. Her eyes locked onto his and never left, as she did everything in her power to drive him insane. The way she sucked every time she let most of his cock escape her lips made him hiss and everything she did with her tongue, from dancing across the underside of his cock to swirling it around his head, made his eyes nearly cross.

If there was any doubt in his mind that the Veela descended from Succubi, as Rias had said, it vanished in an instant as she did her level best to suck his soul out of his cock.

"Shit! Fuck! Fleur!" Harry moaned.

"Cum, cum, cum, cum!" Fleur thought to herself as she sucked his cock like a woman possessed.

Harry was so powerful, and his magic felt so good to be around normally, but that was nothing compared to what she felt when she reached his cock. His magic made her soul sing, and she wanted to swallow his potent seed more desperately than she'd ever wanted anything in her life. She deepthroated him again and moaned around his length as she pulled back, adoring the look of pleasure on his face. Moving her hand away from her dripping cunt, she cupped his balls, moaning when she felt how large and full they were.

"Fleur, I'm gonna cum," Harry groaned, his voice sounding terribly strained.

Fleur didn't slow down in the slightest, and she gave him a pleading look, wanting nothing more in that moment than for him to cum. With a strangled groan, he let go, and her eyes went wide as she felt the first spurt on her tongue. It was so potent, so wonderfully magical, and tasted so good to her. She swallowed every drop, moaning in delight as she did it, and let him go with an audible pop when she realized that his orgasm had stopped.

"Magnifique," she sighed as Harry collapsed on his back, panting like he'd just run a marathon.

"I think that...should be my line," Harry panted, making her giggle.

"I've never tasted anything so potent," Fleur breathed, grinning widely at him. "What are you?"

"Human, as far as I know," Harry chuckled, furrowing his brow at her in confusion.

"You're so powerful, 'Arry," Fleur beamed.

"Does that really make that much of a difference?" Harry asked, sitting up.

"Part of the reason why Veela can sense the magic of others is that, as we mature, we begin to need the sexual fluids of magical beings to help sustain us," Fleur replied. "Ze more powerful ze wizard or witch, ze more potent ze magic in zeir fluids. Usually it feels like I just 'ad a satisfying meal, but right now, I swear I'm tingling from 'ead to toe."

"You and me both," Harry chuckled. "That was insane, but now it's your turn."

Before Fleur could react to that, he grabbed his wand and levitated her higher up on the bed. As she squeaked in surprise, he conjured ropes, which tied around her arms and held her to the headboard.

"'Arry!" Fleur exclaimed, sounding excited. "You 'ave me at your mercy, my 'ero. Whatever will you do to me?"

"Whatever I want," Harry rumbled, and he grinned as her eyes darkened further with lust.

He kissed her lightly and moved down more slowly than she had, leaving a trail of hot kisses on the slender column of her neck. Fleur pressed herself up against him, pushing her breasts into his chest, and he almost laughed. Taking the hint, he moved to her chest and took a moment to admire her perfect breasts. They weren't quite as large as Rias' or Akeno's, but they were just as impossibly perky for their size, defying gravity in a way that hinted at her demonic heritage. As he grasped the firm mounds, the moan she let out made his cock twitch.

"Mmm, just like that," Fleur sighed as he started peppering her soft flesh with kisses. "Suck on my nipples, 'Arry. Bite zem."

Harry wrapped his lips around one of the hard rosy peaks and sucked gently, keeping his eyes locked on her face. As he switched back and forth between them, teasing them with his tongue and teeth, her jaw dropped and her eyes clenched shut. She moved her legs up, trying to grind her dripping furnace of a pussy against him, and he reached down to hold them in place.

"More!" Fleur cried.

"But you look so good like this," Harry chuckled, his eye roving over her body.

A rosy flush had formed on her pale skin, and she was starting to develop a sheen of sweat, making her glow in the soft light of the room. She glared at him, and the look tempted him to stay right where he was, slowly tormenting her and seeing if he could make her cum from playing with her tits alone, but he decided against it. For one thing, he was hard again and really wanted to move on to the main event, but more than that, he could smell her slick sex, and the scent made his mouth water.

Kissing his way down along the flat, toned expanse of her belly, he paused by her pussy and inhaled deeply, feeling his cock throb painfully. He buried his face between her thighs immediately and gave her fleshy folds a long, slow lick. Fleur gasped in pleasure and strained against the ropes, growling when they held her in place. She didn't ask him to let her go, though, so Harry decided to tease her more.

Keeping her legs pinned in place, he slowly explored her entire mound with the tip of his tongue, sparing her clit only the occasional lick. Fleur cooed and sighed at first, but as this went on past a couple minutes, her moans grew frantic. When he swirled his tongue around her throbbing pearl, she cried out in pleasure only to shriek in frustration when he backed off and pushed his tongue inside her.

If he were anyone else, she might have thought that he was just incompetent, but she knew he held the attention of multiple women, and beyond that, his actions were too deliberate. He was edging her, keeping her pleasure plateaued right at the edge to torment her. Part of her wanted to demand that he stop playing around and make her cum and a pitiful part wanted to beg, but she didn't, wanting to see just what he had in mind and wanting to feel how hard she'd cum when she finally did.

"Fuck, she tastes good," Harry thought to himself a couple minutes later, his eyes closed as he enjoyed feeling her inner walls flutter around his tongue.

He had expected her to demand that he stop teasing her by now, but she hadn't said a word. In fact, the sounds spilling from her lips sounded less and less coherent. He was about to ask her how badly she wanted to cum when he felt something oddly soft against his hands and cheeks and looked down to see something he truly didn't expect. There were soft little white feathers growing out of Fleur's skin, and as he looked up at her, meaning to ask what was going on, his eyes widened further. Her blue eyes had turned black, and she was struggling against the ropes so frantically that he became worried that she was going to hurt herself.

"Fleur?" he asked.

"Cawk!" Fleur screeched, her voice oddly avian.

If he wasn't so concerned by her sudden transformation, he would have laughed at that, but as it was, he could only watch in shock as the feathers forming on her body got thicker. The heat emanating from her sopping sex increased dramatically, and just as he was about to free her, the ropes caught fire and burned to cinders in an instant, leaving her unharmed. Fleur grabbed him and wrestled him onto his back before impaling herself in one smooth motion, letting out a shriek of triumph as she did so.

"Oh, fuck!" Harry cried as her insanely hot, slick depths engulfed him.

She felt almost too hot, and he might have feared her growing hot enough to scald his cock if her pussy wasn't so amazing. He instantly knew that it wouldn't be long before he came again and hoped that he'd be able to satisfy the feral beast he'd teased to her breaking point. She grabbed his shoulders, and he noticed that she'd grown talons as well as they pricked his skin. Holding on tight, she started to ride him violently.

He screams echoed through the room, and he felt her impossibly hot inner walls start to spasm around him almost immediately. Reaching up, he cupped one of her feathery breasts as he snaked a hand down to stroke her clit. Her black eyes widened, and her shrill cries became clearer and almost musical. Her body went taut as she soared towards her peak, and Harry stared into her eyes, searching for some sign of sentience, but there was nothing but inky darkness and all-consuming desire. She slammed herself down onto him a few more times before her orgasm crashed over her like a tidal wave.

With an exultant scream that sounded like phoenix song, Fleur came hard, and Harry joined her almost immediately. Her pussy was incredible enough normally, but the feeling of her insanely hot, vice-tight walls clenching around him, milking his cock hard, was far too much to handle. He filled her to the brim, painting her tight tunnel white with his seed, and Fleur's eyes rolled back as the first spurt struck her womb. She fell forward, and he wrapped his arms around her, holding onto her tightly as the two of them rode out the waves of soul-searing ecstasy together.

"Wha...wha...wha," Fleur tried to ask, as she panted for breath.

"You...okay?" Harry asked as he watched her talons and feathers retract.

"Think...so," Fleur replied.

The two of them held each other tightly, coming down from their highs as each one tried to catch their breath.

"Incroyable," Fleur sighed, grinning from ear-to-ear. When she felt a trickle of liquid hit her cheek, she furrowed her brow in confusion and looked only to gasp as she saw blood. " 'Arry!"

"What?" Harry asked, wincing as he moved his shoulder. Feeling the area, he saw the blood on his finger and remarked, "Oh."

"I'm so sorry," Fleur muttered, grabbing her wand. "Episky."

"It's okay, luv," Harry laughed as he felt the talon marks seal back up. "You're not the first girl to scratch me up as she came."

"Probably ze first to do it as a ravenous beast," Fleur scowled. "I don't know what came over me. Even teasing me as you did should not 'ave triggered ze 'arpy transformation like zat. It is something that only comes out when we are in danger, usually."

"Fleur, I just came so hard I saw stars," Harry sighed. "I'm hardly going to complain after that. Besides, how many guys out there can honestly say they brought out a Veela's inner wild animal in bed?"

Fleur huffed at that but couldn't keep the smile off of her face. Resting her head back on his chest, she whispered, "You are not ze only one oo just saw stars, 'Arry."

Harry grinned at that and ran his fingers through her hair, enjoying the soft sigh she let out in response. As he held her there, feeling her incredible body press against him, he felt his cock start to harden again and heard Fleur gasp.

"Again?" she asked.

"You sound surprised," Harry chuckled. "Has no man ever managed to go twice with you?"

"Zis would be three times and non," Fleur replied. "Usually 'aving a Veela ride 'im to completion is enough to knock a man out cold."

"Well," Harry replied, grinning as he rolled them over and pinned Fleur's arms above her head, "I am no normal man."

"You really...ahh!" Fleur cried as he buried himself to the hilt inside her.

In her normal form, she felt as good as any woman or even devils, but not as madness-inducing as she had before, something Harry was honestly glad for. If he truly wanted to blow her mind, he needed to have more control over himself than he did as he fucked the harpy she'd become. Luna wasn't the only one hoping that this wouldn't be a one-time thing at this point, and as he looked down into Fleur's eyes and saw the look of raw pleasure in them, he doubted that it would be.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: May 29, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Markuz Black, Fridrich, Hikari301 and 422 others
voivode_writer
Nov 26, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 17 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Dec 10, 2024
Add bookmark
#382
"Mon Dieu," Fleur sighed as she woke to the sensation of someone running their fingers through her long silver-gold hair.

Her crystal blue eyes fluttered open, and she saw just what the warm, soft, yet solid pillow she was resting her head on truly was.

"Only mortal, I'm afraid," Harry whispered, making her smile.

She looked up at his handsome face and felt her heart skip a beat. Her sex ached in a way she'd never experienced before, but that was to be expected. No one had ever fucked her like he had before. He was passionate yet undeniably in control of himself, took her roughly enough to make her scream and yet tenderly enough to make her soul sing, and more than anything, he had taken her over and over again for hours. He hadn't been her first, as she craved sex as much as any Veela, and yet she felt like she'd only just learned what it meant to be truly fucked.

"Are you sure?" Fleur asked, pushing herself up to look down at him. "I would 'ave sworn what I experienced last night was divine."

"If that's all it takes for someone to be a god, then surely you're a goddess," Harry rumbled, pulling her in close and peering deeply into his eyes.

He'd taken off his glasses the night before, and as she looked into his uncovered eyes, she swore that they were far too pretty to belong to a man. She kissed him softly, not wanting to subject either of them to morning breath too much and yet needing to express the affection bubbling up inside her.

"Good morning," Harry grinned, running his hands down along her sides to her hips.

"A very good morning," Fleur smiled. "'Arry, last night was incroyable."

"For me too," Harry replied, brushing her mussed-up hair behind her ear.

"Seriously, zough," Fleur continued, "your incredible cock, your endless stamina, and ze way you seemed to learn all zeir was to know of my body so quickly, I can see why you're so popular."

"About that…" Harry went to say.

"You can keep ze others, 'Arry," Fleur said dismissively. "Veela practice monogamy only because society demands it, and usually only in public."

"Oh?" Harry asked.

"Finding someone who can satisfy our needs completely is 'ard at ze best of times," Fleur replied. "Few men are capable at all, and I 'ave never 'eard of anyone exhausting a Veela as you did me before. For my kind, ladies nights are more often zan not orgies where ze pent up women find satisfaction with each other."

"That must be a sight," Harry murmured, feeling his cock throb at the thought of a half-dozen or so blonde beauties fucking each other's brains out.

"Something you might see soon enough," Fleur grinned. "Your lovers are all involved with each other, I know. Oo are ze other two? I 'ave not felt zeir presence in ze school."

"They don't go here," Harry replied.

"I assumed zey were older women living in ze village nearby," Fleur murmured. "It's either zat or you are making a truly impressive mockery of zis castle's defenses."

Harry paused, not entirely sure of what he should say. He knew that if he was going to keep seeing Fleur, he'd have to fess up to her about Rias and Akeno eventually, but he still didn't know just how she'd react, and he wasn't sure how to even broach the subject to find out.

"I'll speak to them later about introducing you," he said after a moment.

"Okay," Fleur replied, furrowing her brow in confusion.

She relaxed after a moment, figuring that whatever the reason for his reluctance to name his mystery lovers, he'd tell her eventually.

"We should probably shower and head down to breakfast," Harry murmured, willing a door along the wall of the bedroom to lead to a proper shower.

"I didn't notice zat door last night," Fleur commented, and Harry froze, berating himself silently for not remembering that they hadn't told her about the room. "Eh, I was preoccupied, no? As for breakfast, I zink I could start zat right now."

"What do...oh fuck," Harry groaned as she lowered her head down and swallowed his entire shaft in one motion.

*****

Luna squeaked as she saw Harry, her silver eyes beaming with joy at him as he sat down.

"How was it?" she asked excitedly.

"Incredible and not something I'm discussing in the great hall," Harry murmured.

"Oh, that's okay," Luna shrugged. "She does want more though, right? Silly question, who wouldn't? Thank you."

Harry laughed at his friend and lover's antics and kissed the crown of her head, wrapping an arm around her shoulders. He looked across the table at Hermione and grew concerned at how distracted she looked.

"Hermione, you okay?" he asked, shocking her out of her reverie.

"Hmm?" Hermione asked. "Oh, sorry. Good morning."

"I didn't see you at dinner last night," Luna murmured. "If I wasn't so focused on waiting for Harry to show up, I'd have asked earlier if you were fine."

Fleur walked in then, and Luna caught her eye. The other blonde winked at her before sitting with the other Beauxbatons students and Luna smiled widely.

"I grabbed something to eat from the kitchens and turned in for an early night," Hermione replied. Looking at Harry, she added, "That's clearly something you didn't have."

"No, my night was anything but early," Harry chuckled, pouring himself a cup of tea. "How did things go with your parents?"

"It was...not what I was expecting," Hermione replied.

"What were you expecting?" Luna asked.

"My parents came to Hogwarts to speak to me," Hermione replied, casting a silencing charm around their little corner of the table. "To my mind, that could only mean bad news. Instead, it was...different."

*****

"Butterbeer?" Charlotte asked as she looked at the menu.

"Yes, it's a favorite around here," Hermione replied. "It's…"

"Oh, I know what it is," Charlotte replied. "I had a friend years ago who was really into historic recipes and the like. This was very popular in the Tudor period around here. I just never thought I'd see it on a pub menu."

"Sort of liked mulled wine but with beer and butter?" Daniel asked.

"Something like that," Charlotte replied.

"Have you decided what you'd like?" Rosmerta asked.

"Butterbeer will be lovely," Charlotte replied.

"Make that two," Daniel replied, smiling.

Hermione nodded to Rosmerta, and she said, "Three butterbeers coming up."

"I guess they cook off the alcohol?" Charlotte asked.

"I don't think whatever they use to make it has much to begin with," Hermione replied. "Now, how exactly is this going to work?"

"Sorry?" Daniel asked.

"Will I be spending July with one of you and August with the other?" Hermione asked after casting a silencing charm around their booth. "I suppose going back and forth each week would work too."

"Hermione, what are you talking about?" Charlotte asked.

"You came all the way for a reason," Hermione replied. "I have no living grandparents, and you're both only children, so it isn't a death in the family. I'm not close enough to any of your friends for it to be worth coming out here to tell me if one of them died, and all my friends are here. Excluding that sort of bad news, the most likely answer is divorce, though the lack of a ring on Dad's finger could have given that away."

"Observant as ever, Hermione," Daniel said, "but you're wrong nonetheless. I have a patch of dry skin on the underside of my ring finger, and getting the ring past it without tearing it open has been difficult."

"Oh," Hermione murmured, flushing slightly. "Then why did…"

"Here you are," Rosmerta smiled, placing their drinks in front of them. "Enjoy."

"Thank you," Charlotte said. As the pub's owner left, she turned to her daughter and sighed. "The truth is that you were very nearly right."

"Your mother and I have been growing apart for some time, and when we discussed the state of our marriage a few months back, divorce was a possibility that was raised," Daniel explained.

"I didn't want to do that while you were still in school, though," Charlotte added, "and I suggested that we try couples' counseling. Oh, this is fantastic."

"It really is," Daniel added, setting his butterbeer down.

"You agreed to go to therapy?" Hermione asked incredulously, well aware of how little faith her father had in the concept generally.

"Not at first," Daniel replied, "but I was talked into it eventually, and I'm glad."

"Doctor Clarke has helped the both of us realize a few things about ourselves," Charlotte continued.

"She helped me, for one, to realize that a few things I'd taken for granted as normal really weren't," Daniel added. "We haven't really been the greatest parents to you, Hermione."

"I've turned out alright," Hermione replied, swallowing thickly.

She was a witch who was embracing a life of orgiastic hedonism, but she got good grades at least.

"Hermione, your father and I, we…" Charlotte trailed off.

"We're not the warmest, most affectionate people on Earth," Daniel finished for her, looking awkward. "It's how we were raised, really. Your grandparents, my parents and hers all had a very specific idea of what appropriate familial affection looked like."

"My parents decided from the moment I was born that I was going to follow them both into the medical field, and they were furiously disappointed when I chose dentistry," Charlotte scowled. "I hated the unyielding expectation and swore that I wouldn't do that to you. That's part of why I was so happy to accept your magical education when we realized that that was a possibility, but while I didn't, and my parenting differed in that regard; it didn't in any other, really."

"Part of what first drew me to your mother was that she was the first woman I ever met who wasn't entirely caught up in emotional nonsense that I couldn't really understand," Daniel added, smiling wearily at his wife. "We really are a lot alike and have been able to understand each other since our early days at Uni in large part because we had very similar upbringings. I didn't have the pressure to go into medicine, but there were other pressures. Your granny's first love was the Anglican Church, and I don't think a day went by in all her life where she didn't mention God or Jesus. She'd have been far happier with me if I'd become a vicar instead."

"Having a witch for a daughter would have been awkward then," Hermione muttered, making him snort.

"All of this is to say that we know we're not particularly warm people and that we've been almost neglectful at times," Charlotte said, her eyes filled with unusual emotion.

"I'll admit that I have honestly wondered if you really wanted to have a kid more than once," Hermione muttered, not wanting to hurt them but unable to keep that in.

Charlotte choked, her eyes growing misty.

"Of course we wanted you, Hermione," Daniel declared, reaching out to place his hand on her arm.

"We love you," Charlotte whispered, not trusting her voice for the lump in her throat. "We're just really, really bad at showing it."

"When Doctor Clarke helped us see just how cold and unfeeling we had been towards each other all these years and helped us figure out why, we realized that we would have extended that to you as well," Daniel sighed. "This isn't to say that we're all warm and fuzzy now, and being emotional still feels odd, but we are both working on it."

"We're so sorry if we've made you feel unwanted or unloved," Charlotte whispered, and Hermione's last efforts to keep herself from crying failed.

Charlotte moved to her side of the booth and wrapped an arm around her.

*****

"Wow," Harry muttered. "I had no idea."

"Neither one of us talks about home much," Hermione pointed out, blinking rapidly to dry her eyes.

"Come here," Luna all-but commanded, scooting over to make room for her.

Hermione walked around the table, something made easier by the fact that they were seated near the end of it, and squeezed in between Harry and Luna, who quickly hugged her.

"So, how surreal was that conversation?" Harry asked, knowing full well how bizarre it would be if his aunt and uncle transformed into well-adjusted people suddenly.

Her situation wasn't as bad as his had been from the sound of it, but he could relate nonetheless.

"Felt like I was in a dream, honestly," Hermione admitted, "one I hadn't had in years. My parents had always been cold and distant, and I had just come to accept that that would be the case forever."

"I can't imagine," Luna murmured. "Daddy's always been so caring with me, especially since Mummy died."

"Out of all of us, you actually have the most normal home life," Harry remarked. When Luna looked at him questioningly, he said, "Let's just say that my relatives and I don't get along."

"Well, we'll just have to build a family together," Luna declared, stretching to try and hug them both together.

"So how much do you really trust this?" Harry asked, knowing how suspicious he'd be in her shoes.

"Oh, they are absolutely sincere," Hermione replied. "How much they'll actually manage to change is to be determined. They want us to take a vacation together this summer with no motives other than just spending time together."

"That sounds great," Luna smiled. "Oh, you go could to Japan! Kuoh sounds really nice and scenic from how Rias has described it."

"I might suggest it," Hermione chuckled. "So how did things go with Fleur?"

"She already wants to meet my mystery lovers," Harry replied. "Veela can sense both attraction and who's slept with who, so she knows about you two as well as Rias and Akeno, though since she's never met them, she just knows that I'm sleeping with two other women."

"Lavender would commit unspeakable acts for that ability," Hermione muttered, looking over at her bubbly, gossip-loving dormmate, who winked at her.

"Oh, so she knows how much I want her then," Luna beamed, looking over at the Veela in question. "What are you planning?"

"I think the four of us could hang out later," Harry replied. When Hermione snorted, he added, "Like in the Three Broomsticks. I've been getting to know her, and I don't want to think that she'd react poorly to learning about the others, but I can't say for sure, and I'd like to get a second and third opinion. I'm not terribly good at subterfuge."

"And I am?" Hermione asked. "The last brilliant idea I came up with to get information out of someone put me in the hospital wing."

"What happened?" Luna asked.

"We thought Malfoy was behind the chamber incidents a couple years ago and used polyjuice to sneak into the Slytherin Common Room," Harry replied. "Ron and I turned into Crabbe and Goyle, but when Hermione took hair from Milicent Bulstrode's robes, it turned out to be from her cat. She grew fur, ears, and a tail and had to get Madam Pomfrey to fix her."

"You were a cat girl?!" Luna exclaimed. "Did you take pictures?"

"What? No!" Hermione exclaimed. "It was the most mortifying thing I've ever experienced. I had hair everywhere. Everywhere."

"Aww, but I bet you were so cute," Luna pouted, earning a scowl from Hermione and a laugh from Harry.

*****

"This is the address," Harry murmured as they looked upon the unassuming townhouse in Islington.

"At least it's better than that dilapidated shack," Rias muttered.

"It's owned by the Blacks and has been uninhabited for years," Harry pointed out. "Even with the time Sirius has had to work on it, don't expect much."

He knocked on the door and heard the sound of someone rushing towards it. Sirius opened the door a little later, looking slightly better than he had the last time he'd seen him.

"Hello, Ha…" Sirius trailed off as he caught sight of Rias and just blinked at her.

She was wearing her school uniform and looked sexy as all hell, fittingly enough, but his godfather's reaction was still over the top, and Harry refused to let it go without comment.

"Sorry, luv, but I don't think he's seen a live woman in over a decade," he chuckled, breaking Sirius out of his trance.

"My apologies; I was just a little surprised," Sirius said smoothly. Extending his hand, he added, "Sirius Black, Lord of the Inbred and Most Batshit House of Black."

Rias laughed at the and shook his hand, saying, "Rias Gremory. Your godson's told me so much about you."

"All lies, I swear, unless they were good things," Sirius chuckled. "I'd say 'please come in,' but you probably don't want to."

"Still a wreck?" Harry asked.

"It's been completely neglected for years," Sirius grumbled, "and it was a dismal place before that."

He led them in, and Harry's first thought was that his godfather might have been understating the state of the place. It was filthy, quite obviously neglected, and not something that he would have considered habitable if Sirius had better options. He could see spots where Sirius had done some cleaning, but there was still a ton of work to do.

"A house elf let a place get this bad?" Harry asked in complete disbelief.

"The little prick had better things to do than look after this place," Sirius replied, "like listening to my mother rant and rave without end."

"Your mother?" Harry asked, confused.

"Just who have you brought to befoul this noble house now?" an unpleasant, grating voice asked.

"What in the...oh," Rias went to ask as she looked at the source of the noise.

A moving portrait hung in the main hallway, looking out at everyone who entered the townhouse. The woman in it looked old, with grey hair and deep lines in her scowling face, but something about her made her appear as though she'd aged before her time, as though the anger she exuded with her every breath had taken its toll.

"Hmm, you hold yourself the dignity of a pureblood, at least," the haggard woman said as she looked at Rias. "Tell me, girl, are you from one of the old families?"

"Far older than yours," Rias replied, earning a scowl from the woman. Turning to Sirius, she asked, "I take it this is mommy dearest?"

"In the paint," Sirius sighed. "This is my mother, Walburga Black. Let me assure you, the blood in her veins wasn't any warmer in life than it is here."

"Clearly I was wrong if you are so ill-mannered," Walburga spat at Rias. "Turning to Harry, she asked, "And who is this?"

"Harry Potter," Sirius replied before he could. "Dorea's grandson and my heir. Oh, and he's a halfblood."

Walburga's face turned a shade purple worthy of Vernon before she launched into a diatribe about blood, filth, and disappointments.

"Lucifer's light, why do you keep her here?" Rias asked.

"Can't bloody take her down," Sirius replied. "She's got a permanent sticking charm on her portrait that I doubt even Dumbledore could unravel. I've been thinking about building a brick wall around her."

"Could you destroy the charm?" Harry asked. "Or, failing that…"

"Gladly," Rias replied, turning to the still screaming portrait.

"...and dug your innards out with a spoon to feed to the dogs…" Walburga shouted, only to freeze as Rias' wings sprung from her back. "A devil?"

"No!" a new, high-pitched voice screamed. "Kreacher will not let you harm the mistress!"

An old-looking house elf appeared and stared up at Rias with manic hatred in his eyes, his arms spread wide as he prepared to fight her.

"Yes, you will," Sirius practically sang. "As your lord, I command you."

Kreacher screamed in frustration.

"Wait!" Walburga exclaimed, calming almost instantly. "Perhaps I truly did misjudge you, Sirius. Communing with devils is something that few even among our family has dared since the practice was banned."

"Harry's the communer here," Sirius said.

"There," Rias smiled as the sticking charm was destroyed by her power.

The large portrait only slipped a little, landing with a thud. Walburga looked around frantically, suddenly fearful that she was vulnerable.

"Kreacher, move her to wherever you stay," Harry ordered.

"I don't take orders from you," Kreacher growled.

"Yes, you do," Sirius replied less cheerfully. "He's my heir, and you will obey him."

With a huff, Kreacher grabbed Walburga's portrait and disappeared, all while the woman tried to beg them to reconsider.

"Why the elf quarters?" Sirius asked. "I'd have settled for the bottom of the Thames."

"He's clearly fond of her, and I'd rather have him on my side than not," Harry replied. "If him needing to obey your orders was all it took to get good work out of him, this place would be in better shape."

"Yes, well, he can't outright disobey me, but he can drag his feet pretty spectacularly," Sirius replied.

Harry shook his head, wishing that he could offer Dobby's services to help with the place, but the excitable elf was spending every moment he could, when the Room of Requirement was free, copying the texts from the omnilibrary.

"Ah!" Rias hissed, reaching behind her and ripping away a little blue-skinned fairy with purple wings and eight limbs.

"Oh, damn, did it bite you?" Sirius asked, drawing his wand. "Sorry about that; this place is still infested with doxies."

"Not for long it won't be," Rias muttered, blasting the pixie with the Power of Destruction.

She flew off then, seemingly decided to exterminate the little pests herself.

"I guess she'll be busy for at least a moment, so we can take care of some rather pressing business," Sirius said, looking oddly serious.

"What business?" Harry asked.

"High five," Sirius replied, holding up his hand.

"Are you se…" Harry cut himself off before he could finish, much to the disappointment of his otherwise amused-looking godfather.

"Yes, I am," Sirius replied with a grin. "Merlin's wrinkly sack, I thought James got lucky."

"Well, I can't argue with you there," Harry said, shaking his head as he high-fived the older man.

"So what is it that you needed, exactly?" Sirius asked.

"I need to find something that looks like this," Harry replied, pulling the replica locket from his mokeskin pouch. "Kreacher will hopefully be able to tell me more about it."

"Okay," Sirius shrugged. "Kreacher!"

"What is...ahh!" Kreacher cried as he spotted the locket in Harry's hand. "Where did you get that?"

"The cave," Harry replied, and the blood drained from the elf's face in an instant. "What happened to the real one, Kreacher?"

"Answer him honestly," Sirius added.

"Kreacher tried to destroy it," Kreacher wept, looking miserable, "but nothing worked. Not fire, not hammers, not…"

"It's still here, then?" Harry asked.

"Yes," Kreacher replied.

"Regulus ordered you to destroy it, but these things are very difficult to damage," Harry murmured.

"Diffi...you can destroy it?" Kreacher asked, his big, angry eyes filling with hope. "Tell Kreacher how!"

"I can bring it to someone who can destroy it," Harry replied, raising his hands and trying to calm the ornery creature. "Bring it to me."

"It is here," Kreacher muttered, holding out his hand and summoning the locket from where he'd stored it in the sitting room.

"It does look just like the replica," Sirius commented as it landed by their feet. Leaning down, he reached for it and asked, "What is it?"

"Don't touch it!" Harry snarled, pulling him back. "That thing is more dangerous than it looks."

"Stupid master," Kreacher mumbled under his breath.

"Harry, what the hell is it?" Sirius asked.

"It's a locket, which was made, or at least owned, by Salazar Slytherin in the eleventh century." Harry replied. "Decades ago, Voldemort stored a piece of his very soul inside it."

"A piece of his…" Sirius trailed off.

"That's how he came back," Harry explained. "It's why he cannot die. As long as it and the others…"

"There are others?" Kreacher asked, horrified.

"Not many at this point," Harry replied. "Most of them have been destroyed, and with this one secured, only one remains out of my grasp. Soon enough, they'll be gone, and so will he."

"Thank you," Kreacher said solemnly, bowing his head. "For so long, Kreacher tried and failed to find a way to fulfill Master Regulus' last request."

"If you want to thank me, fix this place up properly," Harry ordered softly.

"Kreacher will," Kreacher replied before disappearing.

Before their eyes, the grime around them slowly disappeared as the little elf got to work.

"He could have worked that quickly?" Sirius grumbled as he looked around.

"I think you two just rubbed each other the wrong way," Harry chuckled.

"No, he hated me because Mother did," Sirius replied. "You got into his good books by appealing to Reg; the only one he ever liked more than the mad cow."

"The doxies are gone," Rias announced as she returned, looking slightly tired but happy with herself. "Oh, is that the real one?"

"Yes," Harry replied. "He didn't manage to destroy it."

"Good," Rias sighed, picking it up.

"Good?" Sirius asked.

Rias and Harry shared a look, and he sighed.

"There's something you need to know about the horcruxes," Harry replied. "That's what the soul containers are called, by the way."

"Why does this sound like something I'm not going to like?" Sirius asked.

"I'll pop this over to Sirzechs and come back when I'm done," Rias said.

"Thanks," Harry smiled, kissing her goodbye before watching her disappear in a crimson magic circle. Turning to Sirius, he added, "So about the night my parents died…"

*****

"You've lived with a piece of that monster's soul in your head for…" Sirius went to say, seated and looking stunned.

"Since I was a year old," Harry sighed.

"And Dumbledore hasn't…" Sirius went to ask.

"Dumbledore's brilliant, but the beings I'm in contact with now are older and more capable," Harry cut him off. "Sirzechs is Rias' older brother, and he does the thing that she did to the sticking charm, but on a whole different level."

"He's that powerful?" Sirius asked.

"He's pretty much the king of the underworld," Harry replied.

"King of the...wait, you're dating the devil's little sister?!" Sirius exclaimed.

"Not the devil," Harry replied. "He died, but I am dating his successor's little sister, yes, or at least I will be after today."

"Huh?" Sirius asked.

"With all the craziness going on and the fact that I can't really be seen with her in Hogsmeade without people asking questions, I haven't actually gone on a date with her yet," Harry replied. "It's part of why I'm dressed as nicely as I am."

"Hold on," Sirius said. "You're telling me that you've been sleeping with her for months now without taking her on a single date?"

"Yes," Harry replied.

"I guess the universe owed you," Sirius chuckled. "Where are you taking her?"

"There's a pub nearby that looks really nice," Harry replied. "I'll think bigger once I can focus on more than just the madness of life."

"Are you really okay?" Sirius asked. "I mean, that thing in your head…"

"It hasn't hurt me in all these years, and now it can't," Harry replied. "One of the most powerful devils in the underworld enslaved the soul shard to me. I can actually order him to answer questions and teach me things now."

"You have all his knowledge at your disposal," Sirius breathed, his eyes going wide with shock.

"Yep," Harry replied. "That's how I've been able to track down the other ones."

"Harry, I hope you're being careful with what you learn from him," Sirius replied.

"I'm not going to start using anything particularly dark or dangerous," Harry replied, "but though he's a complete lunatic and a monster, the man is brilliant and the breadth of his magical knowledge is unreal. I plan to pick his crazy brain clean before having him destroyed."

"So long as you're careful," Sirius sighed. "I've seen what using dark magic can do to people."

"So has he," Harry replied. "He sees that sort of corruption as a good thing, but he can still warn me about it if ordered to do so."

"So what kind of things have you learned so far?" Harry asked.

"I could pass my O.W.Ls with ease," Harry replied, "and would likely do well enough on my defense N.E.W.T. if I had to take it. I've also learned one thing that's going to come in handy for the date."

"Oh?" Sirius asked.

Before Harry could reply, a knock came to the door, and as Kreacher answered it, Rias wandered back in.

"My brother was busy, but I left the horcrux with him," she announced. "That's nearly all of them."

"Only my scar and his snake, if the Horcrux is right about what he'd most likely do next," Harry thought to himself. Turning to Sirius, he said, "It should go without saying, but none of what we've discussed can reach anyone else, not even Remus."

"I'm not exactly a social butterfly these days," Sirius replied dryly. "You can trust me to keep my mouth shut, though."

"Dumbledore agreed that finding the rat would be a good idea for multiple reasons," Harry assured him. "The second we have a lead on him…"

"If you go after Peter, just recall that, though he's a coward, that doesn't mean he isn't dangerous," Sirius warned him, "and you don't have to worry about me now. I can stay here safely enough."

"Right," Harry replied. "I'll be back in a few days to cast the Fidelius charm, once I've gotten more information out of Voldemort."

"I still can't believe you have a piece of his soul enslaved to you," Sirius chuckled. "That will give you one hell of an advantage over him."

"And it's not the only one," Rias murmured, resting her head on Harry's shoulder. "Do you want to stay a while or should I send you back to Hogwarts?"

"Actually, I was thinking we could take a walk," Harry replied. "Take care, Sirius."

"Stay safe, you two," Sirius replied, "and it was nice meeting you, Rias."

"It was a pleasure," Rias smiled.

Harry took her hand and led her away, leaving a thoroughly impressed, if slightly disturbed godfather in his wake.

The two of them walked out onto the street, and Harry led her along the path they'd taken from the alleyway she teleported them into when they first arrived.

"I must say, though that place was gross, this area is beautiful," Rias commented.

"It's one of the nicer parts of London, or so I've heard," Harry murmured.

"Certainly nice enough for a romantic stroll," Rias smiled.

"You said you were free for the rest of the day, right?" Harry asked.

"Yes," Rias replied, "which is why I was hoping that we could return to the Room and kick Dobby out for a couple hours."

"Actually, I've been thinking about it, and we probably don't need to kick him out," Harry remarked. "I could have the room create a bedroom for us in the middle of the library, completely closed off from the rest of it."

"That would be convenient," Rias agreed. "You're sure he doesn't want more breaks?"

"I offered, and he turned me down," Harry replied. "Elves work obsessively."

"I know a couple devils tried to bring them to the Underworld, but they didn't fare well for some reason," Rias murmured.

"Did they die?" Harry asked.

"Something like that," Rias replied. "I read about it ages ago and would need to find the book again."

"Well, we know we own it," Harry grinned. They reached the pub he'd spotted before just then, and he stopped. "You know, it's close to supper time."

"I know and…" Rias trailed off, looking at the building in front of them and back at Harry.

"We've kind of done this arse backwards, I know, but Rias, would you like to have dinner with me?" Harry asked.

"Kind of putting me on the spot here," Rias laughed lightly. "I'd love to."

The two of them went inside, with Rias taking a moment to make her outfit appear less like a school uniform before they did under her coat.

"Welcome to the Red Lion," the greeter said, smiling as she spotted them. "Table for two?"

"Yes, please," Harry replied.

They were led to their table, and, after helping Rias with her coat, Harry sat down, feeling a touch of nervousness set in. He took a deep breath as subtly as he could and smiled at his beautiful date. A waitress made her way to them quickly enough and handed them their menus.

"Hello, I'm Gwen, and I'll be your server for this evening," she smiled. "What can I get you?"

"Could we see the drink menu?" Rias asked.

"I'm afraid I'm going to need to see I.D.," Gwen replied, looking skeptically at them.

Before Harry could reply, Rias handed her a couple pieces of blank paper and said, "Here you go."

Gwen stared down at them for a moment, her eyes glazing over before returning to normal as she said, "Right then. I'll be right back."

"Nice," Harry murmured.

"Not my first time using the trick," Rias chuckled. "Akeno and I snuck into a sake bar a couple years ago to try it out. We overdid it and ended up being dragged back to the Underworld by my father's bishop, Heinrich. He was not pleased with us."

"I doubt there will be any sake on this menu," Harry commented.

"Alas," Rias replied. "Any idea what you're having?"

"The fish and chips sounds nice," Harry replied. "I haven't had haddock in ages. You?"

"I don't think I've ever had English fish and chips, so why not?" Rias smiled.

"Here you are," Gwen said as she handed them their bar menus.

"Hmm," Rias murmured as she looked it over. "My go-to beer the odd time I bother is Sapporo. Is there anything on here really blonde?"

"Tennents is nice," Gwen replied.

"I'll try that," Rias murmured.

"Guinness for me," Harry said, handing her back the menus, "and we'll both have the haddock and chips."

"Coming up," Gwen smiled as she gathered the menus and left.

"So how are things in Kuoh?" Harry asked once she was gone.

"Great," Rias replied. "I'm going to be bringing Kiba in soon."

"Really?" Harry asked. "That's great. I take it he's doing better?"

"Much," Rias replied. "He has a long way to go, of course, but he's made a remarkable amount of progress compared to how he was at first. I'm looking forward to introducing you two."

"It'll be nice to meet him properly," Harry murmured.

"I've told him a little about you and Akeno," Rias smiled, "specifically that you were there that night."

"Truth be told, I'm surprised he's doing well at all so soon," Harry scowled. "I've been through some truly dreadful things in my day, but what happened to him…"

"He's strong," Rias said. "Most would have broken after what he suffered, but I sensed an inner strength in him that day that made me think he'd pull through this. He's going to be a phenomenal asset for my team and a right terror for his enemies in time."

"Here you are," Gwen said, delivering their beers.

"Thank you," Harry and Rias said in unison, making them look at each other and grin.

"Your meals should be here soon," Gwen chuckled. "Let me know if you need anything else."

"We will, thank you," Rias replied.

Once Gwen was out of earshot, she tried the beer and said, "Mmm, not bad."

"Mine isn't either," Harry sighed. "I think I prefer wine, but this is traditional for this kind of meal, so I figured I should try it at least once."

"I must admit I'm not entirely sure how we should handle this first date of ours," Rias murmured. "It's not like we haven't already gotten to know each other pretty well."

"I'm sure there's plenty we don't know yet," Harry replied. "For instance, why Japan?"

"Hmm?" Rias asked.

"You look distinctly European, and so, although your powers help, I'm sure, you would look like a foreigner there, so why did you choose to go to Japan specifically?" Harry asked.

"I love it," Rias replied, smiling widely. "To be honest, I've been obsessed with the country and its culture for years. Souji Okita, my brother's knight, taught me all about it when I was a kid, and I've been hooked ever since."

"He's the one you mentioned getting to help with Kiba, right?" Harry asked.

"Mmhmm," Rias replied. "He was a very prominent samurai during the late shogunate period."

"How did he and your brother meet?" Harry asked, sipping his beer.

"He contracted tuberculosis and searched frantically for a cure," Rias replied. "One of the rituals he tried to use to help himself beat the disease summoned Sirzechs, who took an instant liking to him. Sirzechs helped him and kept in contact with him for the next few years, impressed by his immense skill with the blade and the potential he saw in him. When Souji died in battle in the late 1860s, he revived him."

"Is that why you thought he'd be a good fit for helping Kiba get past his own violent past?" Harry asked.

"In part," Rias replied. She was about to say more when Gwen arrived with their food.

"Here we are," Gwen murmured, placing their meals in front of them. "Made it easy by ordering the same thing."

"This smells delicious," Harry breathed.

"I hope you enjoy it," Gwen smiled. "If you need anything else, just let me know."

"Thank you," Rias said as Harry smiled at their waitress. Cutting into the fried fish, she tried a little and sighed, saying, "Oh, this is great."

"Comfort food at its finest," Harry replied. "You said his history was part of the reason why you sought Souji's help with Kiba. What the rest of it?"

"He's an incredibly skilled and capable warrior," Rias gushed, "and one of the finest teachers I've ever met. Sirzechs was proven right about his potential, as it turned out. Despite being entirely human and possessing no sacred gear, he required both of my brother's knight pieces to turn."

She had lowered her voice substantially as they got into that, and Harry leaned in as he whispered, "How uncommon is that? Someone requiring multiple pieces to be turned, I mean."

"It's relatively common when it comes to pawns, but requiring multiple more powerful pieces is quite rare, especially for someone who doesn't have a sacred gear," Rias replied.

"You can't mix and match pieces either, I take it?" Harry asked.

"No," Rias replied. "An evil piece determines a number of things about how a transformed devil will develop and act on the battlefield, and you can't use, say, a bishop and a knight if you have someone who requires more than either and you've already used one of each."

"Right," Harry murmured. "So Souji was the one who sparked your love of Japan."

"I really can't wait to show you around Kuoh," Rias smiled. "My academy might lack the majesty of your school, but the town has such charm."

"Where's your favorite place in Japan?" Harry asked.

"Kyoto," Rias replied. "I don't think there's a more beautiful place on Earth."

"Second date ideas," Harry mused, making her laugh.

"How about we work our way up to that?" Rias grinned. "Before we met, what did you want to do when you graduated?"

"I honestly hadn't given it much thought," Harry replied. "I thought about becoming an auror, our equivalent of the bobbies, but…"

"Bobbies?" Rias asked.

"Oh, uh, police," Harry chuckled. "The bloke who founded the first police force in England was named Robert, so…"

"Ah," Rias replied. "What made you consider police work?"

"I'm good at defense," Harry replied, "and that's about as much thought as I had given it."

"You've certainly improved a great deal since we met," Rias complimented.

"I have yet to come close to beating you or Akeno," Harry pointed out.

"When we first started sparing, you couldn't land a hit on either of us," Rias chuckled. "Now you can keep up, which is highly impressive all things considered."

He wasn't entirely sure of that. While his progress over the past few months had been incredible, the more he improved, while still knowing that he wasn't nearly at Voldemort's level, the more he began to wonder if Rias' assessment of how wizards compared to devils wasn't at least a little skewed. She still outclassed him, but she was also the little sister of the most powerful devil in the underworld.

"So how was your first taste of English pub food?" Harry asked.

"Better than I imagined," Rias replied. "I will have to take you to a restaurant in Japan some time."

"Maybe that can be our next date," Harry smiled as he polished off his chips. "Do you want another round, or should we go?"

"I'm ready to go," Rias replied. "The night is young, and I still have plenty of plans for you, Harry."

"Oh?" Harry asked, his low and rumbling as he stared into her beautiful blue eyes.

"I'm sure you can imagine," Rias grinned.

"Hmm, let's see," Harry teased, leaning in to whisper in her ear. "Do any of those plans involve me using your thighs as ear muffs?"

Rias shivered and replied, saying, "I guess great minds do think alike."

Harry caught Gwen's eye and signaled for the bill, which she quickly brought over. He barely looked at it before handing her his debit card. As she left to deal with that, he turned back to Rias.

"Before we return to the room and find out just how much we've been thinking alike, I do have one last thing planned for our date," he murmured.

"I can't wait to see what you came up with," Rias grinned.

"That's all settled," Gwen said, handing him back his card. "I hope you enjoyed everything."

"The food was lovely," Rias smiled.

"Yeah, I haven't had fish and chips that good in ages," Harry added.

"Well, I'm glad to hear it and hope to see you back soon," Gwen beamed. "Take care."

"You too," Rias replied.

The two of them left, hand in hand, satisfied and giddy about what the rest of the night might hold.

"So this other thing you have in mind, where do I need to take you?" Rias asked.

"Somewhere open and empty," Harry replied. "We don't want witnesses for this."

"You know, having sex in public is more likely to be Akeno's thing," Rias giggled.

"That's not what I have in mind," Harry laughed. Pulling her in close and ghosting his fingers through her, hair he whispered, "Not that I'd say no."

Rias shuddered and pulled him along, ducking into the first empty alley they came across so that she could teleport them away. They landed in an empty field somewhere, and Harry took a moment to look around, not that he could see much in the dark. There didn't appear to be a soul in sight and a quick hominum revelio proved that they were indeed alone.

"Close your eyes," Harry whispered.

"Not entirely necessary just now, but sure," Rias replied, doing as he said.

He let go of her hand and focused inward, drawing upon his magic and willing himself to rise above the ground as Tom had instructed. He hadn't wasted much time at all plucking this particular trick from his old foe once he learned that it was possible and had tested it out a few times before trying it in front of witnesses. Flying into the air, he flipped himself around until his feet were pointed towards the stars and hovered right in front of Rias.

"Open them," he grinned.

"So what's the surpr…" Rias trailed off as she spotted him floating in the air. "Wha…"

Rather than answer her, he kissed her, capturing her lips with his own. It was an awkward kiss with him being upside down, but any kiss with Rias was perfect in his mind.

"How?" the gorgeous redhead asked.

"It turns out that Tom figured out how to fly just before he tried to kill me," Harry replied. "I forced him to teach me how."

"We can fly together!" Rias exclaimed, letting her wings out and joining him in the air.

"I've been looking forward to this since I learned that devils could fly under their power," Harry grinned. "There doesn't seem to be anyone around here, so we should be able to fly freely."

"You're it!" Rias exclaimed, tapping him on the head on the flying off at blinding speed.

"You're on," Harry replied in kind, laughing as he zoomed off after her.

He was still relatively new to this, and his grasp of the magic wasn't perfect, but he could keep himself in the air without fear, and his years of experience with brooms really came in handy as he soared through the sky. He was pleased to find out that he wasn't any slower than Rias, and when she turned quickly to try and outmaneuver him, he noticed immediately and managed to catch her.

"You're it," he laughed before flying away as quickly as he could.

The two of them continued their little game of aerial tag through the next several rounds, laughing freely as they flew recklessly through the sky. They kept to the air above that vast empty field that they'd found, not wanting to have to erase anyone's memories if they didn't have to. Harry had always felt freer in the air than anywhere else, and being able to fly with Rias like this was even better.

As she chased after him in their latest round of tag, he decided to get clever and shot downward, toward the ground. He knew that she was far more durable than he was and wouldn't really be hurt if she fell for this, and he was eager to try out a wronksi feint without a broom.

"If you think you're going to win a game of chicken with me, you're mistaken," Rias called out as they hurtled towards the ground.

"I guess we'll just have to find out which of us is more competitive!" Harry laughed.

Closer and closer he went to the ground, wanting to wait until he could see the very mounds of snow to pull up. So focused was he on the ground that he failed to notice Rias gaining on him, and as he pulled up, she reached out to grab his foot. The sudden feeling of being grabbed threw him off and his imperfect control of the charm he was using to hold himself in the air faltered. He grunted as he tumbled across the ground, casting a quick, wandless, strengthening charm on his glasses to keep them from breaking.

He wasn't that high above the ground when she grabbed him and had shifted his momentum well enough, so it wasn't as bad as it could be, but he was still sent rolling far across the hill they landed on.

"Harry?" Rias called out, concerned.

Grinning impishly, once he realized that nothing was broken, Harry made it look like he tried to get up only to fail and fall back down.

"Harry!" Rias cried, rushing over to him. As she rolled him over, she exclaimed, "Oh, I'm so sor…"

He laughed at her and she squawked in sudden rage, bringing her fist down on his chest.

"Ass!" she cried, and, still laughing, Harry pulled her in and rolled them down along the hill, holding her incredible body as tightly as he could.

They landed with him on his back, and Rias quickly pushed herself up, casting a light charm to let her get a better look at him.

"I'm sorry, luv, but I couldn't resist," Harry murmured, running his fingers over her hand.

"You are alright, though, yes?" Rias asked.

"Fine," Harry replied. "Might have a few bruises in the morning, but this would hardly be the first time you left me bruised. I don't think I've had this much fun in my life."

"It was pretty fun," Rias agreed. "When I imagined flying with you before, my ideas were far slower and more romantic, but then I took one look at you hovering above the ground and thought, 'tag.'"

"I'll happily play any game that ends with you on top of me," Harry chuckled, and Rias' eyes darkened with lust.

"You want me on top tonight, do you?" Rias asked.

"On top, under me, against a wall, I'm not picky," Harry replied. "I'll want to get a better feel for the magic before I try fucking in the air. There are some parts of me that I don't want to risk damaging."

"You and me both," Rias grinned. "I can't wait any longer."

Without another word, she teleported them back to the Room of Requirement, finding Dobby hard at work piling what looked like hundreds of volumes off to the side.

"Ah, Dobby will leave you alone to make little wizards," Dobby said as he spotted them.

"Thank you, Dobby," Rias grinned.

As the house elf left, control of the room shifted to her, and, after summoning her familiar to transport the finished books to Gremory Castle, she turned the massive library into a perfect replica of her bedroom in Kuoh.

"I think you said something about earmuffs back in the pub," Harry drawled, looking her up and down.

"I'm pretty sure you were the one who said that," Rias grinned, "but I did think it was a great idea."

Without another word, she spelled her clothes off entirely, and Harry felt his mouth water at the sight of her.

"Lie down," Harry groaned, eager to taste her.

"You sound so desperate for me," Rias grinned as she sat down on the bed. "Do you truly crave me so much?"

"Like air," Harry replied, taking one of her legs in hand and massaging her calve lightly. "You have no idea how much you drive me crazy."

"I could have a better idea if you undressed," Rias remarked, pressing her free foot against his cock and making him groan. "Hmm, that feels like a lot of madness right there."

"Such a wicked thing you are," Harry hissed.

"I am a devil, Harry," Rias grinned. "Wickedness comes naturally to me."

"I can be wicked too," Harry rumbled, pressing his lips against her ankle.

He kissed down along her leg, earning breathy sighs from the crimson-haired vixen as he went. Her sighs turned to soft moans as he reached her thigh, and when his lips brushed feather light against the apex of her thighs, she hissed. That hiss of pleasure turned to one of frustration as Harry skipped over her cunt entirely and began peppering her flat belly with kisses.

"Harry," Rias whined. "Orgasm denial is Akeno's thing, and Luna's."

"Worry not, luv," Harry chuckled. "I won't deny you for long, but your nipples look so hard they ache, and what kind of boyfriend would I be if I didn't try to help?"

Rias grumbled at that only to moan aloud when he cupped her massive breasts.

"How the hell do any boys in your classes get anything done when you're around?" Harry asked as he started kneading the heavy mounds.

"Kuoh Academy was...oh...an all girls school until a couple years ago," Rias moaned, snaking her nails into his hair as he wrapped his lips around one of her aching nipples. "The gender ratio is still quite heavily skewed towards the girls."

"Probably for the best," Harry chuckled. "As fine an institution as I'm sure it is, with you and Akeno around, they're probably all far too distracted to learn much."

Rias laughed at the and scratched his scalp gently, making tingles go down his spine. He switched between her breasts and back again, worshiping them with his lips, tongue, and teeth all while Rias whimpered and moaned in pleasure. She bucked under him, grinding herself against his body to try and relieve the growing pressure in her burning core, but to no avail.

"Harry, please," she begged uncharacteristically. "I'm so wet for you. Don't you want to taste my little pussy?"

"I would expect a creature of sin to be more tempting than that," Harry teased, and Rias glared at him. "You aren't wrong, though. I can smell you from here and fuck, you smell so good."

"Only you make me this wet," Rias sighed. "I'm dripping all over the bed."

"And you called me desperate," Harry grinned, letting her breasts go and kissing her flat stomach again.

He trailed downward and heard her gasp as he reached her dripping slit. If this was Akeno or Luna, he would have continued kissing a trail down her other leg, but Rias was far less into teasing and already looked terribly turned on. The redhead was flushed with desire, her eyes nearly black with lust, and she'd reached a point where every touch of his lips on her skin set a jolt of heat straight to her cunt.

Harry hovered his face in front of her, looking down at the fleshy, dewy lips, and inhaled her intoxicating aroma, shuddering as he felt his cock throb in his pants. Unable to hold himself back any more, he gave her sex a long lick from hole to clit and grinned at the sharp gasp she let out. She gripped his black hair, which he'd grown out over the last few months, and let her sharp nails tease his scalp. He lapped at her heated flesh, groaning at the taste he'd come to adore.

"Just like that," Rias moaned softly. "Don't stop."

"Wouldn't dream of it," Harry sighed before returning his long, dexterous tongue to her slick folds.

Her thighs clamped around his head, the soft skin pressing against him tightly. His eyes locked onto Rias', drinking in every pleasured look on her beautiful face. His prior teasing had clearly done much to turn her on, or the date had, but either way, he knew from how her arousal dripped down his chin that she was already close. Moving upward, he swirled his tongue around her throbbing clit, not touching the nub directly.

"Yes!" Rias cried, grinding her cunt against his face. "More, more!"

Harry pushed two of his thick fingers inside her, stretching her inner walls. Curling them upward, he pressed against her g-spot and started stroking it firmly while he wrapped his lips around her clit. Her moans turned to staccato cries and screams, her back arching off the bed as she raced towards her peak. He sucked on her clit gently, teasingly, pushing her just a little bit further to the edge with practiced ease. Just when he felt that she was right on the precipice of orgasm, he pressed his tongue against her clit and spoke a single word in the tongue of the snakes.

"Cum!" he commanded, and with a keening wail, she did.

"FUCK!" Rias shrieked, writhing in pleasure under him as it coursed through her entire body in waves.

Harry continued speaking parseltongue against her sensitive flesh, drawing out her orgasm. He hadn't tested yet if it was possible to make someone cum until they passed out from a single endless orgasm, as even Akeno hadn't been willing to try, but he knew that he could keep it going for quite a while. After a solid minute, he backed off and watched her twitch and shudder on the bed, a sheen of sweat making her pale skin glow in the faint light of the room.

"Fuck...me," Rias panted, her eyes still glassy as she stared in his direction.

"As you wish," Harry grinned, spelling his clothes off.

He joined her quickly, fisting his cock as he lined himself up with her still-quivering hole. He sank himself inside her in a single long, slow thrust, shutting his eyes and groaning in pleasure at the feeling of her hot, wet inner walls clinging to every bit of his shaft. Rias moaned at the feeling of being stretched by his girth and wrapped her legs around him, pulling him inward.

"I love you," Rias sighed, still sounding loopy, and Harry froze.

"What?" he asked, and the redhead snapped out of it instantly, her eyes going wide as she realized what she'd just said. The two of them looked into each other's eyes as they stayed frozen in that moment, and as Harry saw the sheer adoration in her gaze, he smiled and whispered, "I love you too."

"Oh!" Rias exclaimed, pulling him down into a searing hot kiss.

The two of them kissed passionately, their tongues dancing in their mouths as they expressed what each of them had wanted to for weeks.

"Oh, Rias," Harry moaned, pulling most of his cock from her sweltering depths before thrusting back inside.

Rias cried out in pleasure as he began fucking her slowly, just barely hard enough to make her massive breasts jiggle and roll on her chest. His eyes never left hers as they rocked against each other, moving as one. It wasn't the frenetic, athletic kind of sex that they usually had, but as they held each other, kissing softly, it was no less intense. Rias squeezed around him, nearly making his eyes cross, and he picked up his pace slightly.

"Fuck, you feel so good," Rias whimpered, clinging to him.

His long, slow strokes seemed to be hitting every sensitive nerve inside her as soon as, despite her prior orgasm, he was making her see stars. His hands found hers, their fingers interlacing, and he pressed them against the bed. He tickled her neck with kisses, teasing her with the soft, gentle touches, before nipping her pulse point.

"I hate that we're apart so often," he whispered in her ear. "I wish more than anything that I could wake up each morning with you in my arms."

"I want that too!" Rias cried, her eyes growing damp.

He let go of her hands and cupped her breasts as he picked up his pace again, his thrusts growing gradually faster and harder. He brought one of her pebbled nipples to his mouth and sucked on the hard nub. Rias clung to his broad shoulder, burying her face in the crook of his neck and inhaling his scent. The pressure inside her was growing rapidly and with an intensity that she could scarcely fathom.

Her legs started shaking to the point that she couldn't keep them wrapped around his waist anymore, so he moved them to his shoulders and started fucking her harder and deeper in the new position. Rias wailed, her nails raking over his shoulders as the pleasure inside her became overwhelming. She was losing her mind, building towards what she thought might be the most intense orgasm of her life, and she couldn't focus on any of that because she was utterly lost in Harry's emerald green eyes.

Both of their breathing grew haggard as they continued, each one getting close to their peak. Harry kissed her deeply, quieting her moans so that only the loud, wet sounds of his thrusts echoed through the room.

"Harry!" Rias screamed, her whole body shaking as the pressure inside her grew maddening. "You feel so good! I love it! I love YOU!"

She let go with a squeal, cumming so hard she squirted all over him and the bed. Harry grunted the words back to her, burying his face in the crook of her neck as he spilled what felt like a gallon of his seed inside her. The two of them clung to each other as they weathered the storm of their mutual orgasm together. Time lost all meaning, and neither could say how long the pulsing waves of pleasure thundered through them, but as it ended, they collapsed together, Rias sobbing softly against him.

"Rias?" Harry panted, rolling them onto their sides and looking down at her.

"I'm fine," Rias panted, wiping her eyes. "You just made...me cum so hard...I cried...you big jerk."

Harry laughed and kissed her gently, ghosting his fingers over her cheek. The two of them laid together for a few minutes, catching their breath and caressing each other languidly.

"I've wanted to say I love you for so long," he murmured.

"So have I," Rias whispered.

"I love you, Rias Gremory," Harry whispered, his eyes shining.

"I…" Rias sobbed, "I love you too, Harry Potter."

He kissed her again and rolled her onto her back. His cock hardened again rapidly, and he sank back inside her with her with ease. Their passion for each other was as boundless as his stamina, and it wasn't until the early hours of the morning that they passed out in each other's arms.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Dec 13, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Brawlingbard, Fridrich, Hikari301 and 413 others
voivode_writer
Dec 10, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 18 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Dec 24, 2024
Add bookmark
#400
Harry saw the crimson blast of destruction coming his way and strafed to the side with practiced ease, lobbing a bolt of lightning at Rias in response. She blocked the bolt while Akeno responded with lightning of her own. Harry lifted a few floorboards up with a wave of his wand and caught her attack. The force of it blew the wood into splinters, which he quickly transfigured into steel and set flying her way. Akeno dodged out of the way and grinned at him.

"You've improved so much," she purred, her sultry voice making his cock twitch in his pants. "When you actually beat me someday, I'll spend the whole week as your free use bitch."

"Careful now, Akeno," Rias grinned. "Motivate him too much, and he might hurt himself trying to best us."

"What will I get if I beat you?" Harry asked, cocking an eyebrow.

"The satisfaction of knowing you've come so far," Rias replied. "You're a far cry from the wizard who could barely dodge my attacks a few months ago."

"I've had good teachers," Harry replied, grinning to himself as he imagined just how much one of those teachers was grinding his non-existent teeth just then.

"Those insects out there would often say that my most terrible ability was my absolute mastery of the unforgivables," Voldemort scoffed. "They are among the most important spells in my arsenal, of course, but what truly makes me the greatest wizard to ever live is the full breadth of my knowledge."

"Just how badly do you wish that you could use one of them on me right now?" Harry asked, fighting the urge to laugh as his nemesis' left eye twitched.

"More than you can possibly imagine," Voldemort growled.

Harry had come to take an almost perverse pleasure in how openly the man who murdered his parents hated teaching him. He couldn't refuse him and couldn't even deceive him, and the knowledge that he was making his most hated enemy stronger with each passing day infuriated him, but there was nothing he could do. In going after Harry's family on that Halloween night, he had laid the seeds of his own undoing, and though he denied outright that he would ever be defeated for good, his growing fear was obvious.

"Well, continue with the lesson," Harry commanded.

"One of the most useful combat skills you can learn is spell chaining, as you well know," Voldemort said with obvious reluctance. "Spells with similar wand movements are ideal for this. When I was young, one of my favorite combinations was Lumos Solem and Bombarda Maxima. The combination of blinding light and high-end destruction brought many of my foes to their end. Throw in the killing curse at the end of it, and you blind them, batter the haphazard shield they'll throw up if they aren't brain dead, and strike them down."

"You did tend to favor brutality, it seemed," Harry mused. "Was that just your blatant psychopathy at work, or did you have an actual strategy?"

"The most useful weapon you have in any fight is your opponent's mind," Voldemort replied. "If you know who you're up against and how their mind works, you can put them at an instant disadvantage with a few well chosen words. If someone is prone to anger and grows sloppy when their blood is hot, anger them, though if anger tends to make them more focused and dangerous, obviously don't. For most of the sheep, fear is their natural response to anything beyond their abilities, and terrified people often have a way of freezing up."

"So it wasn't just about proving who had the biggest wand?" Harry asked.

Voldemort glowered at him, saying, "Power is its own reward, boy, and displays of it can be useful for many reasons. My followers flocked to my cause because they saw the power I wielded, and my enemies came to fear my very name for the same reason. When I drew my wand in anger, all knew that it meant they were about to be felled as though by a vengeful god."

Harry rolled his eyes and practiced the spells he had mentioned as well as a few other combinations he thought might be useful. He could recreate the feeling of drawing on his magic and unleashing it well enough in his mindscape and could practice wand movements and incantations under the watchful eyes of his loathing instructor, but he still had to practice them for real later on. Nonetheless, he had learned much over the last little while, and in most subjects, he was already on N.E.W.T.-level material, as Professor McGonagall had learned during the second task.

"There is one thing that I've been wondering about," Harry said after several minutes of practice.

"I'm sure this will be riveting," Voldemort snarked.

"I've been focused on occlumency both to help me focus better and to keep people out of my mind," Harry began, "but I don't have much of a way to truly test it. Would you be able to try using legilimency against me?"

"With permission, probably," Voldemort replied through gritted teeth.

"Do it then," Harry commanded.

Voldemort fixed him with his blood-red stare, and Harry made a wand appear in his hand just in case it helped things feel more natural. He looked down at it for a moment, smirked, and then pointed it at Harry, hissing, "Legilmens."

Harry felt the attack hit, and his mindscape quaked under his feet as pain assaulted his senses. In truth, he had no idea if this would even be possible, but the poorly formed horcrux seemed to have been growing, not stronger per se, but more capable in the time they'd spent together. It seemed as though it had been asleep before Ajuka woke it, and the more time Harry spent conversing with him, the more consciousness he seemed to gain. His enslavement had gone from a good and rather funny idea to a truly necessary one.

The exercises that Voldemort had had Harry do had worked so well that even he hadn't been able to hide how begrudgingly impressed he was. This was the first true test they had done, though, and it took Harry a moment to be able to do anything other than just raise his mental shields and withstand the assault. He recollected himself after a moment though, managing to keep his expression pained and carefully let Voldemort in along a specific path in his mind.

Forcefully keeping someone out of your head was only a good idea if you were significantly more powerful than them. If that wasn't the case, and especially if they were more powerful than you, it was better to let them think that they were getting past your defenses and lead them to less sensitive places in your mind. Truly skilled occlumencers could craft false memories to confuse their attacker and get under their skin, waiting for a chance to strike back. Harry wasn't at that level yet, but he could lead Voldemort down to where he wished him to go.

"You're better than I'd have expected you to be, Potter," Crouch admitted as he sent a bone-breaker at Harry's right arm.

"Well, you know, some arsehole forced me into a dangerous tournament against my will, and I figured I'd better train," Harry quipped, dodging his spell and sending another reductor towards the man's wooden leg. He had been focusing on it and Moody's walking stick, knowing full well that if he could unbalance Crouch, it would give him the sort of edge he desperately needed.

"Train with who, I wonder?" Crouch commented. "Confringo!"

It was the most dangerous spell that he'd used yet, and, with the orange curse coming right at his head, Harry panicked and ducked, crying out in pain as he felt a cutting charm dig a deep gouge in his left side. Searing pain took his breath away, and he backed up as his blood spilled onto the tiles below. He sent conjured flames right at Crouch's face, which the man froze effortlessly. Crouch hit him with a jelly leg jinx, and Harry fell with a thud and a pained groan.

"You have some talent, but you're still greener than your eyes, boy," Crouch sneered as he sent Harry's wand flying out his hand and down the hall. "My master is going to enjoy seeing you again."

"Pathetic," Voldemort chuckled as he watched Harry's duel with the disguised Crouch. "He was holding back, and you still couldn't even put up a fight."

Dumbledore arrived then, just as he had back on the night of his fight with Crouch, and the sheer loathing that Voldemort felt as he beheld the old man was palpable. His hate for and fear of Dumbledore was exactly what Harry had been hoping for, and as Voldemort grew furious seeing his oldest enemy save his youngest one, Harry struck. Slipping past the distracted dark lord's defenses, he followed the train of thought that the headmaster inspired in him and found himself staring at a much younger version of him.

"All this death and destruction, Tom," Dumbledore sighed wearily, shaking his head as he surveyed the site he'd just appeared in and the myriad mangled corpses littered about. "What is it all for?"

"I don't go by that name anymore, Dumbledore," Voldemort replied, sounding slightly more human than he did in Harry's time, "and as for what it's for, I will rule this land and crush all of its filth under foot. All who stand against me will suffer the same fate as these short-sighted fools."

"Here I stand," Dumbledore glared, flaring his magic outward in obvious challenge. "You won't find me so easily dispatched."

"I'm not the young boy you once terrified so easily, old man," Voldemort hissed.

"No," Dumbledore replied. "That boy had a shred of humanity left in him."

"Such a quaint word for weakness," Voldemort chuckled. "Avada Kedavra!"

The fight began, and Harry watched in awe as the two powerful wizards showed the full extent of their abilities.

"Get out," the soul fragment hissed, having finally raced back inside his own mind.

"Be silent," Harry replied, and his nemesis stilled.

He might not have gained a true mastery of legilimency yet, but he had proven that he could look inside the mind of the horcrux and that meant that his lessons were about to get far more interesting.

Harry conjured a flock of doves and sent them flying at Rias, who responded with a wave of destruction. The second they died, though, they turned to water, covering her completely, and he raised his wand towards her, hissing, "Glacia Maxima!"

The wave of frigid wind and water sent her way froze the liquid covering her instantly, and she cried out in shock, falling towards the ground. Distracted by her sudden fall, Harry failed to notice as Akeno sent another blast of lightning his way and gasped as pain racked through him. He fell as well and crashed into the softened floor right in front of Hermione and Luna.

"You okay?" Hermione asked, not even looking up from the book she was reading.

She was quite used to him getting the crap kicked out of him during his training sessions by now and knew that the two devils always held back enough to avoid truly hurting him.

"Yeah," Harry replied, twitching as an aftershock coursed through him.

"For the record," Rias shivered, covering herself in an aura of drying warmth to chase away the chill and dry her clothes, "that wouldn't have put me down for more than a moment, but still, well done."

"Thanks," Harry groaned as he sat up.

"I think that's enough for today," Akeno chuckled as she landed. "You two find anything good?"

"Mostly junk in this batch," Hermione replied, "though one of the things I came across did make me realize a problem that we're going to run into with the library. This copy of Voltaire's Candide looks like it might be a first edition, but it's most likely not going to be the only copy in here. It will be a waste of paper and Dobby's time to have him create copies of every edition and every translation of every book ever written."

"Hmm, we'll have to focus down the parameters given to the room," Rias mused. "Getting the copy of every book that the author and publisher were happiest with might work."

"I would like English translations of the non-French ones," Hermione said, "though if I'll have millenia on my hands, I guess I could just learn all the languages eventually."

"You'll learn them all instantly when you become a devil," Akeno grinned.

"Huh?" Hermione asked.

"Devils all have the ability to 'speak in tongues,'" Rias replied. "One of the primary reasons that Lucifer created us was to corrupt and despoil the Tyrant's favorite creation, humans. That meant needing to speak all manner of languages, especially after the Tyrant made it clear in the Tower of Babel incident that he'd never allow mankind to come together as one lest they try to reach beyond their limits. The ability extends to reading too."

Hermione stared at her with wide, unblinking eyes, and after a moment, Harry waved his hand in front of her face, shocking her out of her reverie and earning a playful glare from the brunette.

"Does that mean you can read this?" Luna asked, handing an old-looking scroll to Akeno.

"If it's from the Voynich manuscript, Sona already tried and concluded that it was an unintelligible joke," Rias chuckled.

"It isn't," Akeno murmured, her brow furrowing in confusion as she unfurled. "This is a readable language, but I've never seen it before in my life."

"Let me see," Rias said, and her eyes widened when she looked down at the scroll in Akeno's hands. "Oh, interesting."

"What is it?" Hermione asked.

"A scroll detailing a ritual of some kind," Rias replied as she looked it over. "The contents aren't the interesting part, though. I've never seen this language before either."

"It looks like Luciferian, honestly," Akeno murmured.

"Luciferian?" Harry asked.

"Lucifer created his own language for the devils in the early days of our race," Rias replied. "It was redundant, truth be told, as we can understand each other no matter what we speak, but I think that he felt like it would help enhance our shared identity."

"Or maybe he was bored," Luna piped up.

"Sort of like Sauron's Black Speech," Hermione mumbled under her breath.

"This looks kind of like the written form of Luciferian, but a version of it that I've never seen before," Rias continued. "It's possible that it's a sort of early version of the language, and if that's true, there aren't very many devils that could have written this."

"You think it could be in Lucifer's own hand?" Harry asked.

"That's possible," Rias replied, smiling in excitement. "Some of his writings do still exist, so I'll be able to compare the handwriting later."

"What sort of ritual is it?" Hermione asked.

"A binding ritual of sorts," Rias replied, "one meant to bond a master and servant together. It's possible that this was used back before the evil pieces were created; I'll have to ask my parents. It does look like it has some very interesting benefits, though."

"Like what?" Harry asked.

"It bonds the souls of the participants together and so ensure thereafter that they will both always know where the other is," Rias replied.

"Do you think the horcrux would get in the way of it?" Luna asked.

"Probably not," Harry replied. "According to Ajuka, the reason that the horcrux blocks the evil pieces is that it shields my soul from allowing the magic of the piece to enter it. This sounds completely different."

"Is there any cost involved?" Hermione asked.

"It appears that it would punish the servant somehow for betraying the master," Rias replied. "Not that I think you would, but I'm still going to want to look this over more thoroughly before we even consider trying it out."

"I never would," Harry smiled warmly, "but thank you."

"This can't have been something that the evil pieces replaced," Akeno reasoned. "If it prevents servants from betraying their masters, it would help eliminate the problem of strays and the damage they can cause. It must have been lost during the great war, if it's even of devil origin."

"Like I say, the script does look similar to ours," Rias replied, "and there's nothing that I've seen so far that would point to any other origin. Either way, it requires further research."

"It's a great example of the wonder of this place," Hermione sighed. "Who knows how many long lost treasures of knowledge have been recreated in here?"

"It's just a shame that most of the other things in this batch have been boring," Luna sighed as she checked the last book in the pile. "Hmm, the Kama Sutra…"

"Um, Luna…" Hermione went to say as the blonde opened the book to a random page.

"Oh!" Luna exclaimed, her eyebrows shooting towards her forehead. "Oh, I don't know if I'm flexible enough for that."

"We can work on it," Akeno purred, looking over Luna's shoulder.

Harry glanced down at the picture, and his eyes widened as he realized just what Luna had found. Hermione buried her face in her hands as Rias chuckled softly.

A few minutes later, the latest batch of finished books were safely packed away for transport, and the five of them exited the isolated training area they'd created and entered the omnilibrary. the idea to cordon off specific rooms inside the Room of Requirement while they were training or sleeping together had turned out to be great, and they were able to use the room freely without disturbing Dobby. The energetic house elf happened to be nearby when they entered and smiled excitedly up at them.

"Harry Potter is not hurt, right?" he asked, noticing how gingerly Harry was walking.

"I was just training," Harry replied. "I'll be right as rain in a bit."

"You're doing a wonderful job with the library, Dobby," Rias complimented.

"Thank you, Harry Potter's Rias," Dobby beamed. "The library is a big job, but Dobby will do it."

"We're glad," Akeno smiled. "You're sure it's not too much work?"

"Too much work?" Dobby asked incredulously. "Never too much work."

Without another word, he popped off and began work on another section of the library.

"At least he seems happy," Hermione sighed, beginning to realize that Rias was right about house elves being distinctly non-human.

"Will I see you two later?" Harry asked.

"I'll be by," Akeno replied.

"I have a number of things I need to get done tonight," Rias sighed. "I'll see you tomorrow, though."

"See you then," Harry smiled. "Are you two heading straight back to Japan?"

"No," Rias replied. "I have a little detour to make first."

*****

"So this is Japan," Kiba mused, looking around warily as they walked along the streets of Kuoh.

"You're safe, Kiba," Rias said softly. "This town is my domain, and my treasured servants are all safe within its boundaries."

"I know," Kiba sighed, taking a breath and trying to calm himself. "I just haven't been on Earth since…"

"You're ready," Rias assured him. "I think so, and so does Souji. You've made remarkable progress in the last couple months."

"It's not enough," Kiba scowled.

"The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step," Rias said sagely. "Follow along the path of devilry, and you will attain the power you desire. I haven't steered you wrong yet."

"No, you haven't," Kiba agreed. "I don't think I've said it yet, but thank you, Rias, for everything."

"Be my loyal servant and do all you can to reach your full potential, and I will consider that thanks enough," Rias replied. "This is the school you'll be attending, Kuoh Academy."

"It looks...nice," Kiba commented, unsure of what else to say.

"It was an all-girls school not long ago," Rias explained, "so the gender balance is still rather skewed."

"I'm happy to help balance things out, I guess," Kiba said. "You can come here after hours?"

"We devils have certain privileges," Rias replied as she let them into the empty school. "You'll be joining what we call the Occult Research Club. The School Council is the front for my friend Sona's peerage, while the club is mine. You'll meet her tomorrow, but for now, I want to introduce you two a couple others."

They made their way over to the clubroom, and as Rias opened the door, Kiba saw that there were two people already there. One of them was a girl who looked to be Rias' age with long black hair held up in a ponytail and a figure that equaled the redhead's own. She smiled at him as she saw him, and it was genuine, but as he peered into her purple eyes, he could see the power behind them and knew at once that she was far more dangerous than she looked. The other girl had white hair and looked younger than he was, being short and quite thin. She regarded him neutrally, her expression almost bored, though there was an edge in her golden eyes.

"Kiba, these are Koneko Toujou and Akeno Himejima," Rias said, introducing them. "Koneko, Akeno, this is Kiba Yuuto, the newest member of our little club."

She said the last words with humor clear in her voice, and Akeno grinned.

"Hello," she murmured softly. "You're looking well."

"You were there, then," Kiba muttered, feeling his pulse spike as it always did when he thought of the night he died.

"I was," Akeno replied. "Rest assured that the ones we caught paid for their crimes."

"As will the rest of them," Kiba vowed.

"Ice cream?" Koneko asked, holding out what looked like a frozen chocolate popsicle she'd fished out of the freezer.

"Thank you," Kiba replied, taking it and removing the packaging.

"Now that you're here, you can begin learning about what it truly means to be a devil," Rias continued, giving the same weight and gravitas to the word devil that she always did. "Later, you'll be shadowing Koneko as she meets with a human to try and strike a bargain, but for now, we have business to go over. Please, have a seat."

Kiba sat down and watched Rias take her own seat, seeming to radiate authority as she formally opened the meeting.

"Now, Akeno, have there been any reports of unusual activity around town?" she asked.

"None in the last couple days," Akeno replied. "Whatever that bizarre scene in the forest was last week, nothing seems to have come of it."

"Let's hope it stays that way," Rias muttered. "Koneko, how did your last summoning go?"

Kiba sat back and watched as the small girl answered, feeling a little more comfortable than he feared he would. He imagined that it was still going to take him a while to get used to the new life that he'd ended up with, but he would adjust in time. It was the only way for him to achieve his eventual goal of killing Gallilei, and nothing would keep him from that.

*****

"Had you checked out the village yet?" Luna asked as she, Hermione, and Harry walked with Fleur.

"I 'ad a look around when I first got 'ere," Fleur replied. "Purely magical settlements are always interesting."

"Interesting is the word," Hermione smiled. "Are settlements like this more common in France?"

"Not really," Fleur replied. "Zere are, of course, a smattering of mostly magical villages throughout ze country, like 'ere. Ze largest purely magical settlement is Montbon near Marsielle. It is beautiful, looking like a proper little French village from before ze revolution."

"Do you go there often?" Harry asked.

"Not zat often," Fleur replied. "Like your Diagon Alley, our magical shopping center is Place Cachee, 'idden within Paris. Montbon is not right next to Beauxbatons as 'Ogsmeade is next to 'Ogwarts, so we don't 'ave as many reasons to go zere."

"How about we stop in for a drink?" Harry suggested as they passed by the Three Broomsticks. "Madam Rosmerta has mead if you don't care for butterbeer."

"Zank goodness," Fleur smiled, and he opened the door to let them all in.

It wasn't terribly crowded, and the four of them quickly found a table. Rosmerta noticed them quickly and went over to greet them.

"Well, doesn't this bring back memories?" the busty barmaid asked rhetorically as she drew close.

"I'm sorry?" Harry asked.

"Your father used to come in here all the time with a pair of girls on his arms," Rosmerta replied, chuckling. "This was before he finally convinced your mum to go out with him, of course. He was almost always with...um, er…"

"I know," Harry nodded. "I take it he'd usually have a girl or two too."

"Yeah," Rosmerta replied, shaking her head. "After all these years, I still can't believe that one."

"Sometimes people surprise you," Harry muttered, "and sometimes they don't. We'll have at least one mead."

"Or Elven wine if you 'ave it," Fleur added.

"I do," Rosmerta smiled. "And for you three?"

"Butterbeer will be fine," Hermione replied.

"Mead, please," Luna smiled.

"Butterbeer," Harry replied.

"On the way," Rosmerta said before going back to the bar.

"I want to try something out," Hermione murmured, drawing her wand. "Muffliato."

Harry felt a rush of magic envelope the area around them and cocked an eyebrow at Hermione.

"I came across a random textbook in the...library," Hermione explained, catching herself at the last second as she recalled the mixed company she was in. "It was an old potions book, and I was going to dismiss it as nothing more than that, but when I opened it, I saw that all kinds of things had been scribbled in the margins."

"Spells?" Fleur asked.

"And notes on the potions themselves," Hermione replied. "Most of it looked...frankly dangerous, but the arithmancy on this one suggested, as the accompanying note did, that it was a simplified version of the impeturbable charm."

"So we 'ave privacy 'ere?" Fleur asked.

"Anyone outside the table will hear nothing but buzzing," Hermione replied.

"Hmm, let me see," Fleur said, getting up and walking a couple steps away.

"Nice catch," Harry grumbled.

"Sorry; I was really excited to try it out," Hermione replied sheepishly. "The impeturbable charm is difficult and painfully limited. This sounded really useful."

"Why can't we just tell Fleur about the room?" Luna asked. "She's already slept with Harry, so she'll be way too addickted to betray our trust, plus she seems really nice."

"You just had to emphasize the middle portion of that word, didn't you?" Hermione groaned.

"Zat is incredible!" Fleur exclaimed as she sat back down. "Even a couple steps away, I could not 'ear a zing. Please teach me zis spell, 'Ermione."

"Happily," Hermione replied as Rosmerta came over with their drinks.

"Here you are, my lovlies," she smiled warmly as she set their drinks down. "If you want anything else, just wave me down."

"Thank you," Harry replied.

The others repeated his thanks as she turned to leave, and Luna sighed happily at the sweet honey wine as she took a sip.

"So, what's Beauxbatons like?" she asked.

"Gorgeous," Fleur replied, smiling. "Ze Chateau does not 'ave ze ancient majesty of 'Ogwarts, I must admit, but what it lacks in zat, it more zan makes up for in beauty."

"How does the curriculum differ?" Hermione asked. "Now that you've been here for so many months."

"Zinking of transferring?" Fleur asked, cocking a perfectly sculpted brow at her.

"No," Hermione replied, "but I am curious just how the other institutions operate. What I've heard of Durmstrang from Viktor has been interesting, if not terribly appealing."

"I cannot imagine," Fleur sighed, shaking her head. "Beauxbatons lacks your 'ouse system, which I personally zink is a good zing. Zere seems to be such resentment between some of your 'ouses."

"It was meant to foster a sense of family among the people in each house," Harry argued.

"Like the Capulets and the Montagues, perhaps," Hermione muttered.

"I didn't say it worked out," Harry sighed.

"Ilvermorny as a similar house system," Luna added.

"Ze curriculum is similar to 'Ogwarts' from what I've seen," Fleur replied. "We 'ave a more extensive alchemy program, zough. I'm surprised zat zis school doesn't focus more on zat subject, given Dumbledore's history."

"It could be a budget issue," Harry posited. "Merlin knows that there can't be any other reason for them not to have replaced those rickety training brooms they make the first years use yet."

"Perhaps," Fleur replied. "I know ze population 'ere is smaller zan I expected."

"We're still recovering from the war," Hermione explained. "I know that the batch of first years sorted this year is larger than ours was, so it might be trending in the other direction."

"It took Beauxbatons a long time to recover from Grindelwald's madness," Fleur murmured sympathetically.

"How is the discrimination towards non-purebloods?" Hermione asked.

"Nowhere near as bad as it is 'ere," Fleur replied. "Some of ze uncultured swine around 'ere would find zemselves cleaning toilets by 'and within a week in Beauxbatons."

"That's nice to know," Hermione smiled.

"You didn't have any problems then?" Luna asked.

"Not at first," Fleur muttered. When all three of them looked curious, she sighed and added, "Every Veela goes through ze same zing growing up. We are young and ever so pretty, and all ze other girls adore us. Zen puberty, all ze boys look at us like dogs eyeing meat, whether or not zey 'ave girlfriends, and suddenly all ze girls are jealous and suspicious. Teenage veela are often lonely creatures, and since most of us turn to ze boys oo's obvious lust drove away our friends in ze first place, seeking some companionship, it often only gets worse."

"I'm sorry," Hermione murmured.

"It's not so bad after those first few years," Fleur shrugged, though her eyes retained a hint of bitterness. "Truth be told, you two are unusual for not objecting to 'Arry spending time with me at all, much less…"

She trailed off, giving them all a lusty look, and Harry returned it openly as he wrapped an arm around Hermione.

"The three of us like making friends," Luna smiled, placing her hand on Fleur's. "I think you can't have too many of them. Isn't that right, Hermione?"

"If they're the right friends," Hermione replied, smiling at Fleur, whose own smile widened.

"So is it true that Veela descend from the goddess of love?" Luna asked, and all three of them were startled by the sudden change of subject.

"Luna?" Harry asked, looking confused.

"Zat is one of our origin stories," Fleur replied, tensing slightly. "Legend 'as it zat ze first Veela were ze granddaughters of Aphrodite, as she had a son with ze most gorgeous mortal man she'd ever laid eyes on, and he fell in love with a common, though beautiful girl, having two dozen daughters with 'er."

"Ouch," Harry winced, earning laughs from Fleur and Hermione.

"Well, I could certainly see it," Luna smiled, making Fleur grin.

"You are so sweet, Luna," she purred, tracing circles over the other blonde's hand with her finger.

"What are the other origin stories?" Luna asked.

"Not zings we like to zink about," Fleur replied, pulling back and polishing off her glass of wine.

Harry finished his butterbeer, and signaled to Rosmerta for another round.

"I guess they're things that others came up with to explain your people, right?" Hermione asked, curious what exactly Luna was angling for.

"Oui," Fleur replied, her eyes dimming. "People 'ave labeled ze Veela as devils at various points in 'istory. Some claim zat we are devils ourselves, others zat we descend from zem, and most odious of all, some have even claimed zat we consumed ze souls of phoenixes for our beauty. Such nonsense."

Harry and Hermione shared a look that Fleur didn't notice because Rosemerta arrived at that moment.

"Zank you," Fleur smiled, accepting the glass of wine eagerly. "Zat's why I reacted as I did when you made your comment about phoenixes by ze lake."

"Right," Harry replied, feeling mildly uncomfortable.

"People have come up with reasons to dislike people they wanted to dislike for aeons," Hermione soothed. "Most of the people killed in the witch trials were muggle women accused of witchcraft by other women for a number of reasons. In some cases it was jealousy over their husband's wandering eyes; in others it was revenge because their husbands actually had slept with their victim, and in others it was because they coveted their victims husbands."

"Wait, was it all over men?" Harry asked.

"No, but man, was that a depressingly recurring theme," Hermione groaned. "Reading the accounts now, it's rarely difficult to determine what the most likely motive was when the loudest, most hysterical witness in those joke trials just happened to have some obvious axe to grind."

"Even if you did descend from devils, it wouldn't matter to us," Luna added, smiling serenely.

"You...actually mean zat," Fleur breathed, sounding genuinely shocked.

"Of course," Luna replied.

"Fleur?" a girl in a Beauxbatons uniform asked, rushing over to their table.

Hermione subtly canceled her spell as Fleur turned to see her schoolmate.

"Genevieve?" she asked.

"Ze 'eadmistress wishes to see you," Genevieve replied. "Something about your room in ze carriage."

"Okay," Fleur replied, her brow furrowed in confusion. Turning to the others, she said, "Zis was fun, and I would like to do it again sometime."

"I agree," Harry smiled. "I hope nothing's wrong."

"If zere's a problem, I'll let you know," Fleur replied. "Take care, you zree."

"Bye Fleur," Hermione murmured.

"Bye," Luna smiled.

Harry hugged her goodbye and sat back down.

"What was that?" he asked Luna.

"I wanted to see what her opinion was of devils," Luna replied. "It could be better, but it could be worse, I think."

"She definitely doesn't sound like she's going to enjoy learning the truth about the Veela," Harry sighed.

"If Rias' account is true," Hermione muttered. "We're talking about ancient events that happened millenia ago. Even if some of her sources were around back then, there's no way of knowing that they weren't mistaken or that they didn't forget details. It was a pretty chaotic time from what we've heard."

"You have a point," Harry shrugged. "Anyway, I'll settle up with Rosemerta if you want to get going."

"I suppose it is getting close to dinner time," Hermione murmured.

He paid their bill, and the three of them made their way back to the castle. Dinner was rather uneventful, though noteworthy for one particular absence.

"She didn't show up at all," Luna pouted as they walked up the stairs to the seventh floor. "I hope I wasn't too pushy."

"I doubt it had anything to do with you," Hermione yawned. "That other girl looked like whatever their headmistress had to talk about was important, so that meeting probably just ran long. We'll see her in the morning, I'm sure."

Harry saw the door to the room appear the moment they arrived and, making sure that no one was looking, opened it. The three of them rushed inside in time to see Dobby floating another pile of finished books over to the table designated for them.

"Ah, it worked," the house elf smiled as he saw them.

"What worked?" Harry asked. "I usually have to call on you to get let in."

"Dobby asked the room to reveal itself to Harry Potter and all of his girls," Dobby replied, sounding distinctly proud of himself.

"That was clever," Hermione complimented, grinning as the house elf puffed up at her words. "That way, we don't have to interrupt you at all."

"The room truly is amazing," Dobby commented. "Dobby will miss the challenge when it's done."

He disappeared then, and the three of them walked across the short space between the entry and the door to their bedroom. The door to the training room was still closed, and Harry figured that it had been repaired since they left it. As he entered the bedroom, he pulled out the summoning paper and called out Akeno's name.

"Hello," she purred as she arrived, giving them all a sultry look.

"How did things go with Kiba?" Harry asked.

"Pretty well," Akeno replied. "He's still a little uncomfortable, and going from living in Italy to living in Japan would have been quite the adjustment even without...everything else that happened, but Rias is confident that he'll do well, and I trust her judgment."

"She does have experience with this sort of thing," Harry reasoned.

"She's got a bit of a thing for wounded birds, really," Akeno commented. "I doubt you summoned me here just to talk about Rias, though, or at least I really hope that isn't the case."

"Oh, we were hoping to have sex too," Luna replied as though Akeno had been entirely serious.

Akeno laughed and flew right up to the blonde, wrapping her arms around her and saying, "Do you think you've been a good enough girl for that?"

"Actually, I think I've been rather naughty," Luna replied, shuddering at the dangerous gleam Akeno's purple eyes took on. "Maybe I should be punished for it."

"Man, I've wanted someone like you for a while," Akeno giggled, reaching behind and swatting Luna's bum, making her moan. "People who can find pleasure in pain are rarer than I'd have imagined once. Sensation is sensation after all, and the most intense pleasure of all is at least tinged with pain."

"Like hearing a cenobite talk," Hermione muttered, shaking her head in amusement.

"You watched Hellraiser?" Akeno asked, surprised.

"My parents rented the wrong movie last summer ago and then got called away for an emergency," Hermione replied. "I was alone and elected to give myself nightmares for weeks."

"Eh, I thought it was okay," Akeno shrugged. "It would have been more fun if they actually explored the BDSM themes hinted at throughout without just using them as an excuse for a gorefest, but it was at least a cool gorefest. The lead demon's voice, though."

She bit her lip at that, and Harry chuckled, saying, "Deep and rumbling?"

"You know me well," Akeno sighed. "Your voice is rapidly reaching that level, by the way. Just hearing you speak can make me wet these days."

"Particularly if I'm ordering you to get on your knees," Harry rumbled and grinned as her pupils dilated.

"Is that a command, sir?" Akeno asked.

"Later," Harry replied. "For now, give Luna what she's craving."

Akeno grinned at him and looked over at the blonde, who shivered under her lustful gaze. She snapped her fingers and Luna's clothes disappeared instantly, leaving her entirely naked save for a silver choker that appeared around her neck. Her hands flew to it, and her big silver eyes went wide as she felt the smooth metal.

"I bought that for you a while ago and forgot about it," Akeno purred, brushing Luna's long blonde hair behind her shoulder to expose more of her neck. "It looks so good on you, pet."

"Thank you, mistress," Luna breathed. "May I thank you properly?"

"Later," Akeno grinned. "On your knees."

Luna fell to her knees, feeling her pussy start to leak her juices down along her thighs already as her arousal spiked.

"Fucking hell," Hermione breathed, rubbing her thighs together at the sight.

"Is it giving you any ideas?" Harry asked.

"It's not my thing nearly as much as it's theirs, but it is ever so fun to watch," Hermione replied.

Akeno conjured a leash and connected it to Luna's choker before urging her onward. The submissive blonde crawled towards the bed, her limbs shaking from excitement. Harry looked over at Hermione, noticing that she was watching the scene before them with dark eyes and parted lips, and grinned. Reaching over, he turned her around and leaned down to kiss her. Hermione deepened the kiss immediately, wrapping her arms around his neck and pushing her tongue into his mouth.

"Now, Luna, I want you to hold perfectly still," Akeno instructed as she finished pulling Luna so that she was bent over the bed, her thighs pressed against the mattress as her knees remained on the floor. "No matter what happens or how it feels, I need you to stay just like this. Can you do that?"

"Yes, Mistress," Luna replied, digging her fingers into the sheets in anticipation of what was coming.

Akeno unhooked the leash from Luna's choker and turned it into a riding crop. She ghosted the cool leather over the blonde's lily white skin, making her whimper.

"So sensitive," she cooed. "Hearing you react to me already only makes me want to really let loose."

"Please do," Luna begged.

"Hmm, I can't," Akeno admitted. "As a human, you're much less durable than I am. Once you've been made a devil, then we'll be able to see what you can really handle."

"I can't wait," Luna grinned.

"Mmm," Hermione moaned into Harry's mouth, the combination of his kiss and the downright pornographic scene playing out behind her making her cunt drool.

She grabbed her wand and pulled a nearby chair over to them, pushing Harry into it the second it was in reach. He let her push him, looking up at her in surprise and anticipation.

"What's going through that brilliant brain of yours?" he asked.

"I want to suck your cock," Hermione replied, "and I want you to do your best to keep your eyes on me instead of them while I do it."

"That shouldn't be difficult," Harry grinned. "They might be hot as hell, but I've dreamed of seeing you on your knees for me for years."

"Is that so?" Hermione smirked, undressing them both with a wave of her wand.

His long, incredibly thick cock pulsed with need, standing proud in the air, and the sight of it made her inner walls flutter. Harry looked down at her cunt, seeing how it glistened, and summoned her panties over from the pile of clothes she'd created wandlessly.

"Harry!" Hermione squeaked as he looked over the nearly transparent white cotton.

"So wet," he purred, bringing them to his face and inhaling deeply, feeling his cock throb at her scent. "Watching them turned you on so much?"

"You might have had something to do with it too, stud," Akeno laughed as Hermione's face reddened.

"Relax, love," Harry soothed. "You're among friends, and there's no place for shame at your desires here. Fuck, you smell good."

Hermione shuddered and lowered herself to her knees in front of him, taking his cock in hand and feeling it throb under her touch. There was a pearlescent drop of precum pooling at his tip, and she snaked her tongue out to collect it, shivering as he groaned in delight.

"You need a safeword," Akeno said. "Think of something that you'd never say in this context, and it will be what you tell me if things get too intense."

"Rutabega," Luna replied, making Akeno snort. "It's a thoroughly unsexy vegetable."

"Feel the leather on your skin, Luna," Akeno purred as she started brushing it over her again. "Focus on that gentle feelings."

"It's nice," Luna murmured.

"Soft, gentle touches like this increase your sensitivity for a time," Akeno continued, her voice soft and soothing, "so that when I do something like this…"

She trailed off and, exchanging the crop for a paddle, brought it down on Luna's left asscheek just hard enough to hurt without causing much damage, making her scream.

"...it feels so much stronger," Akeno finished.

"Fucking hells," Harry groaned as Hermione took the first few inches of his cock between her lips.

Hermione looked up at him, staring into his eyes as she started bobbing her head up and down on his shaft, being careful not to take him any further than she was comfortable with. She wanted to be able to deepthroat him someday and was working on suppressing her gag reflex with transfigured toys in private, but until she managed that, she wasn't going to even try with him. The last thing she wanted was to go too far before she was ready and make herself throw up. She honestly couldn't imagine anything more embarrassing than that.

Harry kept his focus on her, even as Luna's screams and the sound of her arse being paddled grew louder. The blonde wasn't saying much, probably because she was focused on holding as still as she could and didn't say anything even close to her safe word, so Hermione figured that she was good with it. The pleasure in Harry's eyes and his deep, masculine groans were intoxicating to her, and as she pulled back and started swirling her tongue around his glans, the way his legs shook made her moan. Knowing that she could have such an affect on him filled her with a sense of power she'd never known in her life.

"Fuck me, you're so bloody good at that," Harry moaned, his fingers lacing into her bushy curls.

Hermione hummed around the length, pleased by his praise, and reached down to fondle his large, full balls.

"Hmm, you're dripping wet, Luna," Akeno grinned devilishly. "Do you want to cum?"

"Please, Mistress," Luna replied, her voice strained.

"I have a challenge in mind for you," Akeno said. "I'm going to finger your delicious little pussy, and I want you to be a good girl and not cum. Can you be good for me?"

"Yes," Luna whimpered.

Akeno just grinned and pushed two fingers inside her soaking wet sex.

"Stop," Harry groaned, and Hermione pulled back, letting his cock slip from her lips with an audible pop.

"What's wrong?" she asked.

"Nothing; I just can't wait any longer to fuck you," Harry replied.

"Stay here," Hermione grinned, climbing into his lap. "I want to ride you."

Harry nodded, and she wrapped a hand around his slick cock. She had coated it thoroughly with saliva, and her pussy was dripping wet from the combination of sucking his cock and hearing Luna and Akeno go at it, so she knew she'd take him easily enough. Lifting herself up, she nestled his thick head between her soft folds, sighing at the feeling, and lowered herself down.

"Shit!" she cried as the head popped inside, still amazed by just how much he stretched her out.

She descended in one smooth motion, wanting every inch of him inside her hot, wet depths, and kissed him passionately as she moved. He returned the kiss eagerly, reaching down to cup her plump cheeks, and she immediately started bouncing on his cock. Behind her, she could hear Luna crying out, begging to cum, and Akeno laughing at her desperation.

"You're being so good so far," Akeno cooed. "I'm sure you can hold out longer and against more fingers."

"M...more?" Luna asked, moaning loudly as Akeno pushed a third finger inside her fluttering cunt.

She held still, giving Luna a moment to breathe, as she sensed that she was too close to her peak and delighted in how painfully desperate she sounded. She wasn't kidding before about wanting a lover of Luna's tastes. Rias was sex itself, and she adored her, but there wasn't a submissive bone in the redhead's body, and Harry was much the same. Submitting to them and letting them torture her until she came her brains out was a ton of fun, but she wanted to explore her more dominant and sadistic side as well, and Luna gave her a chance to do so outside of combat.

"Such a good girl," Akeno whispered in her ear before turning to eye Hermione and Harry behind them. "Hold out a little longer and you'll get one hell of a treat."

"O...okay," Luna whimpered, sounding barely cognizant of her surroundings at that point.

Hermione's hips were a blur as she rode Harry hard, desperately chasing her peak. When she felt him brush against a particularly sensitive spot inside her, she threw her head back and moaned, and he immediately took advantage of the opportunity to reach down and capture one of her pebbled nipples with his lips. She cried out in pleasure, rolling her hips even faster as she felt herself race towards a blistering climax.

"So good," Hermione moaned, "so bloody good."

"Took the words right out of my mouth," Harry whispered in her ear. "You feel amazing around me, baby."

"Swear your...fuck...your cock's in my stomach," Hermione moaned. "You're so damn big."

"And you take me so well," Harry murmured, nibbling on her earlobe. "It's like your pussy was made for me."

"You made it yours!" Hermione cried, feeling the coil of pressure deep in her belly grow even tighter. "You ruined me! Remade me! Reshaped...HARRY!"

She shrieked as she came, and Harry groaned, holding himself back with some effort as her tight heat spasmed around him. He stood up, holding her tight as he started fucking her in that new position. Her quivering cunt leaked all over the floor as he walked over to the bed, carefully placing her writhing body down next to Luna just as her orgasm began to peter out.

"Holy...shit," Hermione panted, gasping as Harry pulled his cock from her still fluttering depths.

"Please...cum...need...it," Luna whimpered, her whole sweat-slicked body shaking like a leaf as she held herself back from climax by sheer force of will.

"She gets like this when you really deny her," Harry chuckled, looking at Akeno. "It's so hot."

"No argument here," Akeno grinned, pulling her fingers from the blonde's soaking wet quim and licking them clean. "Luna, if you can hear me, you've done so well so far. All I want you to do now is hold yourself back until Harry's fully buried inside you, and you'll get that reward I mentioned."

"O...kay," Luna replied, still shaking badly.

"She's all yours, Harry," Akeno grinned, brushing Hermione's hair out of her face and looking into her glassy eyes.

"You're going to cum so hard," Harry whispered in Luna's ear, making her whimper.

He grabbed hold of her hips and lined himself up with pussy with practiced ease. Pushing forward, he felt her already quivering around his shaft and didn't know if she would actually last all the way to the final inch before she came. Akeno must have kept her hovering at the very edge of orgasm for several minutes now, and he was honestly impressed by her self-control, considering that it didn't appear that the devil had used any spells to hold her back. He buried inch after inch of his cock inside her slowly, reveling in the feeling of her.

"Go faster, please," Luna begged, sounding like she was nearly in tears. "I don't know how long I can hold on."

"If I do that, you probably will cum," Harry chuckled. "I know how much you like it hard."

"Fuck," Luna whimpered, clenching her fists around the sheets so hard that her knuckles turned white.

Harry continued on, burying more and more of his shaft inside her until finally, his hips were resting against her arse. He went to pull out sightly when Akeno held up a hand for him to stop.

"Stay still," she instructed. "Luna's done everything I've asked of her today and been so good that it's time I gave her her reward."

"What is it?" Harry asked.

"I've been playing around with my powers, specifically my control over lightning," Akeno replied, "and I found out that if I hold the faintest charge in my fingers, it makes them tingle, and if I increase it ever so slightly, they begin to buzz."

"Wait, wha...AHHHH!" Luna shrieked at the top of her lungs as Akeno pressed her fingers against her clit.

She came hard, squirting all around him and soaking the floor beneath them, but Harry barely noticed because he felt the odd buzzing as well. He had held on through Hermione's blowjob and her riding him, and had then buried himself to the hilt inside Luna's spasming depths, and normally that would have been fine, but in combination with whatever magic Akeno was working, it all proved to be too much, and he came. Groaning loudly, he braced himself on his hands on either side of the blonde as he started thrusting haphazardly, filling her to the brim with rope after rope of his thick cum.

"I'd say that worked well," Akeno giggled as Luna collapsed, barley conscious.

"Need to try that," Hermione sighed, looking over at the completely cumdrunk girl.

"Amaz...ing," Luna croaked.

"Fucking hell," Harry grunted as he pulled his cock from Luna's pussy.

"First time I tried it on myself, I blacked out," Akeno giggled, sitting next to him and running a hand over Luna's thigh.

Hermione grabbed a pillow from the bed and hugged it as she continued to bask in the afterglow of her own orgasm. Reaching over to Luna, she caressed her face softly, and the younger girl smiled in response, rolling onto her back.

"You're still hard," Akeno purred, tracing a finger up along the underside of Harry's shaft and bringing the combination of fluids to her lips. "It always takes so much to truly sate you."

"Considering what beautiful women I go to bed with, that's not entirely on me," Harry grinned.

"I want to try a new position," Akeno said. "Stand up."

"Okay," Harry shrugged, doing as she asked.

Akeno let her wings spring from her back and flew up before twirling around and moving backward towards him.

"You want me on the ground?" Harry asked.

"Mmhmm," Akeno replied, continuing to back herself up until her back was pressed against his chest. "Hook your arms around my knees and grab my head."

"Is this one from the kama sutra?" Luna asked.

"Probably not," Akeno replied. "I got it from hentai."

"What's that?" Luna asked, sitting up.

"Oh, Luna," Akeno giggled, "we have such sights to show you."

Luna reached down and scooped up some of the cum leaking from her gaping sex in her fingers before slurping it down. When she scooped up more, she looked to Hermione and asked, "Want some?"

A couple months ago, Hermione never would have imagined herself accepting the gift of Harry's semen from another girl's fingers, but nonetheless, she nodded and wrapped her lips around Luna's fingers, sucking the salty but surprisingly pleasant treat from them.

"Like this?" Harry asked as he grasped either side of her head.

"That's it," Akeno replied, reaching down with her magic to move Harry's cock into position before lowering herself down in one smooth motion. "Fuck, I'll never get used to your cock. This position is called the full nelson. I'm completely at your mercy like this."

"Not really," Harry thought to himself, well aware that she was stronger than him and could fly off at any moment. He knew what she wanted, though, and said, "My perfect little fucktoy."

"You know I am," Akeno moaned, "now use me like a toy. Tormenting Luna like that was so hot, I doubt it will take much to make me cum."

"Like you said, you're at my mercy," Harry grinned. "I'm not stopping until you beg me to or pass out, whichever comes first."

"Bold words," Akeno replied challengingly, and Harry started pulling a few inches of his cock from her pussy before thrusting back inside hard.

She cried out in pleasure, and he started fucking her, going rather slowly to start with to give himself a chance to get used to the new position. She kept her wings out but wasn't flying at all, and he was holding her up with nothing but his own strength. She wasn't heavy by any means; he'd have guessed between a hundred and fifteen and a hundred and twenty pounds, but this was still something that he knew he'd have struggled with mightily before he met Rias. He chuckled at the thought that this was an even better sign of his progress than managing to land a solid hit on the redhead in their earlier spar.

"Don't stop, don't stop!" Akeno cried, already sounding like she was close.

"I meant what I said, luv," Harry replied. "I want to see you squirt all over the floor just like Luna."

"You'll have to fuck her really hard then," Luna piped up, enjoying the show.

Hermione just laughed and snuggled up with the blonde.

"More, more, more!" Akeno screamed as he picked up his pace, more comfortable with the position.

He was fucking her hard and fast, his hips a blur as his cock pistoned in and out of her sopping pussy. Her large, heavy breasts swayed with his every thrust, slapping against her chest again and again. The sounds of that as well as the squelching of her creamy cunt were drowned out by her screams. In the position, he was able to thrust his length right against her g-spot on each thrust and reach deep enough to hit that spot deep inside her that never failed to make her see stars.

"Love your cock!" Akeno cried, shaking in his arms as she soared towards her peak.

Her arms flailed around, trying to grab onto something as the pleasure grew too intense, but she couldn't, being completely under his control, and that idea turned her on like nothing else. He maintained his hard, steady pace, knowing well that she was close, and when he heard cries reach an even higher pitch, he knew she was right at the edge.

"Be a good girl and cum for me," he whispered in her ear, and she screamed.

"YES!" Akeno squealed as she came hard, bucking and convulsing in his arms.

Harry grunted in exertion as she suddenly became harder to carry, and he tightened his hold on her, straining to hold her steady. As she continued to scream, her pleasure coursing through her entire body in waves, he never stopped fucking her or slowed down for a moment, determined to draw out her orgasm as much as possible.

When it finally ended and she went limp in his arms, he leaned in and whispered, "I wonder how many of those it's going to take to make you beg for mercy."

Akeno whimpered, though her ear-to-ear grin made it clear that she was eager to find out as he was.

*****

Fleur practically shook with rage as she surveyed her room, a bubblehead charm around her face the only thing that let her do so without her eyes watering. Some cochon had somehow managed to get in and let off so many dungbombs that it would take at least a day to get the smell out. Luckily for her, her trunk was so heavily enchanted that none of her things were affected by the prank, which was the only reason that nothing around her was on fire just then.

"I will find out oo did zis and deal wiz zem," Madam Maxime assured her.

It wasn't the first time that the giant woman had said so in the hours since she summoned Fleur to her own chambers to inform her of what had happened and go over what she could about the third task with her. The discussion had run long, and the two of them had ended up dining together.

"Better you do zan I," Fleur remarked darkly.

"Leave it wiz me," Maxime said flatly. "You do not need any distractions just now. Ze carriage is full, but I will find somewhere for you tonight."

"Do not bother," Fleur replied. When Maxime cocked an eyebrow, she added, "Zere is a room in ze castle where I can stay ze night."

"It's occupant isn't oo I zink it is, is it?" Maxime asked.

"I know rumors of my being spotted wiz 'Arry 'ave already spread," Fleur replied. "Rest assured, it will not interfere in ze tournament."

"If I zought it would, I would 'ave said something by now," Maxime chuckled. "I must warn you, zough, 'e is even more of a celebrity 'ere zan I imagined. If you do end up wishing to pursue a relationship wiz 'im, I 'ope you know what you'll be getting yourself into."

"I do," Fleur chuckled. "More zan you know."

"Well, zen I will see you tomorrow," Maxime sighed. As Fleur turned to leave, she added, "Oh, and Fleur, leave our little bomber to me."

"It's not 'e ruined my clothes," Fleur scowled.

Maxime chuckled at that, and Fleur left. The hour was late, and she feared for a moment that she'd have a run-in with that unpleasant squib man that the school kept around for reasons no one was quite clear on, but luckily she managed to miss him. The moving staircases still took some getting used to, and she shook her head at the sheer inanity of them, wondering how many students through the centuries had been late to class because of the blatantly inconvenient design choice. Soon enough, she was on the seventh floor, and though it looked like the door sitting across from the tapestry of the odd man teaching trolls to dance had disappeared, as she drew closer, she saw that it was still there.

Rubbing her eyes, she murmured, "I must be more tired zan I realized."

She hoped that they either hadn't started having sex yet or were between rounds. Interrupting them wouldn't exactly be ideal, given that she had only slept with one of them so far. The other two were attracted to her, and it was always possible that she could seduce her way into a foursome, something that would have helped immensely in getting her to forget the unfortunate evening, but she didn't want to presume. She did need a place to sleep, though, and hoped that that much wouldn't be that great of an imposition. Turning the door handle, she opened it a crack, and when she heard nothing but papers moving around, she furrowed her brow and went inside, going still at the sight that greeted her.

"What in ze world?" she wondered to herself as she looked around.

Far from the simple bedroom Harry had invited her into not long ago, the room before her was vast and stretched off to the right as far as the eye could see. To the left was a small corridor housing a square-shaped table with a significant pile of books on it. To the right appeared to be a large, vast library, but it was what was in front of her that was interesting. There were two doors, behind one of which, an orgy had to be going on.

The sheer amount of lust she felt billowing out from that room was breath-taking, and even more interesting than that were the people she could sense. Harry was there, of course, his masculine presence making her cunt ache with need. Luna and Hermione were as well, and so was someone she had yet to meet and yet whose essence she'd smelled all over Harry more than once.

"'Ow is 'e sneaking 'is other lovers in and out of the castle?" she wondered to herself, "And why such secrecy?"

The curiosity burned within her, as did her aching core. Harry hadn't fucked her since the night of the second task, and every inch of her yearned for him in a way she'd never experienced before in her life. She had to have him again, and as she felt her Veela nature get the better of her, she found herself walking towards the closed doors as if her body were moving of its own volition.

"Zis is wrong," she thought to herself as her palm rested on.

The need within her was too great, though, and without another thought, she threw the door open, gasping at what she beheld. Harry was holding a beautiful, dark-haired girl up in the most dominating sexual pose she'd ever seen. His strong arms were hooked around her thighs, pressing her back firmly against his chest. His large hands held her head, but it wasn't this that Fleur focused on, nor the look of absolute ecstasy on her screaming face. What drew her attention was the bat-like wings that sprung from her back, and there was only one thing that she could say as she realized just what it was Harry was fucking the daylights out of.

"What ze fuck?!" she exclaimed, drawing everyone's attention to her.

"Fleur?" Harry asked, poking his head around his devilish lover to stare at her in shock.

"Fleur?" Hermione asked wearily, raising her head up from Luna's chest just enough to look at her.

"Oh, hi," Luna sighed, smiling at her as she lay on her back, her legs spread wide and her gaping pussy on full display.

Fleur looked around at the sheer debauchery around her and wished that she could enjoy it more.

*****

"Bloody hell, digitizing all of this is going to kill me," Daniel groaned as he shut down his infuriating new computer.

"Well, should we survive, it will make things easier down the line," Charlotte drawled. "It is annoying missing Coronation Street for it, though."

"Spoiler alert, but what's-his-face slept with who's-her-name and his wife is going to be very cross when she finds out," Daniel quipped.

"Oh, bugger off," Charlotte muttered, chuckling softly as she flung a soft foam ball at her husband, earning a bark of laughter from him.

Daniel sighed in contentment as he looked at his wife, failing to recall a single moment with her in years as comfortably peaceful as that. They had a long way to go, he was sure, but for the first time in a long time, he felt like they weren't cruising towards catastrophe on autopilot.

"Well, let's head home," he murmured, standing up and grabbing his briefcase. "We can order takeaway and watch whatever's on the tele, so long as it isn't that dreadful car show. I don't know how you can stand it."

"Hey, it's gotten better in the last few years," Daniel argued. "The new chap's great, and the bloody show's practically an institution by now. It's been going on for nearly twenty years."

Charlotte said nothing.

Daniel helped her into her coat, put his own on, and opened the door for her, locking it behind him. The two of them walked quickly towards their car, neither one wanting to spend a moment longer in the chilly February air than they had to.

"Stupefy," a voice behind them muttered.

"Wha…" Daniel went to ask before his world went black.

He opened his eyes with a groan, looking around in confusion at the dark, cold room he was in. He noticed Charlotte slumped against a wall across from him, still unconscious, and tried to move towards her, only to find that he could barely move. His heart raced in his chest as he feared for a moment he'd been paralyzed, but he realized after a moment that he could still feel his body, even if it wouldn't obey him. That was around the same time that he realized there was a third person in the room.

"Xenophilius?" he wondered as he managed to make out who the man was.

Xenophilius' eyes widened in shock as he noticed him look at him.

Like him, it appeared that he could only move his eyes and eyelids. As his fear mounted at his situation, the door behind him opened, letting light in, and a man stepped inside. He wore long, dark robes and a cloak that covered his head and most of his face. He pulled it back as he stepped inside, revealing that he had shortish, brown hair, a pointed chin, and a longish nose that were rather distinct. His most noteworthy feature was also the most unsettling; his brown eyes were brimming with manic energy and had a glint of madness in them that made him instantly terrifying.

"Morning all," the man grinned, his voice full of both excitement and malice. "My lord requires bait for an enemy of his who stubbornly refuses to die, and the three of you are going to serve perfectly."

Daniel wished he could ask the man what the hell he was talking about, but he was still frozen, and as Charlotte woke up and looked instantly terrified, he realized from her silence that she was as well. He struggled helplessly against what could only be magical bindings, praying to a god he'd not spoken to in years that he and his wife would get out of this alive.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Jan 10, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Brawlingbard, Markuz Black, Fridrich and 380 others
voivode_writer
Dec 24, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 19 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Jan 7, 2025
Add bookmark
#409
Fleur took in the sight before her in shock. She had wondered why Harry seemed so insistent on keeping the identities of his other lovers a secret and had wondered how exactly he was able to see them at all while in Hogwarts, but never in her wildest dreams would she have imagined that they were devils. Closing the door behind her, she strode inside, myriad emotions swirling inside her. The devil impaled on Harry's cock flew off of him, giving her a clear view of his rock-hard, glistening shaft, and for a moment, everything thought in her mind disappeared in favor of sinking to her knees and burying that mammoth organ in her throat.

"Fleur, I…" Harry went to say.

"Devils?" Fleur breathed, her fists clenching. "You're fucking devils?"

"Very well," the raven-haired beauty sighed, "but then, I don't need to tell you that, huh?"

Fleur glared at her and noticed more than just her wings for the first time since she arrived. She was undeniably beautiful, with a gorgeous face and a curvaceous body made for sin. It was rare that the Veela, any Veela really, had reason to envy the looks of another woman, but as Fleur stared at her massive, gravity-defying tits, she felt the unfamiliar sensation well inside her.

"Akeno, could you not?" Harry sighed.

"Fleur, I had my reservations at first too, but Akeno and Rias are both really sweet, and they care about Harry a lot," Hermione said.

"If anyone learned that you were associating with devils, you can't imagine what would come of it," Fleur hissed. "Do you 'ave any idea 'ow 'ard it was for Veela to gain any measure of acceptance from ze wizarding community because of our purported connection to zem? My ancestors los...are zey why you're so oddly powerful?"

"Fleur, you might want to sit down," Luna offered, sending a chair her way slowly with a wave of her wand.

Fleur just glared at the chair before looking back at Harry, who sighed and said, "Fleur, you know how I was entered into the tournament. I wanted nothing to do with it, got forced into it, and when I learned that the first task was going to pit me against a dragon, I was sure that I was going to die in it. I summoned Rias the first time because I wanted a way to survive to it; that was all, and I ended up finding so much more."

"What price did you pay?" Fleur asked. "Is your soul even your own?"

"We don't do that anymore," Akeno murmured.

"Rias was engaged to a man she wanted nothing to do with and asked me to take her virginity to get her out of it," Harry replied, and Fleur just blinked at him.

She looked around the room at the others, seeking some clue that that was a joke, and when she received nothing but looks of confirmation, her jaw dropped.

"Seriously?" she asked.

"Yeah, I...agh!" Harry cried as a sudden burning pain erupted in his scar.

"Harry?" Hermione asked, instantly concerned.

"I think Voldemort wants...ugh...to talk," Harry groaned.

"Voldemort?" Fleur asked, confused, but he didn't hear her.

With his occlumency training, his nemesis couldn't just send him messages through their soul link, as he figured that he might have been able to otherwise, but he could knock on the proverbial door between them. Harry sank back into his mindscape and relaxed his defenses just enough to see what the old lunatic wanted.

Looking around the room, he saw Xenophilius Lovegood as well as Daniel and Charlotte Granger and felt his blood run cold. They were staring up at him in horror, each one looking rather rough as they were bound on the ground.

"A great deal of work went into finding you two," Voldemort said softly, looking at the Grangers. "I hope you're enjoying your accommodations."

Daniel struggled against his bindings, making Voldemort and Crouch both laugh.

"You'll be here for some time," the dark lord continued, "at least until Harry Potter presents himself alone. I sincerely hope for your sake that he does show up alone, because if my devoted servants see any hint of the aurors, well, it won't end well for you."

"Oh God," Harry muttered in horror as he opened his eyes.

"What's wrong?" Akeno asked, wincing.

"Voldemort...he…" Harry struggled to get out the words, looking over at Hermione and Luna and knowing that he was about to devastate them both.

"I zought zis Voldemort was dead," Fleur said, confused.

"He was just defeated," Hermione replied, "and now he's back and after Harry. That's another reason why he reached out to the devils."

"What's happened?" Luna asked, her silver eyes brimming with concern at how Harry was acting.

"He...he has your parents," Harry finally said, looking down as Hermione and Luna both paled and cried out in horror.

"What?" Hermione croaked, her eyes filling with tears. "How?"

"I don't know," Harry replied, shaking his head. "He wants me to present myself to him. He showed me the room he was in and a piece of parchment with an address. I think it's an abandoned country house in Yorkshire."

"We must call ze aurors," Fleur mumbled, the perilous situation driving away all of her anger over Harry's devil connections for the moment. "Surely zey…"

"He said he'd kill them if he saw any aurors," Harry shook his head.

"Harry, please," Luna begged, shaking with fear.

Harry looked down into her watery silver eyes and swallowed thickly around the lump in his throat.

"I'm going after them," he promised. "If that son of a bitch wants a fight, he'll get one."

"'Arry, you are incredibly powerful for a fourth year, but you're no match for someone like 'im," Fleur reasoned.

"I won't be going alone," Harry replied, pulling another summoning paper from his mokeskin pouch. "Rias Gremory."

A crimson ritual circle appeared on the floor, and as Fleur watched with wide eyes, a figure materialized in it almost immediately. Her hair matched the ritual circle, and she was somehow even more beautiful than Akeno. She was also very, very naked, wearing nothing but a shower cap and a film of bubbles.

"Harry, I said I was busy tonight," Rias complained, glaring at him. "I just managed to get into the bubbleba...what's wrong?"

"I need your help," Harry replied. "Fleur, I need to put a pin in this conversation for now."

"Of course," Fleur replied. "I'll stay with 'Ermione and Luna. Ze 'ole reason I came by tonight is zat I can't stay in my quarters."

"Thank you," Harry nodded.

With a wave of her hand, Rias cleaned both her body and his and clothed them as well.

"What's wrong?" she asked.

"Voldemort has my daddy," Luna replied, looking terrified.

"My parents as well," Hermione added, not looking much better.

Fleur sat down and wrapped her arms around them both, holding their trembling forms comfortingly.

"Fuck," Rias muttered under her breath. "You know where they are?"

"I have a rough idea and someone I can question," Harry replied. "Take me to York, and we'll figure it out from there."

"We'll do everything we can to get them back safely," Rias assured Hermione and Luna.

"Yeah, we will," Akeno added.

Neither one of them wanted to make a promise they couldn't keep, and they were thankful that no one called them out on it.

*****

"Where are they?" Harry growled at an amused-looking Voldemort inside his mindscape, not at all trusting that the other him had been honest.

"I can't say for sure," he grinned.

"Guess then," Harry commanded.

"They are likely in the place I showed you, and I don't know anything specific about it if that's what you're wondering," Voldemort replied. "Your initial assumption is correct, by the way. The English countryside has its share of empty, isolated manor homes that I could make use of for something like this. Such places are easy to lay traps in, and they're so far removed from anything of importance that they greatly reduce the number of other variables that can complicate such plans."

Harry ground his teeth together. It hadn't been likely that Voldemort would know anything about the address.

"Poor Potter, finally realizing just what you're up against," Voldemort crowed. "They're going to die, you know? And they'll be just the first. Your devil allies might even the scales between us, but you'll still get everyone you care for killed opposing me, just like your parents."

"Shut the fuck up!" Harry roared, and Voldemort just smirked at him.

He mimed the image of a key turning in his lips and sat back. A piece of parchment and quill appeared before him, and he scrawled something down before showing him.

There's something you should know.

"Speak," Harry hissed.

"I wasn't lying just now," Voldemort continued. "Your parents did die because of you."

"What?" Harry asked.

"You were my target that Halloween night, not them," Voldemort grinned. "There is a prophecy in play between us, one which states that you are a threat to me. I sought to end that threat early and met my end at whatever it is that your mother did. She died because of you, as did your father, as will your friends' parents, and in time, everyone you love will die as well."

Harry gasped as he opened his eyes, forcing himself out of his mindscape and away from the monster trapped there. The soul shard was enslaved to his will and had to obey his orders, but clearly, he wasn't incapable of acting against him. Unnerving him before a fight like this was one of few ways that the horcrux could strike against him, and if Harry hadn't developed the occlumency skills that he had, it might have worked.

Unfortunately for Voldemort, Harry had taken his advice and dedicated a lot of time over the last little while to mastering the art, and he made great use of it just then. Forcing his emotions away, he considered the situation he was in. He wasn't yet a match for Voldemort, but together with Rias and Akeno, he'd hopefully be able to overwhelm him and put him down. From there it would be a matter of taking down whoever else he brought with him, and he felt far better about taking on the various death eaters he might face.

"I found it," Rias announced as she landed on the rooftop of the apartment building they'd chosen to make use of to stay out of sight. "It's about five miles north of here and right where the map said it would be. There's something you should know, though."

"What?" Harry asked.

"I didn't sense anyone there powerful enough to be noteworthy," Rias replied.

"He's not there?" Akeno asked.

"I don't think so," Rias replied.

"Interesting," Harry muttered, scratching his chin. "If Voldemort's not there, I want you to focus on finding Xenophiliius and the Grangers."

"Are you sure?" Rias asked.

"I am," Harry replied. "I'm a match for most of his followers at this point, and Akeno will be more than enough backup as is. Bringing you as well will be overkill, and I want those three rescued as quickly as possible."

"Alright," Rias nodded. She gave Akeno a pointed look, and the dark-haired woman nodded.

With nothing left to say, the three of them flew off, with Rias leading the way towards the country house Voldemort had decided to use for his trap. As they landed in front of it, all three of them made themselves invisible.

"Hominum Revelio," Harry cast quietly, and he looked at the relatively small estate. "There are five of them, one of whom is very big. I think it might be Greyback."

"Who?" Akeno asked.

"A werewolf," Harry replied, "and a particularly terrible one at that."

"Do you still want me to focus on looking for Hermione's and Luna's parents?" Rias asked.

"Yes," Harry replied. "I'm not sensing them yet, but they're probably beyond the range of the spell. Search for them and let me know if you find anything. In the meantime, Akeno, remain invisible and don't enter the fray unless it looks like I need help or ask for you."

"You have something in mind?" Akeno asked.

"Yes," Harry replied.

"Good luck," Rias whispered, kissing him softly.

She flew off and let herself in quietly through one of the upper-floor windows while Harry made his way towards the front door. To his surprise, there weren't any magical traps set, and he undid his disillusionment charm as he opened the door.

"Harry Potter," a grinning man with dark, crazy-looking eyes crowed. "We've been expecting you."

"Junior," Harry replied, smiling as he saw the madman's left eye twitch. "You're looking better than you did the last time we met."

He recognized the man from Voldemort's memory, and he had seen enough images of his followers to recognize the rest as well, but even if he hadn't, he'd have instantly known the man standing a step behind the others. Peter Pettigrew looked mildly less wretched than he had the last time he saw him, and his beady eyes widened as he got a good look at him. Alongside those two were Greyback, as he'd thought, as well as Walden Macnair and Thorfinn Rowle.

Macnair was going to be a problem, given that he actively worked for the ministry, but he'd figure out how best to deal with that later.

"I really don't miss the peg leg," Crouch chuckled.

"Potter, you're bigger than Crouch described," Greyback rumbled, grinning malevolently at him. "Think you might resist us? I could use a good fight."

"He won't," Crouch said. "We have your girlfriends' parents, Potter. Surrender yourself, and they'll be released."

"An interesting offer," Harry murmured. "Here's my counter: release them now, and I won't slaughter you all like dogs. No offense."

That last comment was directed at Greyback, who barked a laugh in response. The others swiftly joined in, save for Pettigrew, who took a step back, looking frightened.

"Harry?" he asked and Harry was pleased to see that at least one of them recognized that they were in danger.

"If you want a fight, you'll get one," Crouch grinned, "but that didn't work out so well for you last time."

"You have me there," Harry admitted, slipping his wand into his hand behind his back and silently transfiguring a light switch behind Rowle into a pointed blade, "but then, I've learned a few things since. Depulso!"

The yellow light shot from his wand like a rocket and slammed into the completely unsuspecting Rowle, sending the muscular blond man hurtling backward. He slammed into the wall, being impaled straight through the heart, and barely had time to cry out before he was dealt the fatal blow. None of them were expecting such sudden violence from him, and Harry had time to stun Pettigrew and point his wand at the floor before any of them thought to respond.

"Tenebris nebula," he cast, jumping out of the way of bone-breaker Crouch sent his way.

The entire first floor of the manor was filled with thick, dark fog, completely obscuring their vision, and he took advantage of the confusion to fly up to the ceiling. Transfiguring a chair he caught sight of before everything went dark into a vaguely humanoid shape, he animated it, placed a compulsion charm on it to make people more likely to chase it, and sent it running out of the room.

"After him!" Crouch shouted, tearing off after the running chair, followed quickly by Macnair.

He flew up the stairs and grinned when he noticed Greyback following him quickly.

"You might have fooled the others with whatever you lured them out with, but my senses are far keener," the werewolf chuckled.

"And yet you didn't alert the others," Harry pointed out as he landed.

"They'd have gotten in the way," Greyback growled as he stepped out of the black fog and into the second-floor hallway.

He was a large man, easily six and a half feet tall, and very well muscled. Practically the opposite of Lupin, he was a creature who, rather than fighting against the monster inside him, had embraced it long ago and it showed. He looked half-transformed already, his face covered in hair save for his nose and the space around his eyes. His eyes were amber and shone with palpable malice. This was a creature who reveled in savagery and who saw it as his purpose in life. He was exactly the kind of beast that Voldemort was happy to make use of.

"I wondered if there might be more to you than Crouch claimed when you showed up," Greyback continued. "You had the eyes of a killer, and you proved that well enough down there."

"Where are they keeping the prisoners?" Harry asked. "You want to fight; I'll fight you, but…"

Greyback laughed loudly and said, "You're not negotiating here, Potter. I'm going to enjoy this, and then I'm going to give what's left of you to the dark lord."

"Worth a shot," Harry murmured. Glancing to the side for a second, he saw that the moon was half-full and smiled at that. Greyback's reputation was such that he was sure this would be quite the fight either way, but given the choice, he'd much rather fight him untransformed.

No sooner had that thought occurred to him than the man in front of him jerked forward and grunted. Harry's eyes widened as he saw Greyback's fur thicken and turn grey and he didn't hesitate to raise his wand.

"Ossus fragmen," he hissed, sending the bone-breaker right towards the werewolf's head.

Greyback tossed his well-worn black robe in front of the spell, catching it, and shot across the room with blinding speed, his claws ready to tear Harry apart. He flew to the side and watched as Greyback crashed through the door behind him, landing in an empty bedroom. He transfigured the bedframe into a metal lion and had it attack Greyback. The werewolf met the challenge with a deranged snarl, grappling it aside.

"Fulmin," Harry cast, shooting a bolt of lightning at Greyback's back.

The wolf sensed it coming and flipped over, tossing the transfigured lion into the path of the bolt. Harry growled as it went down and cast expulso at it, blowing up his own creation and sending shards of metal everywhere. He flew out of the way, but Greyback wasn't so lucky, and Harry grinned as he heard the wolf roar in pain. That grin disappeared a moment later as he rushed out of the room, bleeding from wounds that quickly sealed and glaring murderously at him.

"Not bad," Greyback snarled.

"You can speak like that?" Harry asked. The wolf wasn't perfectly comprehensible, but compared to Lupin, who barely had any command of his own faculties without wolfsbane, it was incredible.

"I've fully embraced what I am, boy," Greyback grinned, raising onto his hind legs. "I can transform when I want and my mind is my own no matter my form. The wolf and I are one mind."

"There's no man left, you mean," Harry muttered.

"What is a man but prey?" Greyback snarled.

He launched himself at Harry again and the wizard grunted, diving right out of the way of his claws. He hit Greyback with a banishing charm, sending him flying down the hallway and took a moment to think. Akeno was waiting nearby, he knew, ready to step in if he asked or if she felt she needed to, but he wanted to win this one on his own if he could. The other two would eventually figure out that they weren't chasing him, though, and he needed to deal with him before that if he was going to at all.

Greyback charged him again, and he decided to change tactics. Conjuring an oil slick, he watched the wolf slip on it and was momentarily tempted to light him on fire, but he didn't want to have to have to deal with it while he was still unsure as to where his girlfriends' parents were being kept and took advantage of the opportunity to hit him a bone-breaker instead. Greyback growled in pain as it struck his left leg but didn't even slow down, and Harry was forced to dodge again, narrowing avoiding the beast's razor-sharp claws.

"How the fuck can you fly?" he asked in frustration.

"How the fuck do your bones knit back together?" Harry countered, strafing aside as Greyback launched himself at him.

The wolf crashed through the wall, and Harry immediately sent a jet of water after him. The smell of wet dog permeated the air, and he knew that he'd struck true.

As Greyback ripped the door off, he pointed his wand and cast, "Glacius."

Greyback cried out as the wave of wet, icy wind froze the water covering him at once, and Harry kept it up, trying to freeze him in place so he could get a solid hit on him. Once it looked like he was too cold to move, Harry sent another lightning bolt at him, only for his eyes to widen in shock as Greyback tore out of his icy bindings and rolled out of the way. When he launched himself at him again, Harry tore a section of the wall out and moved it into place. Greyback smashed through it headfirst and looked momentarily woozy.

"Avada Kedavra," Harry hissed, done playing around.

Greyback's eyes widened in fear for the first time since they began, and he barely dodged out of the way.

"The balls on you," he grunted, diving into the bedroom Harry had torn a wall away from as Harry followed up with an overpowered severing curse that sliced clean through the rubble behind him. "You're already tiring, boy. You have the spells and you have the will to kill, but you lack the stamina. You're going to slip up, and I'm going to taste your flesh."

"Tenebris nebula," Harry hissed, and the entire floor was engulfed by pitch black fog.

"That didn't work before," Greyback snarled, leaping at him.

Harry pulled the rubble of the destroyed wall over to crash into the werewolf and flew off as he was momentarily knocked down. Greyback was annoying fast, perilously strong, and could heal from minor damage with ease. He should have struck him with a killing curse when he slipped in the oil, but he still wasn't thinking in terms of swiftly putting people down, and that had cost him the opportunity. He'd get an earful later, he was sure, but seeing as Akeno hadn't stepped in yet, she clearly still thought that he could deal with his foe.

Rushing into the first bedroom, he came across an endtable and got an idea. Transfiguring it into a human shape as he had with the chair downstairs, he wrapped his cloak around it and sent it running out towards the staircase. The sound of someone crashing into another person echoed through the hallway a moment later, and he heard Greyback roar in triumph.

"Like I said, boy, a single slip up was all it was going to take," the werewolf laughed before sinking his teeth into the fake body.

Harry considered killing him outright, but as he sensed the wolf hold still for a moment, another thought occurred to him that made him nearly laugh. Pointing his wand at the wolf's right leg, he silently cast a spell he'd seen used only once and yet the effects of which he knew all too well. It struck true, and as he heard Greyback grunt in shock, he dispelled his fog and struck his other leg with the same spell.

"What did you do?!" Greyback cried, transforming back quickly as he looked down in horror at his boneless legs.

"Let no one say I learned nothing from Lockhart," Harry chuckled, looking down at his paraplegic foe. Taking advantage of his shock, he conjured a pair of silver spikes and sent them flying through both of his shoulders.

"AHH!" Greyback screamed in pain. Glaring balefully at Harry, he snarled, "I'm going to tear you limb from limb."

"That would be difficult without any working ones of your own," Harry replied with a grin. "You can come out now, Akeno."

"Six out of ten," Akeno murmured. "You were a little sloppy at points and should have killed him early on, when you got the chance, but you took down a fairly powerful opponent without suffering an injury, so that earned you an extra point."

"What the fuck?" Greyback asked, struggling in vain against the silver spikes.

"I asked you to stay out of this, but I know how much you like causing pain and I'd like you to be the one to finish him off," Harry offered. "He's a terrible person who deserves the worst you can do to him."

"You're saying he's been a bad dog?" Akeno asked, grinning.

"The worst," Harry chuckled. "Don't make it quick."

"I never do if I can help it," Akeno replied.

"Have fun," Harry said, kissing her and flying downstairs.

"What the fuck?" Greyback asked again. Akeno's purple eyes shone with sadistic glee as she stared down at him, and when a pair of bat-like wings sprung from her back, the wolf's eyes widened. "A devil? Wait, I…"

Whatever he was going to say was cut off by the wave of electricity that barreled into his body. As Greyback's screams tore through the air, Akeno thought to herself, "How could I not love a man who gives me such thoughtful gifts?"

*****

Terrible screams echoed through the manor just as Crouch finally caught up with what he thought was Potter. He stunned it and when that stunner just bounced off, he finally realized that he'd been fooled and lobbed a blasting curse at it, blowing it to pieces. With the fake Potter destroyed, the urge to chase it dissipated and he was able to think clearly enough again to dispel the darkness charm.

"Is that fucking Greyback?" Macnair asked, sounding terrified.

"How is this possible?" Crouch wondered to himself.

"You said Potter was weak!" Macnair snarled, shoving him.

Crouch backhanded him hard enough to knock him down and hissed, "He was weak."

"Avada Kedavra," Harry cast coldly, and Crouch could only watch as the beam of green light hit his fellow death eater, killing him instantly. "I suppose I was."

"How are you this powerful?" Crouch asked, his voice demanding as he raised his wand.

"It's like I told you before, Crouch," Harry murmured, walking into the room. "I was entered into a dangerous tournament against my will by some asshole and felt the need to start training seriously."

"This is more than the result of mere training," Crouch spat. "You found a teacher, someone other than Dumbledore, because there's no way that he'd teach you to fight like this. Who is it?"

"You wouldn't believe me if I told you," Harry chuckled. "Now, I think it's high time we had a rematch."

"You've dreamed of this day since the last time, haven't you?" Crouch asked, grinning malevolently.

"You have no idea," Harry grinned as they began circling each other.

"This is all your fault, you realize?" Crouch asked. "Your blood was the key to resurrecting my Lord, and I got it because you confronted me as foolishly as you did. Everything that's happened today has been because of you."

"Where is your master anyway?" Harry asked. "Too afraid to face the one who beat him as a baby?"

"My master fears not even death, Potter," Crouch spat. "He entrusted me with the task of capturing you while he handled something far more important. Just now he leads an assault on Azkaban, which will see his most loyal followers freed."

"What?" Harry asked, a chill going down his spine at the thought of the likes of the Lestranges going free.

"Yet another thing that's all your fault," Crouch grinned. "Ossus fragmen."

He aimed the curse at Harry's leg, and he sidestepped it, only to catch the tail end of a cutting charm in his right bicep. He grunted as he sent a nearby table hurtling at Crouch, forcing to him to jump aside.

As he landed, Harry cast, "Ruptura."

Crouch's eyes widened as he saw the purple beam of the organ-burning curse coming his way and barely managed to shield against it. The fight began in earnest as the two of them started hurling more and more dangerous spells at each other. The death eater held back to begin with, still aware that Voldemort wanted Harry alive and afraid of his master's wrath, but as Harry continued sending bone-breakers, blood-boilers, organ-rupturers, and other similarly dark and dangerous spells his way, his restraint slowly slipped away.

Harry felt ecstatic as the two of them tore the room apart, trying to kill each other. With him having suppressed all of his fear about the reason he was there in the first place completely, he could focus entirely on what he was doing, and the difference between this and their first fight was night and day. He still had a long way to go to become truly powerful, but he could clash with highly skilled opponents like this now and not just hold own but beat them back.

What he couldn't shield against or swat away, he dodged, remaining on the ground for now, as Crouch didn't know that he could fly. He gave as good as he got, and when Crouch just barely failed to leap out of the way of his latest bone-breaking curse, catching it in a couple of his toes, he couldn't help but laugh out loud.

"Crucio!" Crouch shouted, leaning more on his good leg as pain lanced up the other one.

Harry conjured a metal shield and caught the unforgivable on it before banishing it straight at him. Crouch ducked under the shield, and Harry sent a silent blasting hex with it. It hit the wall right behind him right after the shield did, and the resulting explosion knocked him to the ground.

"Accio Crouch's wands," Harry hissed, and three of the bloody things were summoned into his hand.

He summoned Macnair's wand for good measure and stared down at his fallen foe, who looked up at him in shock.

"You'll never defeat my lord, Potter," Crouch spat, "just like you couldn't save your whores' parents."

"What?" Harry asked, feeling his heart lurch.

"It's true," Rias murmured as she materialized next to him. "I didn't want to tell you while you were fighting, but they were gone before we got here."

"They died because of...ugh," Crouch gurgled as he was utterly covered in the oil that Harry conjured.

He soaked the area around the Death Eater with water and sent a small spark at his prone form, setting him alight. Crouch screamed in agony as he was engulfed by the flames, and Harry turned around, leaning on the nearest wall. His best friends were orphans, and it was all his…

He swallowed that thought and all others as he leaned fully on his occlumency. He fed all of his thoughts and feelings into the inky void of nothingness at the center of his mind and forced himself to look at the situation completely clinically.

"Harry, I…" Rias went to say as Akeno joined them.

"Not now," Harry cut her off. "Make sure he dies and destroy every hint of his body once he's dead. I have a plan."

In truth, he had the barest inkling of a plan, but that was enough for the moment. Stripped of all emotion, he could look objectively at what had happened to Hermione and Luna, and that made his next move obvious. They were orphans, and they needed a guardian lest the Ministry, infested as it was by Death Eaters, step in. There weren't many options that he could lean on.

The Weasleys were poor, and though he could pay them easily, it might still be possible for the ministry to block any effort on their part. Even if Fleur's issues with Rias and Akeno could be assuaged, he didn't know her nearly well enough to say that her family would be an option either, even with her parents remaining grateful to him because of Gabrielle and the second task. Without them, he truly didn't have any options save for one, and that option was going to need some work on his part. Luckily, he had all that he needed for that work in the manor, and the best part was that if he pulled off what he had in mind, the ministry was going to owe said option greatly.

"Ennervate, petrificus totalus," he cast on Pettigrew, and he smiled as he saw the rat man's beady eyes widen in terror. "The others are all dead, Peter and you would be joining them if I didn't need something from you."

Wormtail shivered in fear, just about the most movement he was capable of under the effect of Harry's spell.

"I could have done this while you were stunned, but I wanted you to see it," Harry continued. "Years from now, as you reflect on your situation, I want you to know that it was me; that I did it to you. Imperio."

*****

"This is always a terribly somber day," Cornelius Fudge intoned, "and even so many years later, the anniversary weighs on us all. Those lost on Black Wednesday will always be remembered, for they made the ultimate sacrifice in the defense of all we hold dear."

Lucius Malfoy sat among the reporters who were barely paying attention to the minister as he droned on outside the memorial plaque in the Ministry Atrium. On this day back in '78, the Death Eaters dealt the auror force of the day the heaviest blow it suffered during the entire war. Eighteen aurors were struck down in the surprise assault, only managing to slay three Death Eaters in the process. It was a crippling blow for Bagnold's government and a gloriously triumphant day for the Dark Lord's forces.

He always had to fight to keep a grin off of his face when he attended these annual wreath-laying ceremonies. He had led the assault himself, earning his way into Lord Voldemort's inner circle in the process. His father, Abraxas, had been one of their lord's original followers, one of his Knights of Walpurgis, as they were known then, and had greatly enjoyed his favor. Earning his father's place at his lord's side had been one of the proudest moments of his life. Being able to sit in the small crowd, free as can be, and watch this memorial ceremony every year amused him greatly. He could practically hear Amelia Bones grinding her teeth behind him.

"We continue to honor their sacrifice, free as we are from the horrors of those days, which are now firmly behind us…" Fudge continued.

"Are they?" a sniveling voice piped up from behind the crowd of reporters.

"Sir, I would thank you to wait until the end to ask questions," Fudge replied, managing to keep most of his annoyance out of his voice. "As I was…"

"Those days have returned," the man said, throwing off his cloak, and walking forward.

"Pettigrew?" Lucius asked mentally, his eyes widening as he saw just who had interrupted the minister.

"Peter Pettigrew?" Amelia asked, just as annoyingly good at remembering faces as ever.

"Pettigrew?" one of the reporters asked, a question echoed by the others.

"Now, see here…" Fudge blustered.

"I am Peter Pettigrew," Peter declared. "I betrayed James and Lily Potter to the dark lord back in 81 and framed Sirius Black for that crime and the murders of a dozen muggles later that year."

"What the hell are you doing?" Lucius raged, looking around at the others and cursing as he saw them all hanging on the rat's every word, stunned into silence.

He would have liked nothing more than to strike the fool down just then, but that would raise more questions than anything. He saw Fudge pale as Delores Umbridge scowled at the short, disheveled-looking man.

"I cut off my finger and slipped into the sewers before the aurors showed up that night using my unregistered animagus form," Pettigrew continued, turning into a rat and back before the flashing cameras.

"I don't know who this obvious fraudster is, but he is denegrating the memory of a pure-blood murder victim, and he must be stopped," Umbridge said in that saccharine voice she put on. "Aurors, arrest him."

"Where did you hide all this time?" Amelia asked, motioning for her men to ignore that, "And why come here now?"

"Barty Crouch Junior escaped from Azkaban with the help of his father and somehow found me," Pettigrew replied. "He forced me and a few men to abduct and murder Xenophilius Lovegood and the parents of Harry Potter's mudblood friend to try and lure him out of Hogwarts. He wished to sacrifice Potter to resurrect our lord, but he never took the bait, and in his rage, Crouch tried to kill us all for our failure. I barely escaped and heard as I did that he planned to attack Azkaban to try and free the Death Eaters held there. He's mad, and if you don't arrest me and lock me up somewhere he can't get me, he's going to kill me. Please protect me from him, and I'll tell you everything I know."

Lucius' jaw dropped, and his grip on the silver handle of his cane grew so tight that his knuckles turned white. He didn't know what madness had overtaken the rat, but he swore if he ever got his hands on him, he'd make the revolting man wish that their lord had been the one to sieze him instead.

"I think that this farce has gone on long enough," Fudge muttered. "Aurors, arrest whoever this is and take him to a holding cell. Once his polyjuice has worn off, we'll get to the bottom of who he is and why he's seen fit to…"

"Ma'am, ma'am!" Kingsley Shacklebolt exclaimed as he rushed in, making a beeline for Amelia.

He whispered something in her ear that made her eyes widen in shock, and before the reporters could ask what was going on, Pettigrew took the opportunity to answer them.

"He struck the prison, didn't he?" the rat asked, looking terrified. "Oh, Merlin, he's going to kill us all!"

One of the aurors finally stunned him, but the damage was done. Pandemonium rained as the reporters all shouted, nearly in unison, demanding answers. Choosing this of all days to break the Death Eaters out of Azkaban had been Lucius' idea, one that his lord found terribly amusing. Thanks to Pettigrew's stunt, though, it was only going to be part of the story every paper in the country wrote about the next morning. As he watched the aurors take him away, he turned to see Fudge turning green as the full extent of the disaster sank in for him and sighed.

"Tearing the rat apart can wait," he thought to himself. "For now, I need to focus on limiting the fallout from his stupidity."

Blaming Crouch was a bizarre choice on Pettigrew's part, and he eagerly awaited some explanation from the man in question about what had gone so wrong with Potter, but even that wasn't his first priority. He needed to make sure that Fudge managed to bury this quickly, lest legitimate questions about Black's guilt begin to emerge in the press. He had a lot riding on the man dying without a legitimate heir, and he would be damned if he was going to let a sudden bout of madness on Peter Pettigrew's part get in the way of it.

*****

Harry felt Wormtail lose consciousness and pulled back, looking out at the empty field he, Rias, and Akeno had landed in as he set about apparating the rat to the phone booth that served as the entrance to the ministry. He had planned to just have him make a big stink in the middle of the atrium until the aurors took him in, hoping that word would spread from there, and never imagined that he'd have the good fortune of being able to interrupt a press conference. Of course, that was the only good fortune he'd had that day.

"It's done," he muttered. "Pettigrew's been arrested and will be questioned soon enough. The aurors will find the bodies and go from there."

"That spell doesn't have to be recast periodically?" Akeno asked.

"No," Harry replied. "I'll maintain control of him until I let it go or die. I'll let him go once he's safely locked up after his trial."

"Are you ready to go back?" Rias asked softly.

"How could anyone be ready for this?" Harry asked. "How can anyone ready themselves to tear their best friends' worlds apart?"

"We'll be there," Akeno promised.

"We're here for you," Rias added, "all of you."

Harry swallowed thickly and steeled himself for what he was about to do before nodding. Rias teleported the three of them back to the room, where he found Hermione and Luna waiting for him with Fleur. They had gotten dressed, and Hermione was pacing back and forth while Luna just sat on the bed, leaning into the Veela's embrace. Her silver eyes sought him eagerly as soon as he appeared, and one look at his face made her go pale as a sheet.

"Harry, thank goodness," Hermione breathed. "Were they there? Did you…"

"I'm so sorry," Harry whispered, unable to get more sound out than that.

"N...no," Hermione stammered, stepping back. "No, NO!"

She fell to her knees, screaming and sobbing, and he rushed to wrap his arms around her. She struggled away from him, but he pulled her back in, and she buried her face in the crook of his neck, crying uncontrollably.

"Luna!" Fleur exclaimed, and Harry looked over to see that she'd passed out.

Akeno flew to her to make sure she was alright, while Rias joined him with Hermione. The next couple hours passed in a haze to Harry, who tried in vain to comfort his grieving lovers. The aurors woke Pettigrew up during it and questioned him, allowing Harry to give them the address. To his surprise, they actually spared a couple men to check out the crime scene, and soon enough, Fawkes popped into the Room carrying a note from Dumbledore.

Seeing as you and your friends are nowhere to be found, I imagine that you are in the chamber for some reason. I need to see Miss Lovegood and Miss Granger immediately. Something has happened.

"The aurors are here," he whispered, holding a sobbing Luna and a practically catatonic Hermione as they sat on the bed together.

Fleur had her arms wrapped around the three of them, and had been singing softly off and on for the better part of the last hour, trying to comfort them the only way she really could. Fawkes began trilling in tune with her, landing on her shoulder and adding his own magical song.

"Apparently the phoenixes don't hold the Veela's origins against them," Harry thought to himself.

"If you don't want to see them, you don't have to," he murmured.

"They'll search the castle for us if we don't show up," Hermione said listlessly. "Think about it."

"She's right," Rias concurred. "You three being missing after what you had Pettigrew tell the aurors would be cause for alarm."

"Fawkes, could you take us to Dumbledore?" Harry asked. "Fleur, you can stay here tonight. I won't be sleeping anyway."

"I can go with you if you want," Fleur offered, figuring she wouldn't be getting much sleep anyway.

"N...no," Luna whimpered. "It's...oka…"

She trailed off crying, and Harry pulled her in tighter, wishing more than anything else that he could take away her pain even for a moment.

"We'll stay here for a little while," Rias said, and Fleur stiffened before sighing and relaxing.

"Alright," Harry nodded before turning to Fawkes, who whisked them away in a flash of fire.

"I'm telling you, John, Fawkes would have returned by now if he hadn't found them," Dumbledore said.

Dawlish just grumbled, his nerves on edge after what he'd seen at Azkaban and the sight of the massacre he'd been sent to investigate. He joined the aurors right after the dark lord was defeated back in '81, and had been a student in the years leading up to it. He'd heard countless horror stories from those days, but he'd never seen anything that approached them. The things he saw that night were worse than anything he'd come across in his career, and it had rattled him more than he'd ever admit. When a fireball erupted next to him, he nearly stunned it, only lowering his wand once he saw the unmistakable sight of Potter's scar.

"You've...heard then," he deduced at once upon seeing the state of Potter's friends. "How?"

"Crouch sent us a howler detailing what he'd done," Harry lied.

"And you didn't contact us?" Dawlish asked incredulously, only to wince as the blonde's crying grew louder.

"We all respond to grief in different ways," Dumbledore interjected. "I take it the howler destroyed itself?"

"Yes," Harry replied.

"Then you've done your duty, John," Dumbledore said pointedly. "I'll take things from here."

"Right, of course," Dawlish replied stiffly. "We'll reach out tomorrow to discuss matters further."

He grabbed a handful of floo powder and disappeared through Dumbledore's fireplace, leaving the four of them alone. The headmaster reached into his desk and pulled out two small vials of purple liquid.

"I'm so sorry for your losses," he said softly. Holding out the vials, he explained, "These are dreamless sleep potions, and I'd strongly advise that you take them tonight, Miss Granger, Miss Lovegood."

"Thanks," Hermione said numbly, taking the potion and downing it without hesitation before sitting down in one of the wooden chairs Dumbledore kept in his office and promptly passing out.

Luna didn't even notice, still clinging to Harry and crying into his shoulder. He took the vial and brought it close, saying, "Do you want the potion, Luna?"

"I want Daddy," Luna wept, and Harry took a deep breath, focusing on his occlumency to keep from losing control.

They needed him to be strong, and he was not about to fall apart in front of them just then. He uncorked the potion and brought it to Luna's lips, letting a breath go when she accepted it. He felt her go limp and carried her to a chair to rest in.

"I'll have them brought to the hospital wing and put to bed," Dumbledore sighed. "I take it you saw a vision of the aftermath of Tom's evil?"

"He was eager to show me," Harry replied. "I think it's time we tell the ministry the truth."

"Amelia Bones should be informed, but not the ministry as a whole," Dumbledore countered. "I have been working quietly to increase the aurors' budget and make it easier for them to operate going forward. I've been spinning it to the minister as an appropriate response to the incident at the World Cup and our own trouble here, and he's accepted that well enough. He wouldn't believe me if I told him of Tom's return without proof, and a neutral Fudge is more useful to us than an obstinate one. We might not have to deal with him for much longer, though. Did Tom send you any other visions?"

"He's really angry about something just now," Harry replied, rubbing his scar.

"Harry, Peter Pettigrew turned himself in to the aurors a couple hours ago," Dumbledore explained. "He confessed to betraying your parents, framing Sirius, and being part of the group that murdered Xenophilius and the Grangers earlier. He claims that Barty Crouch Junior went mad after you failed to show up and tried to kill the others there."

"That's...odd," Harry murmured. "I guess Fudge is up a creek just now."

Dumbledore furrowing his brow at that and looked keenly at him. "I just told you that your parents' betrayer is in custody and that your godfather may well go free as a consequence. You've learned occlumency."

"I have," Harry replied, though it wasn't a question. "It's just about the only thing holding me together right now."

"That doesn't work forever, you know," Dumbledore murmured sadly. "Sooner or later, you will feel what you're holding yourself back from."

"Then I'll deal with it then," Harry scowled.

"You've gained remarkable proficiency considering that you can't have been learning it for long," Dumbledore prodded.

"Crouch suggested it before the first task, probably trying to get me to waste my time so I'd die more easily in it, and gave me a few lessons," Harry lied. The dead man was becoming a very valuable asset to him. "To be honest, it seemed to come to me almost naturally, feeling like something that I'd already learned somehow."

Dumbledore was an old, wise, and very capable wizard who had spent decades in politics. He was likely a very good poker player too, but he couldn't keep his piercing blue eyes from flicking up to Harry's scar for a moment, and that was all the confirmation that he needed.

"He does know, or at least suspect, that I'm a horcrux," Harry thought to himself.

He had wondered if the old man knew and just hadn't been able to find a solution in all these years, and gaining new reason to think so only further confirmed his choice to turn to the devils for help.

"You've shown a remarkable aptitude in multiple fields over the years," Dumbledore murmured, "and the progress you've made over the past five months has been very impressive. I always suspected that you'd go far if you applied yourself a little more."

"I wonder what frightful progress I might have made if I'd done so from the start," Harry snarked. He looked at Luna's and Hermione's sleeping forms then and sighed, saying, "How am I going to help them through this? You'd think I'd be the ideal person to do so, but I have only a single memory of either of my parents. I know what it's like to miss them, but I don't know what it's like to lose them."

"They're going to need your support, your patience, and whatever comfort you can give them," Dumbledore replied sadly. "I've lost more than you can imagine in my long life and known countless others who suffered losses as well. The best advice I can give you is to not push them. The coming days and weeks are going to be very difficult, and the best you can do is be there for them in whatever capacity you can. The pain of such losses never truly goes away, but it's sting does lessen with time."

He looked at his sleeping friends again and felt rage well up within him. They weren't going to suffer alone; he would make certain of that, both because he was going to help them through this however he could and because he wasn't going to rest until he'd butchered every last Death Eater.

"We wouldn't be in this position if they'd all been killed after Voldemort fell," he thought to himself darkly. "Showing them mercy was a mistake and a weakness, and I will not be so weak."

*****

Lord Voldemort scowled at the sight of the empty manor home hours later. The night should have been an absolute triumph, with his most loyal followers returned, to him and Harry Potter delivered for execution. Crouch's plan was sound, helped by the intel they'd been given about Potter's friends, and with the particular Death Eaters sent with him, it should have been easy. Crouch, Rowle, and Macnair alone should have been enough to bring the boy in, while Greyback was there to tear apart anyone he brought with him, and Pettigrew was there to infuriate him and make him slip up.

Just thinking of the diminutive traitor made him murderously livid. The rat would beg for death before long, something that he would be denied for months. Somehow, Potter, or some ally of his, had frightened him enough to make him flee to the aurors for help. Given that they'd killed Greyback of all creatures, he couldn't say that he was entirely surprised about that, but it wouldn't lessen his punishment at all.

The auror force was stretched thin that night, between the chaos he'd caused as Azkaban and this. They were keeping a small force of aurors there to ensure that no one else got out, further straining their limited resources. Due to this, there were only a couple aurors still looking around the crime scene, and the dark lord quickly stunned them. Killing them would have been child's play, but it also would have been unwise. Better to alter their memories later and let them go on, unaware that he'd even been there.

With his path cleared, he glided in and was immediately taken aback by what he saw. There was a massive bloodstain on the far wall of the foyer and another on the floor beneath, where it had clearly pooled.

"This wasn't Dumbledore's doing," he murmured to himself, drawing his wand. "Loqui mortis."

He hissed the incantation of the necromantic charm and watched as the shade of Thorfinn Rowle manifested before him. It was unmistakably the shape of the tall, well-built man, made of dark smoke. The shade summoning charm was one of the most basic applications of necromancy. It allowed the caster to summon forth a manifested memory of the final moment of a living soul. He used to amuse himself in his youth by visiting muggle battlefields and casting it at will so that he could revel in the agony of the dying.

Before his eyes, Rowle was thrust back against the wall and impaled on some kind of blade that was no longer there. Voldemort examined the wall more closely and noticed that the light switch had been removed.

"So he quietly transfigured the light switch into a blade and banished Rowle into it before they even drew their wands," Voldemort surmised. "Clever, and most certainly not something that the old fool would have taught him, but was this Potter's doing or someone else?"

He banished the shade and continued onward. He could detect no further magic through the next few rooms, but that soon changed as he entered one that had clearly been the sight of another death. It was in ruins, with spell damage littered across the room and the smell of burning flesh clung to the walls like paint. Even if it hadn't, the burn mark on the floor would have been unmistakable.

Voldemort looked around the room, noticing remarkably little blood splatter for such a vicious-looking duel. Whoever had fought in here had been smart enough to vanish their blood afterward so it couldn't be used against them. When he came across a sizable splotch on the floor, he knew that they hadn't just missed something so obvious and recognized the mark for what it was. When someone was struck instantly dead and fell forward, they often landed on their face and broke their nose. The heart stopped beating, so not much blood pumped out, but enough always oozed out to leave a mark like that.

"Loqui mortis," he hissed and watched as Macnair was struck in the back by a spell that slew him instantly. "The killing curse too? Just what have you become, Potter, or allied with?"

He cast the spell again and watched Crouch writhe about the floor in agony, his lips open in a silent scream until they burned off. That more than anything was proof that Potter had dramatically distanced himself from Dumbledore. This wasn't like watching the old man fight. Albus Dumbledore was magical poetry in motion when he drew his wand, a fiery juggernaut of raw power that even he was wary of tangling with directly, but he wasn't like this.

This was the work of someone more than willing to fight brutally and put down his enemies without hesitation. Dumbledore always held himself back from such things, clearly thinking himself above it. He'd never light a man on fire and watch him burn like that. The more that Voldemort investigated the scene, the more uncomfortably similar what he saw became to his own fighting style. He shook his head and scowled as he dismissed the shades and left the room. He had accounted for all of his Death Eaters, but there was one more figure he wanted to see the final moments of.

"Nothing down here, even in the room where Crouch and Macnair were killed, looks damaged enough to have been the sight of Greyback fighting," Voldemort murmured to himself.

He didn't go with the others to the sitting room he'd just been in and didn't die with Rowle, which meant that Potter managed to separate them somehow. If anything, that added to his theory that his prophesied nemesis was working with someone else, someone exceedingly powerful.

"Who, though?" he wondered. "There are a handful of wizards and witches in the world on my level, and none of them fit the profile of what I've seen tonight. Ecaterina Mikhailova might be dark enough to slaughter like this, but she'd never help Potter for any reason and rarely leaves her tower in Siberia. Dumbledore's out, as is that pacifist fool, Balogh."

An unsettling thought occurred to him just then as he flew up the stairs to investigate the second floor. There were very few witches or wizards who could be conceivably helping Potter grow stronger, but that didn't mean that there weren't other entities out there that he could have turned to.

"The angels would never help a magic wielder, but the fallen or even the devils could, to say nothing of the gods," he thought to himself.

The second floor was disaster zone, exactly what he'd have expected from an indoor setting that Greyback fought in, and yet it was right by the steps that the beast had clearly died.

"Loqui mortis," he cast again, and he was immediately greeted by the sight of Greyback convulsing as he was tortured to death.

His first thought was the cruciatus curse, but further examination showed that he'd been electrocuted.

"Curious," Voldemort mused, banishing the shade.

Waving his wand around as though conducting an orchestra, he wove a series of complex diagnostic charms over the area, trying to pick up on what exactly had been used to kill the powerful werewolf. He picked up on a spell meant to vanish bone and conjuration of some kind and then finally found traces of the continuous stream of lightning that had ended him. He could practically smell the ozone and would have appreciated such a painful way to end a life if it hadn't been used on one of his most valuable assets. He continued investigating, trying to see exactly what spell had been used when he sensed something that sent a chill down his spine.

"No," he whispered to himself, ending his spells at once and flying downstairs.

He disillusioned himself, altered the memories of the aurors, and woke them before flying off. After landing a safe distance away, he disapparated and reappeared outside Malfoy Manor.

"My lord, you'll be pleased to know that, although they will be weak for some time, the prisoners will…" Malfoy went to say.

"Silence," Voldemort hissed. "Follow me."

"Yes, my lord," Lucius replied dutifully as he followed after him.

"Abraxas kept a particular rare tome in here," Voldemort murmured as he entered the Malfoy library. "It was a treatise written by a wizard in the fifteenth century about the various gods and other higher creatures he managed to summon and commune with."

"Conversations With the Divine," Malfoy nodded. "It's right here."

He summoned the tome in question, and Voldemort snatched it out of the air unceremoniously.

"Check on the others," he commanded.

Smart enough to realize that his master clearly wanted to be alone, Lucius simply nodded and left, not being surprised in the slightest when the door slammed shut behind him.

"I know that particular magical signature," Voldemort mused aloud as he flipped through the pages of the book. "This idiot clearly described what the particular entity's power felt like, and I can't remember which one it was. It wasn't Zeus or Thor, though."

He continued flipping through pages, his eyes scanning each one quickly as he dismissed them. The tome wasn't in alphabetical order, alas, though he doubted it would have helped him if it were. He had always been reluctant in the extreme to get close to angels, devils, or anything else of that nature. He abhorred the idea of serving another and wasn't nearly arrogant enough to think that he was the equal of some of the most powerful beings out there. That had always rankled him, but he knew that it would take centuries to reach such a level and was content to just stay out of their way until then. He had researched them a fair bit in his youth, though, and was certain that the being he sensed earlier was written of in this particular book.

"This is it," he breathed as he settled on the correct page.

He read through it, growing more and more concerned as he did. He didn't know how Potter had managed to gain the allegiance of such a being, but it fit. Crouch described a boy with great potential that he was just beginning to tap into back in December, and mere months later, he was able to crush not just Crouch but him and a pair of his more capable Death Eaters as well? That didn't make sense, and he knew that his enemy had to be getting help from someone. The site of Greyback's death confirmed it, though.

"Potter's in league with the Fallen Angel general, Baraqiel," Voldemort shuddered, sitting down.

That wasn't just bad; it was catastrophic. Such a being was beyond him, as much as it irritated him to admit it, and having him tied to the one who was prophesied to defeat him was terrifying.

"Alright, think, what could Potter have offered him?" Voldemort thought to himself. "Could the Potters have some artifact of importance to the angels in their possession? If so, I would have expected James Potter to have made use of it instead."

He wracked his brain, trying to think of anything Potter could have that would interest someone like Baraqiel, and came up short. He needed to know more, and that was going to require more research than he could do inside the Malfoy's library. If Potter could call on a general-class fallen angel, he didn't particularly want to be in Britain just then anyway. Moving his newly freed Death Eaters in their condition would be irritating, but he had no choice. There was only one person he could turn to who could be of help in this matter, and as he looked at the world map on the far wall, he knew where he needed to go next.

"I do so hope that he's still alive," he murmured to himself as his eyes found the city of Hamburg on the map.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Jan 8, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:ZealJD, Brawlingbard, Markuz Black and 408 others
voivode_writer
Jan 7, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 20
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Jan 21, 2025
Add bookmark
#445
Harry sat at the Gryffindor table the next morning practically radiating murderous intent. He'd gone up to his dorm after helping see Hermione and Luna to the hospital wing beds that Dumbledore thought it best to keep them in for the night, spending his first night there in some time.

As he came down the next morning, he was faced with an inevitable consequence of how he'd decided to handle the situation. The front page of the Daily Prophet that morning featured a large moving picture of Pettigrew turning into a rat and back with a full account of all that he's spoken of when he interrupted Fudge's press conference. The details about the murders of Hermione's and Luna's parents were buried among everything else, and far greater prominence was given to the disastrous situation in Azkaban, but it was still there, and while he hated the fact that it was only going to hurt his friends further, he knew that the story was going to get out anyway, and they all needed Sirius freed just then.

More than a few people at the table looked like they desperately wanted to ask him questions, particularly the Weasleys for reasons that were obvious, but no one who had looked at him and seen how plainly livid he was had tried to bother him yet. It would, he imagined, take a particularly stupid and oblivious person to go anywhere near someone as visibly angry as he was that day.

Draco Malfoy had gone to bed the previous night feeling great. According to his father, the Dark Lord had very much appreciated the information that he passed on to him and had enacted a plan to lure out and deal with Potter once and for all. The wretched little half-blood had strutted around the school for years at that point, doing whatever he pleased and getting away with it. The only professor who saw him for what he was was his head of house, and what he could do about it was severely limited. Seeing him in the tournament was an outrage, and the fact that he not only survived the first two tasks but was actually in the lead after them was further proof of the ridiculous special treatment he got because of that stupid scar on his face.

He had gone to bed giddy at the idea of finally being rid of his rival once and for all, and it had taken only one glance at the Daily Prophet that morning to utterly ruin his mood. How in the world had they managed to successfully abduct that dingbat and the mudblood's parents and not get Potter? If they had just been killed, he'd have assumed that Potter was too cowardly to go after them, but the result was far worse. He didn't believe for a moment that Bartemius Crouch Junior had done what the paper suggested. He was one of their lord's most loyal followers, after all. That meant that Potter had somehow managed to get someone's help since there was no way the overrated half-blood could have killed frigging Greyback of all things, and that left him both annoyed and confused. His annoyance was only amplified when he found Potter seated at his usual spot among the Gryffindors as though nothing had happened.

"Dragons, merpeople, and now this?" he thought to himself, grinding his teeth as he walked over to the Slytherin table. "How lucky can one guy get?"

"You seen the paper yet?" Theodore Nott murmured as Draco sat down.

"I did," he mumbled under his breath. "I'd love to know what actually happened."

"As would we all," Theo replied. "I haven't seen Potter without Granger and Lovegood for months now. They've seemed even closer than the pair of them and Weasley were prior to the tournament, but more than that, everyone's giving him a wide berth."

"I wonder if they blame him," Draco mused.

His father had intimated that they'd be making use of his information about where Granger's parents lived, as well as Potter's new association with Lovegood for their plan. His takeaway from that was that they had something planned that would involve using the girls' parents as bait, and that was still possible. Had they lured all three of them away from the castle, and only Potter got away? Grinning to himself, he stood up.

"Are you sure that's wise?" Theo asked.

"Yeah, Potter looks...angry," Crabbe piped up.

"I'm aware," Draco smirked, making his way over to the Gryffindor table.

A few of them glared at him as he approached, but he paid them no mind, sitting down right next to Potter.

"Did the loony bitch and the mudblood finally tire of your disfigured face?" he asked, smirking.

"Malfoy, piss off," Ron spat.

"One," Harry grumbled.

"Only one of them?" Draco asked, undeterred. "I'm going to guess it was Lovegood. She might be utterly cracked, but she's still a pureblood. So where's Granger?"

"Two," Harry grumbled, carefully forming a wordless, wandless spell inside his mind.

He envisioned a strong, tight fist closing around Malfoy's tie, focusing on it intently, and charged that mental image with his magic. Wandless magic was something that Voldemort only ever used when he wanted to show off. It took incredible concentration and focus and was so slow that using it in combat was rarely a good idea.

"Malfoy, bugger off back to your own table," Cormac McLaggen groaned. "It's too early in the morning for this shit."

"I just wanted to check in because I noticed two prominent students missing from their normal spots," Draco chuckled. "After that dreadful news in the paper, I wonder if they've finally realized, like Weasley did, that associating with you just isn't worth it."

"That's it!" Ron hissed, jumping to his feet.

"Three," Harry muttered, and, with his hands both plainly visible on the table, he cast the spell.

Draco's face was slammed forcefully into the table with a thunderous crack, shattering his nose. He screeched in pain as his blood sprayed all over the table and was silenced when his face slammed into the table twice more.

"Potter!" Snape barked, rushing down towards them just as he tossed the unconscious blonde backward, letting him fall off of the table. "Fifty points from Gryffindor!"

"Whatever for?" Harry asked, forcing himself not to wince as he saw how green Lavender had turned at the sight of so much blood.

"Assault on another student," Snape replied.

"My hands were both on the table, neither one holding my wand, as anyone here can attest," Harry defended himself with a slight smile.

"I'm sure they can," Snape spat, kneeling down to see just how bad off Malfoy was. "You'll be in detention with me every night for the next month."

"No," Harry hissed, and though the rest of the table reacted angrily to Snape's punishment, they all heard him and went silent as the dour professor's eyes first widened and then narrowed.

Glaring at Harry, he growled, "I think you've forgotten how things work around here."

"That waste of space sat down here, pissed everyone off, and then slammed his face into the table," Harry spat. "If you want to assign detention to someone because a thousand years of inbreeding finally caught up with him, give it to him or, better yet, serve it yourself!"

You could have heard a pin drop in the great hall just then, and as Professor McGonagall, arriving at that moment with the Headmaster, noticed the commotion and went to intervene. Snape glared at Harry, who met his glare openly, looking him right in his dark, furious eyes.

"You're just like your father, Potter," Snape spat. "You might think that the rules don't apply to you, but I assure you, you're wrong."

"What in the world is going on here?" McGonagall asked, her eyes widening as she looked down on Malfoy's unconscious form and bloodied face.

"I'm happy to be compared to my father," Harry said, his eyes still trained on Snape. "Even without a single memory of him, I'm sure he was twice the man you are."

Snape's right eye twitched, and his hand twitched towards his robes, presumably moving to his wand. Harry's own wand was in his sleeve, carefully concealed inside the holster he kept strapped to his wrist, and part of him hoped in that moment that the professor would actually draw his. He'd killed a half-dozen arseholes by now. What would one more really mean?

The potions professor stayed his hand, but his blood still thundered in his veins as fury consumed him, and, with Potter staring into his eyes, he didn't hesitate to peer inside his mind. Harry felt the legilimency probe hit and had to fight to keep the grin off of his face. Allowing Snape in unimpeded, he did as he'd done with the horcrux not long ago and carefully led him inside along a prepared path, picking up on the surface thoughts of the unsuspecting man along the way.

"Lily's beautiful eyes are the only part of her James' wretched son got," Snape thought to himself as he tried to look around Harry's mind to find out what exactly he'd done to Draco. "I don't know what would be worse, having him as he is, practically his father's clone, or having him look more like her."

"Oh, so that's why he hates me so much," Harry thought to himself, snickering mentally at the idea that a simple unrequited crush had caused such intense and lasting hatred in the petty prick. Still, it did give him an idea.

Leading Snape further into his mind, he focused on doing something that he was still trying to get a full grasp of from Voldemort. Creating false memories was difficult, and unless one was an absolute master of Occlumency, any memory lasting more than a few seconds would usually present some kind of sign that it wasn't real. The one he had in mind, though, didn't need to last very long at all.

Snape barreled into the first actual memory he'd found in Potter's bizarrely labyrinthine mind and furrowed his brow as he saw the boy as a baby lying in his crib and staring up at a spinning mobile featuring little wooden stars and broomsticks. He recalled all too well what Potter's bedroom in the family's home at Godric's Hollow had looked like, and it wasn't that. Before he could question anything further, though, he heard something in the distance that made him go still.

"Harder, harder!" Lily moaned. "Oh fuck, James!"

"Ahh!" Snape screamed, feeling like he was going to be sick and desperately trying to get out of the memory.

The man's pain and panic gave Harry the perfect opportunity to turn the tables on him, and he lashed out swiftly. Following the man back into his own mind, he chuckled at his ingenuity. He had but a single memory of his mother's voice: the moment where she frantically begged Voldemort to spare him. It was a horrifying memory, brought up courtesy of the Dementors last year, and he hated the fact that it was all that he had of her, but it suited his needs just then perfectly.

He was sure he'd feel bad and probably nauseous about crafting such a false memory later, but it did its job and allowed him to peer into Snape's mind as he was momentarily debilitated. He followed the entwined mental threads of Lily and pain as he looked around the man's mind and took a look at the memory that those ideas were most closely associated with.

"No, no, no!" Snape sobbed, cradling Lily's dead body in his arms.

"What the fuck?" Harry thought to himself.

"What have I done?!" Snape cried. "I'm so sorry, Lily, I'm so sorry."

He kept repeating that over and over, weeping loudly as his whole body shook with his obvious grief. Harry watched the display in muted shock and felt a pit in his stomach at the sight of his mother's body. This was one of Snape's worst memories from what he could feel, and the entire moment was wrapped in palpable self-loathing and guilt. As he felt the man finally realize what he was doing and try to expel him, he lashed out mentally and moved to follow the train of thought to the source of the guilt.

"You asked for a private audience, Severus," Voldemort hissed, seated on what looked like a throne and peering down at the genuflecting man. "I hope for your sake that this isn't a waste of my time."

"It isn't, my lord," Snape replied. "I overheard something yesterday that you're going to want to know about. Dumbledore was witness to a prophecy being given that spoke of one coming with the power to defeat a Dark Lord."

Snape paused then and tensed. He knew that he had no choice but to bring such news to his Lord, but doing so came with its share of risks, as more than one Death Eater had suffered terribly for suggesting that the man they served could have any such weaknesses. Voldemort tensed, his crimson eyes narrowing, and he was silent for a few seconds before responding.

"Tell me every word you heard," his Lord commanded. "Leave nothing ou..."

Harry was thrown out of Snape's mind just then, but from the look in the man's dark eyes, he knew it was too late. His wand flew into his hand almost of its own accord, and the Slytherins who had been approaching them just then all went still as his aura flared chaotically, enraged beyond reason.

"It was you!?" Harry bellowed, the tip of his holly wand glowing bright green. "You're why they died!?"

Snape drew his own wand with impressive speed, and he wasn't the only one who did so, but just as quickly as he drew it, both it and Harry's wand flew out of their hands, landing in Dumbledore's outstretched palm. The old wizard didn't look like the kind, genial old man that they all knew just then, as his piercing blue eyes glowed with power. His presence filled the great hall then, making every person in the room pause and look at him. In that moment, no one could deny that this was the wizard who brought down Grindelwald, the only mortal alive whom Voldemort had ever feared.

"Wands away, all of you," he commanded. As they all obeyed, he continued, saying, "Mister Potter, Severus, my office; Poppy, see to Mister Malfoy; and Minerva, keep an eye on things here."

"If you're certain," McGonagall replied.

"Already on it," Pomfrey muttered, pausing as she saw the state Malfoy was in. "Dear me."

Harry grabbed his things and marched towards the headmaster's office, so angry he could barely breathe. He had spent four years being tormented by the man who sicked Voldemort on his parents, something that Dumbledore surely knew about and just allowed to happen. Snape spoke the password as they reached the familiar gargoyle, but Harry didn't hear it over the blood rushing in his ears.

"Severus, perhaps it would be best if you waited here for a moment," Dumbledore said softly.

"Albus, I...alright," Snape sighed at the look the older man gave him.

Harry walked upstairs, wanting nothing more than to tear something apart, and Fawkes squawked at the sight of him. The firebird flamed over instantly and landed on his shoulder, trilling calmingly and nuzzling his head against his temple.

"He seemed to have taken a liking to you," Dumbledore murmured as he sat down.

"Did you know?" Harry asked, unable to get more than a whisper out just then.

"I did," Dumbledore replied sadly.

"Why?!" Harry shuddered, angry tears filling his eyes.

"Voldemort's greatest weakness is, as I have said before, love," Dumbledore replied. "He fundamentally cannot understand it, and that makes him prone to terrible mistakes. When Severus told him of the part of the prophecy he overheard, he did not know that it referred to you, and when he learned as much, he was horrified."

"So he was happy to condemn an entire family to death until he learned that it contained someone he used to like?" Harry spat.

"He came to me when he learned the truth and begged me to save her," Dumbledore replied. "My reaction to him then was much like yours."

"I sincerely doubt that," Harry hissed, and Dumbledore's eyes narrowed.

"Your anger at Severus is understandable, but don't think that I am your enemy, Harry," he said softly.

"No, you just bring my enemies here," Harry spat. "How can you justify having a man who once served that monster teaching children? If one can call what he does teaching."

"This gets back to what I was saying before about love being Voldemort's weakness," Dumbledore replied. "He never could have fathomed that he created a terrible enemy by going after your family because he couldn't fathom how Severus felt about Lily. They were friends in their youth, having met before they came here, and despite being in different houses and of different blood statuses, they remained so for years. They did drift apart eventually, but Severus never stopped caring for her and aside from you there is no one in the castle more devoted to ending Voldemort than he is."

"You're certain about that?" Harry asked, his eyes narrowing.

"As certain as I've ever been about anything," Dumbledore replied emphatically. "I never accepted that Tom was gone for good and always feared that he would return. With him back, I need eyes and ears in his inner circle, and Severus will serve as such."

"And when he's dead?" Harry asked.

Dumbledore just sighed and replied, asking, "Does he seem particularly happy here?"

Harry closed his eyes and let out a shuddering breath. He was still angrier than he could remember being in his life, even angrier than he'd been when he heard that Sirius betrayed his parents last year, but Fawke's soothing songs and Dumbledore's words had muted some of it. Objectively he knew that having a spy in the enemy's camp was a good thing and that blasting Snape's still-beating heart all the way into the lake as he wanted to just then would be detrimental, but he wanted to so badly. If he hadn't told Voldemort about the prophecy, the monster might never have come for his family, and he might have actually grown up with his parents instead of the Dursleys.

There was plenty of blame to go around there, though, and the lion's share of it still rested with the man who had actually killed them. Voldemort had to die, and he would, once Harry finished off his final horcrux and put him down for good. Until then, he might just have to tolerate Snape's continuing existence, no matter how much bile rose in his throat at the thought.

"How long have you been practicing occlumency now?" Dumbledore asked, changing the subject.

"Crouch suggested it just before the first task," Harry lied, adding to what he'd said the previous night. "Again, I assume it was to waste my time, and he gave me a couple rudimentary lessons. I continued trying to learn it after he fled and actually picked it up surprisingly well."

"Severus is an accomplished legilimens," Dumbledore murmured. "For you to have not just pushed him out of your mind but followed him into his own suggests that you are far more advanced than I expected. Your skills have grown by leaps and bounds this year."

"Amazing what happens when one applies oneself," Harry replied neutrally.

"A lesson that I wish all of your peers could learn," Dumbledore chuckled. "With your permission, I'd like to test your defenses myself. You should learn the contents of the prophecy, but only if I can be sure that Tom could not pluck them from your mind."

"He already knows it, though," Harry pointed out, confused.

"Only half of it," Dumbledore replied.

That, he didn't know, and it meant that his plans to simply force the horcrux to cough it up wouldn't work.

"By all means," Harry drawled. "Nice to actually be asked this time."

"I'll be having a word with Severus about that," Dumbledore promised, before drawing his knotted wand. "Legilimens."

Harry felt the headmaster's mental probe hit him and grunted as he focused on holding him at bay. His lessons with the horcrux had readied him to face an opponent this powerful, but that didn't make it any more pleasant. Dumbledore's approach wasn't quite as brute force as Voldemort's, as once the initial attack failed, rather than trying to wear him down through sheer power, he changed tactics. Using a touch of finesse, the old man sought an opening and projected feelings of anger and guilt to try and take advantage of how he felt just then.

Harry recognized the attempt for what it was and tried his favorite method of dealing with legilimency attacks, leading his attacker inside along harmless pathways. Dumbledore quickly figured out what he was doing, though, and pulled back at once.

"Remarkable," the old man murmured. "You're that proficient after just a few months?"

"Like I said, it came oddly easily for me," Harry replied.

Dumbledore closed his eyes and took a deep breath before replying, saying, "Unless they reach a similar level of proficiency to your own at occlumency, none of your friends can know the exact wording of the prophecy. I cannot overstate how critical it is that we deny Tom the remainder of it."

"Why?" Harry asked. "Does it really just lay out how I'm to beat him?"

"Not as such, but denying one's enemy information is usually a good idea," Dumbledore replied. He recited the prophecy then from memory, and Harry grew more and more confused over the course of it.

"How much of it did Snape overhear?" Harry asked.

"The first half," Dumbledore replied. "Enough to know that his fated enemy would be born at the end of July to parents who had defied him three times. There were two such candidates: yourself and Mister Longbottom, and in the end, Tom chose to believe it was you, a half-blood just like himself."

"Lucky me," Harry hissed sarcastically. "Do you have any idea what 'the power he knows not' might be?"

"Love," Dumbledore replied simply. "As I said, Voldemort's inability to comprehend it is his greatest weakness, and, conversely, I think your ability to love, despite all that you have suffered through the years, is your greatest strength."

There might actually be something to that, considering that two of the women he loved were going to help him tear the man's followers new arseholes soon enough.

"I already informed Miss Granger and Miss Lovegood that they were excused from their classes today in light of everything that's happened," Dumbledore said, changing the subject again.

"I imagine Hermione looked like you'd just expelled her," Harry muttered, wishing he could be as amused by that as he would have been normally.

"Miss Granger did not take me up on my offer," Dumbledore replied. "I would extend the same one to you, though. Take the day off and try to come to terms with everything."

Harry just nodded, happy for the out.

"Now, as for the matter of your punishment..." Dumbledore continued.

"I have a lot of witnesses who can affirm that I was unarmed when Malfoy was attacked, if he was," Harry cut him off, "and as for our illustrious potions professor, I can't imagine that using legilimency on someone without their consent or ministry approval is entirely legal…"

"You drew your wand on a professor, Harry," Dumbledore said dryly. "I cannot have that go without at least the appearance of punishment. Given the...extenuating circumstances, I'll reduce it to two simple detentions, to be served this Friday and next in my office. There are a number of things we should go over regarding Voldemort, and that will provide an easy opportunity."

A petty part of him wanted to argue even that, but he knew that he was being let off easy and why.

"Very well," he murmured. "Presumably Madam Bones will want a word with Hermione and I in the near future about what happened last year, given what's been published in the Prophet. Let Fudge write it off as confounding now."

"Cornelius is in a very difficult position," Dumbledore confirmed. "He couldn't keep word of what happened at his disastrous press conference out of the papers because there were a few international reporters there."

"Why?" Harry asked.

"He was going to speak very briefly about an agreement he's worked out with the Portuguese ministry to help each other deal with any incidents involving figures like Voldemort down the line," Dumbledore replied. "It was a non-binding agreement that Minister Antonio has likely already ripped up in light of the Azkaban breakout, meant to make the both of them look good during peacetime. Cornelius saw it as a way to reassure the public after the World Cup, presumably."

Harry sighed, understanding perhaps for the first time in his life why his uncle so often raged about useless politicians.

"Lucius Malfoy will be a problem, though," Dumbledore warned him.

"Any particular reason beyond how awful he generally is?" Harry asked.

"Lucius has a vested interest in keeping Sirius' present status as it is," Dumbledore replied. "As it stands, his son is the heir presumptive to the Black fortune and lordship, and as a convicted felon on the run from the law, Sirius cannot change that. I am working to counter his influence and get Peter a trial quickly, but it will still take time."

"I see," Harry nodded as a plan formed in his mind. "Is that all?"

"Yes," Dumbledore sighed, tossing him his wand back, "and Harry, while I cannot prove you did anything to Mister Malfoy, any further incidents of, as you put it, 'your classmate's inbreeding catching up to them' will need to be investigated thoroughly."

"I understand," Harry murmured. "Good day, Professor."

He turned and left, picking Fawkes up and placing him on his perch before he did so. As he reached the bottom of the stairs, Snape undid his disillusionment charm and stepped in his way.

"Potter, I…" he went to say, looking paler and more rattled than Harry could ever remember.

"Do you want him dead?" Harry asked quietly, looking around to make sure that they were alone.

"More than almost anything," Snape replied, swallowing thickly.

"Then we can put a pin in this discussion for the time being," Harry muttered, refusing to look at the overgrown bat for fear he'd be unable to keep himself from attacking him. "Once he's in the ground for good, if we're both still breathing, we can settle things then."

"Very well," Snape nodded before heading upstairs to meet with Dumbledore.

Harry closed his eyes and took a deep breath as the door closed behind him before reaching out in his mind to Rias.

"Rias, are you there?" he asked.

"Harry, hi," Rias replied, sounding both relieved and worried to hear from him. "How are Hermione and Luna?"

"I haven't seen either of them yet," Harry replied. "Listen, I think I have a way to strike back against Voldemort, but there's something I'll need you and Akeno to pick up for me."

*****

"I zink your new friend is in trouble," Genevieve said as Fleur listlessly stirred her subpar coffee.

"What?" she asked, confused.

"Potter nearly got into a fight with one of ze professors 'ere," Genevieve replied. "Ze dour one with oo's always scowling."

"Joy," she thought to herself, closing her eyes and yawning.

She hadn't gotten much sleep the previous night, both due to concern for her new friends and the conversation she had after that phoenix took them away.

"I cannot believe zis," Fleur muttered. "I knew zat zings got bad during ze war but zought it was over."

"Apparently not," Akeno grumbled. "The purpose of that trap was to capture Harry and, failing that, to cause as much pain as possible."

"He wants to isolate him and hopes that killing off his friends' loved ones will make them fear associating with him," Rias scowled. "I almost wish he'd try."

Akeno laughed humorlessly at that, saying, "It might actually make him worth something for a change."

"Luckily, my family is all in France, and as Papa is a prominent member of ze local ministry zere, Voldemort would not dare for fear of bringing a whole other country to bear against 'im," Fleur said.

"I'm surprised you're staying," Rias murmured, turning to her. "You've been given more than enough reason to distance yourself from Harry tonight."

Akeno cocked an eyebrow at her but stayed silent.

"Zat man 'as shown me nothing but kindness from ze moment we started getting to know each other!" Fleur swore, glaring at the redhead. "'E risked 'is life to save mine under ze lake and rescued my sister with no expectation of reward."

"Though you did give him one, I'm sure," Akeno grinned.

"I…" Fleur spluttered at the sudden shift in tone. "'E is a good man, and I will not abandon 'im just because zings 'ave gotten a little frightening."

"Good," Rias smiled. "He's going to need all the help he can get right now; all three of them will, and Akeno and I can't be here all the time."

"You...actually care for him," Fleur stuttered, genuinely surprised.

"I love him," Rias replied, and Akeno looked at her in surprise before smiling widely, "and I intend to do everything in my considerable power to keep him safe. I underestimated this Voldemort."

"We both did," Akeno scowled. "From Harry's description, I expected a somewhat simpler creature, dangerous but simple."

"Yes, I expected him to go straight for Harry, at which point you and I would be able to show up and tear him apart," Rias added, tapping her fingers on a nearby table.

"'E is one ze most powerful wizards of our age," Fleur explained. "Even in France, we knew zat 'e was at least Dumbledore's equal."

"So Harry said, but given that the man had been a disembodied spirit all this time and he had never actually seen them fight, I wasn't sure how accurate that was," Rias muttered. "Dumbledore I know of because the war with Grindelwald was so expansive and caused such widespread damage, but English history isn't exactly my forte."

"You are...not what I would 'ave expected of devils," Fleur murmured.

She didn't want to believe that they were truly genuine, but she felt the reality and depth of their feelings for Harry when he was there, and she couldn't declare them false outright. It was possible that devils were so duplicitous that they fooled even veelas' senses, but she just didn't know. At any rate, Harry's feelings for them were entirely genuine, and if she wanted to pursue anything with him, she was going to need to find a way to either trust them or prove that they were out to hurt him.

"I know our peoples haven't had the greatest history," Rias winced, "and in truth, I've always thought that we should have taken you in, but…"

"Zat is ze last zing we would 'ave wanted," Fleur spat. "Our purported association with your kind 'as nearly been our ruin more zan once."

"Purpor...what exactly do the Veela think our history is?" Rias asked, confused.

"We don't 'ave one," Fleur hissed. "Ze wizards and witches started claiming zat we were descended from you centuries ago and arguing zat, as such, we represented a great risk to ze statute of secrecy. It 'as taken us so long to distance ourselves from zat nonsense. It is almost as bad as zeir idea zat we somehow got our powers from sacrificing phoenixes."

"Oh," Rias sighed. "Um, as far as we know, you actually do descend from us, specifically from a very special devil of the line of Phenex."

"What?" Fleur asked.

"Phenex is one of the great houses among the devils, like the Gremorys," Rias explained. "It was actually a son of Phenex that I was betrothed to and escaped from with Harry's help..."

"And penis," Akeno added, chuckling.

"You've been spending too much time with Luna," Rias said dryly. Turning back to Fleur, she murmured, "The first Phenex did get her powers from ritually consuming a phoenix, but that doesn't reflect on you in any way. None of us are responsible for the actions of others, and Fawkes certainly didn't seem to mind your presence at all. If anything, he was quite taken with…"

"Zat's not true!" Fleur exclaimed. "Zose are lies zat 'ave plagued my people for generations. You're deceivers by nature, and I don't know what you 'ope to gain with 'Arry but…"

"We are creatures of sin, but that doesn't make us pure evil or anything like that," Akeno interjected. "Phoenixes are creatures of light, and Fawkes didn't attack us just now or anything."

"Perhaps our records are wrong," Rias allowed, not sounding like she believed that in the slightest, "but if they aren't, it just means that we're very, very distant cousins and that relation wouldn't be the only thing we have in common. We both care for Harry, and if we're going to be in his life, it would be better for us to find a way to at least tolerate the other."

"Fleur?" Genevieve asked. "Are you okay?"

"I didn't sleep well," Fleur replied tiredly, shaking her head and trying to put her frustrating conversation with the pair of devils out of her mind. "I'm sure 'Arry's fine."

"If you say so," Genevieve murmured, going back to her breakfast.

Fleur helped herself to a couple surprisingly well-made croissants along with her coffee before leaving the great hall. She's been late to arrive and was one of the last to leave, but she didn't have an early class that morning, so she was fine. As she walked through the halls, intending to go to the library, she ran into Luna and felt her heart lurch at the sight of the blonde.

Her long hair was disheveled and straggly, and her robes looked like she'd thrown them on with little care. Most distressing of all were her eyes, the big silver orbs looking unfocused and puffy. Fleur rushed over to her.

"Luna?" she asked.

"Fleur?" Luna asked, blinking a couple of times as though she didn't truly recognize her.

"Luna, I'm free right now if you want to talk," Fleur offered, extending a hand towards her.

"That would be nice," Luna replied, taking her hand.

Casting a couple warming charms on them, Fleur led the younger girl back to the carriage and into her room. Under normal circumstances, she'd have expected Luna to comment on the scenery or at least the giggling lock on the front door, but she remained mute. Sitting down on the bed, she patted the spot next to her and wrapped an arm around the other blonde's shoulders as she joined her.

"Thanks, Fleur," Luna whispered, resting her head on her shoulder. "I really didn't want to be alone."

"Where's 'Ermione?" Fleur asked.

"She went to class," Luna replied. "She thinks that if she buries herself in schoolwork, it will be possible to ignore everything. I wish I could too, but I don't think I could focus on anything right now."

"I'm so sorry," Fleur whispered, running her nails through Luna's hair. "Your papa seemed like a nice man."

"Daddy was the best," Luna croaked, tears streaming down her cheeks. "I don't know what I'm going to do. He was the only family I had."

"You're not alone, Luna," Fleur replied, hugging her. "You have friends oo can help, oo will be there for you. 'Ermione is in the same situation, but you know that you can both rely on 'Arry."

"And you?" Luna asked, looking up at her. "We're friends, right?"

"Of course," Fleur replied, swallowing thickly.

She hadn't known Luna and Hermione as long as she'd known Harry and didn't know them as well, but she liked them and wanted to get to know them better. She just wished that circumstances weren't as terrible.

"Could you sing for me again?" Luna asked. "It felt nice last night."

"Of course," Fleur replied.

She started into a simple little French tune she knew well and had loved for years, smiling a little when she felt Luna relax a little. She didn't really know how to help someone whose world had been ripped away from them, and that was something that she knew she'd have to learn by doing. For the time being, she'd offer what comfort she could and hope that it would help.

*****

"Harry? Whoa, whoa!" Sirius exclaimed as Harry practically ran inside 12 Grimmauld Place. "How are you here? Did Rias drop you off?"

"I can apparate," Harry replied shortly. "Have you seen the paper today?"

"I'm not exactly an active subscriber just now," Sirius replied dryly. "Are you okay? You look kind of...rough."

"Voldemort killed Hermione's parents and Luna's dad," Harry replied.

"What?!" Sirius exclaimed. "Oh, fuck...shit, I mean...that's horrible."

"It is," Harry replied. "If you were free, would you take them in? They're going to need someone to look after them and keep the ministry from doing something stupid."

"Of course," Sirius replied, "but freedom is a long way off for me if it's even possible, and I don't want you getting yourself hurt trying to capture the rat."

"I have him," Harry replied. "He's confessed everything to the aurors."

"What?" Sirius asked, feeling like the slightest breeze could knock him over just then. "Why...how...why did you not lead with that?"

"I doubted that you'd focus on much else after you heard that," Harry replied. "You'll do it, though, right? You'll be their guardian?"

"Yours too, preferably," Sirius replied. "How did this happen?"

"Voldemort had his goons abduct Xenophilius Lovegood and the Grangers to lure me out," Harry replied. "Rias, Akeno, and I went where he showed us and killed them all, save for Pettigrew, but...we were too late."

That feeling like he was going to explode that he'd grappled with since he first learned that the Death Eaters had already killed their hostages came back hard, and he slammed his fist down on the nearest table.

"I failed," he croaked, his vision blurring from his tears. "It's all my fault."

"I've got you," he barely heard Sirius say as everything he'd been bottling since the previous night burst out, and he broke down crying.

Sirius hugged him tightly as he sobbed, finally giving in to the urge he'd refused to in front of anyone else.

"Hey, let it all out," Sirius murmured. "There wasn't a single one of us that didn't do just this during the war. Letting it fester won't help anyone."

"It's all my fault!" Harry repeated.

"No, it isn't," Sirius insisted. "It's Voldemort's fault and the fault of his lunatic followers."

"He wouldn't even be alive if not for me!" Harry shouted. "If I had just gotten Dumbledore or Rias instead of going after Crouch myself, Voldemort would still be a bloody ghost!"

"He would have come back either way!" Sirius shouted back to him. "Harry, there's something you need to know. The reason that Voldemort's so obsessed with you is…"

"You...you know about the prophecy?" Harry asked, rearing back as if struck.

"I don't know what it says," Sirius replied. "Did Dumbledore tell you?"

"Today, yes," Harry replied, wiping his eyes. "Why did you not tell me?"

"I couldn't tell you what it said or for sure who else even knew," Sirius replied. "I just guessed that Dumbledore did because he knows everything."

"Not everything," Harry mumbled under his breath.

"James told me before you all went into hiding that the reason they needed to was that a prophecy said you'd kick Voldemort's sorry arse someday," Sirius replied.

"Not exa...it doesn't matter," Harry muttered glumly, sitting down heavily. "It just means that their deaths are also on my hands."

"No, they're not!" Sirius growled, slamming his fist on the table next to him and startling them. "That responsibility lies with Voldemort and Wormtail."

"He went after them because of me," Harry spat. "He went after my friends' parents because of me, and he's only bloody alive because of me."

"He tried to kill both of your parents before he ever learned about the prophecy," Sirius argued, "and as for the others, Xenophilius Lovegood would have ended up a target eventually for not siding with him, and plenty more families of muggleborns have been attacked by those monsters. Voldemort came back because fate decided that you two will fight. It's not your fault."

"Well, if I ever meet fate, remind me to kick its arse," Harry sighed.

"Give it one for me, will you?" Sirius asked.

"Count on it," Harry muttered, feeling a little lighter than he had when he arrived.

He still blamed himself and probably would at least until he finished Voldemort off, but he didn't feel like a ticking time bomb to quite the same extent, which let him focus a little better.

"Who all did your girlfriends kill?" Sirius asked.

"Akeno only killed Greyback," Harry replied. "I took out the others."

"Wha...what?" Sirius asked, his jaw dropping as he struggled to decide whether to focus on his godson killing multiple Death Eaters or the man who made Remus what he was finally being put down.

"Keep mum about that for the next little while, will you?" Harry asked. "Professor Lupin will be thrilled either way, but I need everyone to think that Crouch went mad and killed the others."

"Why?" Sirius asked.

"Because that's what Wormtail's telling everyone, and I can't really say more than that for now," Harry replied. "I need you to trust me at least until your trial is done."

"About that, is anything scheduled yet?" Sirius asked.

"No, and your kiss on sight order is still in effect, so stay put," Harry replied. "It's only been a day, and the ministry moves slowly at the best of times."

"Unless they're screwing you over, then they can move faster than you can blink," Sirius muttered.

"Crouch Senior got his in the end," Harry said, "and someday soon, you'll be free. I can't make up for the decade you lost, but I can do that much."

"It shouldn't fall to a bloody fourth-year Hogwarts student to fix anything," Sirius argued.

"Maybe it's fate," Harry quipped, and Sirius laughed humorlessly.

"Can I be a terrible influence and offer you a drink?" he asked.

"No," Harry replied. "Thanks, but I need a clear head today. I need to see Hermione and Luna."

"All I'll say is don't push them," Sirius advised. "Offer support but let them come to you on their terms."

"Dumbledore said more or less the same thing," Harry murmured.

"We've all been where you are," Sirius sighed.

"Sirius, thanks for this and for everything," Harry whispered, and Sirius hugged him again.

"I can't make up for the decade you spent in your own prison, but I can be there for you now," Sirius vowed. "Whatever you need, you can come to me."

"Thank you," Harry smiled, unable to remember the last time he was able to feel unreservedly like someone older than him was actually in his corner. "I need to get back."

"Of course," Sirius nodded.

*****

"Dobby really isn't needing help," Dobby insisted as Hermione swiftly worked to copy the words of various texts to fresh paper.

"I'm helping myself more than anything, Dobby," Hermione replied tiredly. "I need something simple and menial to focus on right now, and you'd be doing me a favor by letting me take on some of this."

"Oh, well that's okay then," Dobby shrugged. "Is Harry Potter's Hermione having problems?"

"Something like that," Hermione replied, swallowing thickly.

"Well, if Dobby can help…" the house elf went to offer.

"Thank you, but it's not something anyone can really help with," Hermione nodded, taking another book from the latest pile Dobby had created for himself.

It was in German, and that was as far as her understanding got, but she didn't really care. After copying the text onto blank paper, she bound the pages in freshly glued leather with a quick charm, and Dobby imprinted the title on the spine. The two of them worked together quietly after that, with her handling the copying and Dobby the binding, going through dozens of books, which the house elf floated over to the table designated for finished copies.

Hermione had tried going to her classes, hoping that throwing herself into her familiar routine would take her mind off of her losses, but she'd barely been able to focus on any of it. Going to the library and trying to get even farther ahead in her studies than she already was proved similarly ineffective. When Ron showed up to express his condolences, she appreciated the gesture, but it was just one more reminder of what had happened, and she left soon afterward. The Room of Requirement was perfect, a vast empty space occupied solely by a creature capable of realizing that she really didn't want to talk to anyone, filled to bursting with more work than she could hope to get through.

"What the devil?" Hermione asked as she picked up a small, leather-bound book with markings unlike any she'd come across so far.

"What is that?" Dobby asked, furrowing his brow in confusion.

"It's...it's Elvish," Hermione stuttered, opening the book and looking through it in shock.

"Elves is not having a language," Dobby insisted.

"No, it...it's from a fictional world," Hermione clarified, the misunderstanding bringing the closest thing to a smile she'd had on her face all day. "It's something that a muggle author came up with and then wrote a whole epic because of. This is Tengwar, one of the scripts he invented. This must be a collection of Tolkien's letters, or else the work of a far greater Tolkien dork than I am."

She chuckled at that, flipping through the book in awe. She'd loved Middle Earth since she was a girl, ever since her father read the Hobbit to her when she was very young. They were both sick as dogs, home alone, and he decided to pass the time and try to make them both feel a little better by reading the whole thing through in one sitting. It was one of the only genuinely parental moments she could remember with either of her parents during her developing years and something that she hadn't even thought about in ages.

"What's wrong?" Dobby asked as tears started flowing down her cheeks onto the book.

Hermione felt like she couldn't breathe and put the book down, desperately wishing in that moment that she could slip away into nothingness and stop feeling the all-consuming pain that made her feel like her chest was going to cave in.

"Harry Potter, sir, thank goodness," Dobby squeaked. "Something's wrong with her."

Hermione turned and saw Harry standing there, having come from the training room. He hadn't been in there when she arrived, and she wasn't sure when he showed up, but she didn't care. She threw herself into his arms, sobbing her eyes out.

"I've got her, Dobby," Harry whispered, nodding to the house elf.

Harry held her tightly to his chest and flew them both into the bedroom. Hermione clung to him like he was a piece of driftwood out on the ocean, as though if she let for a moment, she'd surely drown. He spoke to her, but she didn't hear him for several minutes, lost in her outpouring grief.

"I'm so sorry," Harry repeated for what felt like the hundredth time as he held his oldest friend tenderly, running his fingers through her hair as carefully as he could.

"It's not...your fault," Hermione grumbled, wiping her nose with a conjured handkerchief. "Sorry for snotting up your robes."

"They can be washed," Harry chuckled, cleaning them with a wave of his wand.

"I meant what I said, by the way," Hermione mumbled as she dried her eyes. "Yesterday is one long, nightmarish blur, but I know you said that they were already...there was nothing else you could have done."

"I could have killed Crouch," Harry muttered darkly. "I could have brought Rias in and had her deal with him."

"Voldemort would have still been out there, still likely come back eventually, and I would have still been a target for what I am," Hermione spat. She stopped then, looking away from him, and whispered, "I want them dead."

"Those who had a hand in the murders already are, save for Pettigrew, who's behind bars," Harry murmured. "The others will die, too, though, all of them."

"Good," Hermione spat, clenching her fists. "I hate thinking and feeling this way, but…"

"You're a good person," Harry said softly. "The Death Eaters aren't, though; they're evil, a cancer on the world, and you don't negotiate with or show mercy to cancer."

"You cut it out," Hermione whispered. Swallowing thickly, she added, "Whatever you're doing, I want in."

"Hermione…" Harry went to object.

"No," Hermione hissed. "At the very least, I want to train with you. If they come for me, I want to be ready."

"If they come for you, I'll tear them apart," Harry swore, his eyes blazing with fury at the very thought.

Hermione looked into them and felt her heart flutter. Hearing him speak like that about protecting her lit a fire in her, and before she even realized what she was doing, she kissed him. He responded automatically, wrapping his arms around her and deepening the kiss before he recalled where he was and pulled back.

"This...isn't right, you're grie…" he went to protest, not wanting to take advantage of her in such a vulnerable state.

"Fuck right," Hermione hissed, cupping his face in her hands and staring into his eyes. "I've searched all day for something I could focus on to stop thinking about...everything, and nothing's worked. Take my mind off of it, please, Harry; save me like you always do."

He pulled her in for a searing, hot kiss, pushing his tongue inside her mouth. She pulled him back onto the bed, loving the feeling of his warm, strong body draped across her. Her classes hadn't worked, the library hadn't worked, and even the menial task of copying texts hadn't worked, but this would. It was hard to think about anything when a cock as big as Harry's was buried to the hilt inside her; she knew that from experience, and just then she wanted to feel him as intensely as she could.

"Fuck my ass, Harry," she begged, breaking the kiss to whisper in his ear.

"What?" Harry asked, pulling back and staring down at her shock.

"I want you to take this," Hermione said slowly, wrapping her hand around his hardening cock through his pants, "and bury every inch of it inside my tight, hot little asshole."

She knew that sex and pleasure generally could be used as an unhealthy coping mechanism to deal with pain, but she didn't care. In that moment all she wanted was to feel something that wasn't the gnawing ache in her chest, and having Harry bugger her until she screamed was what it took; she was more than happy to. With a wave of his wand, they were undressed, and he kissed her again while pushing her legs apart and grinding his cock against her hairless slit.

"Mmm!" Hermione moaned into his mouth, feeling the sublime pleasure of his hot, incredibly hard cock stroking her sensitive flesh. It wasn't enough, not by a long shot, but it was a start.

"Whatever you need, Mione," Harry whispered as he trailed hot kisses down along her neck, pausing to nibble on her earlobe. "I'm here for you."

"I know," Hermione moaned, grazing her nails against his scalp as he nipped at her pulse point. "More."

Harry smiled and continued moving downward, cupping her breasts and capturing one of her reddish pink nipples with his lips. The little nub hardened under his ministrations, and he grazed it with his teeth, making her gasp, before sucking gently.

"Feels good," Hermione sighed, still holding his head to her body. "You're always so good."

"It's a gift," Harry chuckled, switching to the other nipple.

He traced little patterns on it with his tongue while kneading her perky mound, enjoying the feeling of it growing more taut as he went. After a moment of this, he focused on the image of a snake in his mind and spoke a single word in parseltongue.

"Ahh!" Hermione cried, squirming under him as she felt heat pool rapidly in her core.

"How was that?" Harry asked, genuinely curious.

"It tickled," Hermione replied, laughing. "It really tingled too."

"I figured it was worth trying," Harry smiled before kissing the valley between her breasts and continuing downward.

His eyes never left Hermione's as his lips painted a trail down along her belly and poured all of the affection he could into the look. She still looked pained, but there were other things in her gaze as well; desire, gratitude, and love all shone through, and he hoped that he truly was able to distract her, at least for a little while. She gasped when he gave her clit a little kiss and quickly wrapped her thighs around his head as he began bathing her fleshy folds with his tongue.

He moaned at the taste of her, and she giggled, saying, "I sometimes swear you love that as much as I do."

"I just might," Harry rumbled, making her shudder. "You taste so good."

"Oh, fuck," Hermione gasped as he swirled his tongue around her clit in a tight little circle before returning down to lap up her flowing juices.

He continued that pattern of paying her clit a little attention, just enough to make her cry out, before moving back down. It drove her towards her peak frustratingly slowly, and just as she was about to complain, he pushed two of his thick fingers inside her. She let out a keening wail as he stroked her g-spot, and her shaking thighs clenched harder around his head.

"Oh, fuck, don't stop," Hermione whimpered as he sucked on her clit. "I swear if you move away from there again…"

"Oh don't worry," Harry chuckled, flicking his tongue over the taut little nub as he stroked her more quickly. "I wouldn't dream of it. Cum."

The second she felt his tongue vibrate against her clit, she saw stars. She shrieked his name so loudly she'd have worried that the whole castle might hear her if she could have given thought to a single thing in that moment. The pleasure was like a cleansing wave of bliss, driving the tension from her body in an instant. For a solid precious minute she couldn't focus on anything else, and it was like reaching paradise. She rode out the waves of ecstasy happily, wishing she could have stayed there forever. Eventually, Harry relented, though, and she curled up into a ball, shaking and panting for breath as she came down from her high.

"Ahh!" she cried as she felt a rush of cold fill her bowels.

"I seriously need to find a way to alter that spell to be less cold," Harry grumbled as he set his wand back down.

"I'd rather...you didn't play around...with the lubrication charm," Hermione panted.

"Maybe for the best," Harry chuckled, giving one of wonderfully, round arsecheeks a kiss.

Under normal circumstances he'd have teased her a little about practically begging him to bugger her, but he knew well why she wanted that just then and was more than happy to give it to her. He had the room conjure a jar of lube and covered his cock thoroughly before bringing it to her winking arsehole.

"Are you sure you want this?" he asked, just to be certain.

"I am," Hermione replied. "Please, Harry."

"Trust me, love, this is one request I'll never deny you," Harry chuckled, lining himself up.

He pushed firmly and groaned when he felt the head of his cock pop inside her. Hermione groaned too, burying her face in the pillow and clawing at the sheets below her. He hadn't carefully fingered her ahead of time this time around and knew that he'd have to move a little more slowly to let her get used to him again, but the spell made sure that she was cleaned, lubricated, and relaxed, so he didn't have to worry quite as much as he would have otherwise.

"I feel so full, and I've barely taken any of you," Hermione groaned.

"You feel so fucking amazing," Harry smiled, reveling in the vice-like heat of her tightest hole.

If anyone had suggested to him a year ago that he'd someday fuck Hermione Granger in the ass, he'd have sooner punched them than believed them. He never would have imagined that she'd let him bugger her, much less enjoy it as she had last time, but he knew virtually nothing of sex back then. That certainly couldn't be said of him now, and as he watched inch after inch of his thick cock disappear inside her, he was very, very happy about that.

"Ugh...sometimes I swear you're part horse," Hermione grunted as his hips came to rest against her thighs.

"All human, as far as I know," Harry chuckled, making her snort.

He ghosted his hands down along her forearms and interlaced his fingers with hers on the bed as he nuzzled her neck. She turned her head to look at him and kissed her softly, peering into her eyes.

"You can move, Harry," Hermione whispered. "Fuck me."

Harry pulled a few inches of his cock from her impossibly hot depths and thrust back in, earning a squeak from the bushy-haired brunette. He worked slowly, despite how clearly she wanted more, wanting to be absolutely sure that she was okay before speeding up.

"Harder!" Hermione demanded after a couple minutes of that, throwing her arse back against him. When he picked up his pace, she joined in, moving in perfect rhythm with him, and yet even that wasn't enough. "Harder! More!"

"Fucking hell," Harry groaned, grabbing onto her wide hips and fucking her even harder.

Hermione's cries grew louder and more desperate, echoing through the room and blocking out the sound of his hips clapping against her arse. He watched her full, plump cheeks jiggle eagerly, groaning in delight at both the sight and how incredible she felt. Her arse was so fucking tight and it had been so long since he had buggered anyone that was only his sheer experience that kept him from flooding her bowels with cum immediately.

"Harder, fuck!" Hermione screamed. "I don't want to sit right for a week."

Reluctant to hurt her but determined to give her what she wanted, he picked up his pace again and reached under her, cupping one of her breasts and rubbing her clit. The effect was immediate as her moans turned to screams and she clawed desperately at the sheets below them.

"Cum for me, Mione," Harry murmured in her ear.

"I'm...ah...close," Hermione cried.

"You're going to cum," Harry rumbled in her ear. "You're going to cum from getting fucked in the arse good and hard."

"It's your...fuck...cock!" Hermione cried, her whole body shaking as the pressure inside her core grew too intense to bear. "I swear that huge bloody cock is magical."

"Is it a magic cock, or are you just my perfect little butt slut?" Harry asked, letting go of her breast so he could gather her hair into his hand and gently pull on it.

It was a risk saying something like that to her when they hadn't done that kind of dirty talk before, but she seemed to want to be treated like this this time, and he figured it was worth trying. Sure enough, the effect was immediate, and she shrieked in delight. He felt her start to spasm around him, clearly being right on the edge, and tugged a little harder.

"Cum for me, Mione," he whispered. "Be a good little anal slut and cum."

"HARRY!" she squealed, falling forward as she came hard.

He felt her pussy gush as she squirted against his balls but barely noticed as her arsehole gripped him almost painfully. He let go with a roar of her name, painting her insides white with his cum, and fell forward with her, catching himself on his forearms. His heavy form enveloped her utterly, and between that and the mind-melting ecstasy turning her brain to mush, Hermione felt a measure of peace. It was what she'd been craving all day, and she giggled like a loon at something her brain was too fried in that moment to understand.

Harry heard her laugh and smiled, burying his face in her hair and inhaling deeply. He was perfectly content to just hold her like that for as long as she wanted, but the sound of the door behind them opening drew his attention, and he whipped his head around to look at it.

"Oh, I can come back later," Luna said, her voice sounding rougher than he'd ever heard it.

"No, please, come in," Harry smiled, pulling his softening cock out of Hermione's gaping arsehole and rolling onto his back. "We just finished."

"Uh-huh," Hermione whimpered into the pillow, sounding utterly dazed.

"How...are you?" Harry asked lamely, unsure what to say.

"I miss Daddy," Luna replied sadly, undressing herself with a wave of her wand and climbing into bed. "If it's all the same to you, I really don't feel like riding your penis right now."

"Of course," Harry snorted, wishing he could find her eccentricity as funny as he usually did. "The three of us can just cuddle until dinner. We can even have food brought here if you prefer."

"That would be nice," Luna whispered, resting her face on his muscular chest.

Harry wrapped an arm around her and pulled Hermione over to join them. The three of them lay together like that, him on his back and the two of them using his chest as a pillow in silence for several minutes. He wished that he could do more for them, but he couldn't and just worked to soothe them as best he could, ghosting his fingers over their backs in random patterns.

"Please don't die," Luna whispered shakily, and Harry's eyes widened in surprise. "I can't lose you too."

"Luna…" Harry went to say, and Hermione sighed.

"Please," Luna begged, her big silver eyes looking watery.

He knew that he couldn't actually promise that, especially since he was actively planning to go to war against an entire group of very dangerous people, but as he looked at her, there was only, answer that he could bring himself to give her.

"I promise," he whispered, kicking himself for doing so.

"I love you, Harry," Luna whispered, snuggling closer.

"I love you too," Hermione added, burying her face in the crook of his neck.

"I love you both too," Harry replied.

Unlike his promise, that he could say without a hint of reservation, for he truly did love them. He loved Akeno too and would need to tell her when he got the chance, but that could be later. For the moment, his sole focus was on holding and comforting these beautiful girls he loved with all his heart. They were both very, very far from alright, but he dearly hoped they would be someday and swore to do all that he could to help them.

The three of them cuddled together until they grew hungry and then had Dobby bring them dinner. They didn't have sex again, all three of them being content to just enjoy each other's comfortable company, nor did they discuss anything that had happened in the last day. Instead, they just sat and tried to have as normal an evening as they were capable of. As Harry felt the two of them drift off in his arms later on that night, he found himself wishing that all of their days could be so peaceful. His own peace was interrupted a while later when Rias' voice sounded in his head.

"We have him," she said. The three simple words made Harry's pulse spike, and he scowled for a moment before grinning grimly.

*****

"A pleasure as always, Lord Malfoy," Borgin grinned as he handed the man the sum of gold they'd agreed on.

"I'll likely be back next week," Lucius replied silkily. "Recent developments have made it necessary to let go of some of my less treasured collections."

"I'm happy to take anything I can use or sell off your hands," Borgin smiled. "Anything legal, of course."

The two of them shared a conspiratorial grin at that, and Lucius departed. With the Dark Lord back and apparently on the move, he knew it would be a good idea to have far more gold on hand than he would have normally. The goblins charged ridiculous rates for large withdrawals, paranoid as ever that the wizards might drain their vaults all at once someday, and so most of the wiser lords kept plenty of minor artifacts on hand that could be liquidated quickly if the need arose.

As he walked out into Knockturn Alley, he pulled his cloak up over his head, though mostly out of habit, as, at that late an hour, he hardly needed to. He traversed the dark streets, his cane tapping the cobblestones as he went. It had always given him a sense of power, knowing that his wand was always in his hand, always close by. Others tended to prefer wrist-strapped holsters, if they gave the idea any thought at all, but he thought them terribly crude, preferring something more elegant. It befitted the lordly station that he coveted with all his being.

"Though that is now under threat," he thought to himself, his blood boiling as he recalled Pettigrew's betrayal.

Marrying Narcissa Black had been an absolute masterstroke on his part. At the time, he'd thought himself brilliant, for though she was fourth in line to the black lordship, only one of those ahead of her was worth anything. Bellatrix was a lunatic who would have eventually bitten off more than she could chew even if their Lord hadn't fallen and Sirius was a blood traitor, sure to fall sooner or later. Regulus was loyal and a proper pureblood, but Lucius had always sensed a degree of weakness in him. When he started courting Narcissa, it was with the certainty that he'd eventually manage to ensure that the Black lordship fell to her, and through her, their heir.

Though the line of Malfoy was ancient and their history storied, they came to England from France only in the seventeenth century, and therefore, though they were wealthy and prominent, they were not true English nobility. Those like Borgin called him lord, but out of respect and fear alone. The title was not his in truth, and he desired it more than anything.

"And with one disastrous press conference, that little rat threatened everything," he thought to himself, his grip on the silver head of his cane tightening until his knuckles turned white. "Regulus is dead and Bellatrix is sterile; something I didn't even need to slip that potion into her tea to pull off, given the long dementor exposure. Draco's ascendance should be a certainty."

If Sirius Black was freed, though, and allowed to name a new heir, all of his careful plotting would have been for nothing. He should have had him killed in his cell, but the man seemed to be so very doomed that he didn't think to waste the coin on it. Now it was a genuine threat and one that he needed to deal with.

"He's still my lord's enemy, and his most likely heir will be Potter, given his connection through old Dorea," Lucius thought to himself, taking a calming breath. "It just means that I have even more reason to want them both dea…"

He didn't get a chance to finish that thought as something slammed into him and his world went dark. When he awoke, he found himself in a room he'd never seen before, one lit by muggle bulbs, and when he saw who was standing in front of him, his eyes widened in shock.

"Potter?!" he hissed, trying to rise only to realize that he was bound to the chair he was in by ropes.

"Hello, Lucy," Harry replied. "Where's Voldemort?"

"You…" Lucius trailed off laughing, wondering how exactly the little brat had pulled this off. "I'm sorry, has your failure to save your friends' parents driven you to actively seek death? Let me go, and I'll happily give you what you clearly want myself."

"We both know that he'd kill you for taking that from him," Harry murmured, looking unaffected by his words. "I'll ask you once more: where is Voldemort?"

"I'll happily take you to him," Lucius smirked, his eyes widening slightly when two women he'd never seen before walked in.

They were dressed in what looked like muggle school uniforms he'd seen before and were two of the most beautiful women he'd ever seen. If not for their hair color, he'd have almost assumed they were veela, and he wondered who exactly they were.

"I must admit, the idea of taking care of things like this in empty manor homes is a good one," the redhead said.

"One of Voldemort's better ideas," Harry replied, drawing his wand.

Lucius sneered, wondering what exactly this boy thought he'd be able to do to him. If he thought that he was the slightest bit intimidating to one who had knelt at the feet of Lord Voldemort himself, he was gravely mistaken.

"Crucio," Harry murmured, and Lucius immediately realized that he was the mistaken one.

His every nerve ending lit up with agonizing pain, making him scream and thrash about helplessly in the chair. The sheer power and malice behind the spell was shocking, almost on the level of the Dark Lord himself and arguably equal to when Bellatrix cast it. The six seconds Harry held the spell on him felt like hours, and when he was released, he could only laugh.

"What would...Dumbledore think if he saw this?" Lucius gasped, his chest spasming as he cackled. "The fabled boy-who-lived succumbed to the dark arts. What a scandal?!"

"I did think he wouldn't break quickly," the dark-haired one chuckled.

"He doesn't have to break quickly," Harry said calmly. "He just needs to break."

"I'll be reported missing soon enough," Lucius spat, "and then you'll have both the aurors and my Lord's forces searching for me."

"You did hear Rias, right?" Harry asked rhetorically. "We're in the middle of the country, in a manor house that likely won't be visited again until the snows melt, and no one has the faintest clue where you are. I'll keep this up until daybreak, and if you're still resisting by then, I'll leave you in the loving care of Akeno here and return tomorrow. The question isn't if you'll tell me what I want to know, Lucius, it's when."

"You have hate, boy, and you've already gotten a taste for the darkness, but you are no Lord Voldemort," Lucius growled. "Nothing you can say or do could make me betray him."

"Your claims of undying loyalty might hold more weight if you hadn't folded the second he was defeated," Harry chuckled. "If you were Bellatrix or one of the other Azkaban escapees, I might believe you. As it is, though, crucio."

Lucius screamed again as Harry held him under the torture curse. Speaking of Bellatrix Lestrange reminded him that he'd forgotten to mention the breakout to Sirius, and he shook his head at that. Considering that he was related to Voldemort's most dangerous servant, he deserved to know that, and he made a note to mention it tomorrow.

"Go to...hell," Lucius gurgled as he released him from the spell.

"Where's Voldemort?" Harry asked calmly. Only his seeker's reflexes let him dodge as Lucius spat his way, and he immediately cast the unforgivable again.

This went on for a while, with the head of the Malfoy family proving that he wasn't quite as much of a pampered peacock as he appeared . Any reluctance he might have had to torture Lucius died with his friends' loved ones, and it wasn't as though the bastard didn't deserve it. This was the man who unleashed a fucking basilisk on a school full of children just to mess with a man over a policy disagreement. He was a dick of the first order and should have been put in the ground years ago.

"Ahh, ahh," Lucius gasped as he released him from the curse yet again. "I almost...felt that one."

His bravado was blatantly forced at that point, and he really looked the worse for wear, but he didn't seem to be much closer to breaking than he was in the beginning.

"Do you want me to give it a go?" Akeno asked.

"Yes," Harry replied, beginning to tire from repeatedly casting the powerful, taxing curse. "Be my guest."

"And what exactly do you think you can do, little girl?" Lucius spat. "If someone who looked like you went to Hogwarts, I'd have heard of it by now, which I can only take to mean that you're a muggle."

"The 'muggles' as you put it, have all kinds of fun torture methods," Akeno grinned, stepping forward. "There are the really basic ones, like tearing out teeth and inserting thin strips of bamboo under fingernails, but there are really cool ones too. I once read an account of a man who was forced, naked, to sit in a chair with a hole cut out of it. His balls hung through the hole, and the torturer placed a sizable rock in a sock, which he used to repeatedly strike them. Can you imagine how painful that would be?"

Lucius gulped as he looked into the odd purple eyes of the girl in front of him, realizing that she wasn't nearly as soft or gentle as she appeared. That kind of sadistic glee was rare in women, and even Alecto Carrow didn't truly possess it. Only Bellatrix ever had, and he really didn't like the idea of being stuck in a room with someone who put him in mind of his sister-in-law.

"They also hook people up to these things called car batteries," Akeno continued. "When turned on, it forces electricity through the body, causing unimaginable agony. Fortunately for you, I don't have a car battery on hand. Unfortunately for you, I don't need one."

Before he could even think to ask her what she meant, two bat wings sprung from her back, and he realized, to his horror, just what he was dealing with.

"Devils," Lucius thought, his eyes widening in terror. "That's why my master wanted to look at that book."

Her hand glowed then, a strange circle of light appearing in her palm, and all Lucius knew was pain. He writhed and screamed as lightning coursed through him, in some ways not as bad as the cruciatus and in others worse. He could actually smell himself smoking by the time she relented, and he slumped in the chair against his bindings, trying to somehow make sense of what was happening. Harry Potter, Dumbledore's golden boy, had enlisted the forces of the Underworld against them. Under any other circumstances, something that absurd would have made him laugh, but laughing was the last thing he felt like doing just then.

"You see now just what you're dealing with," Rias grinned. "Harry here has become very precious to me, and I am very precious to my older brother, the great devil Lucifer. Tell us what we want to know and this all ends. Refuse and…"

"I'll have them tear Draco's soul apart," Harry cut her off, growling menacingly.

"Okay, okay!" Lucius cried, shaking with fear. "I don't know where he is."

"Akeno, did you see socks upstairs when you looked around?" Harry asked.

"I'm telling the truth!" Lucius practically screamed. "W...when my Lord saw what happened to Crouch, Greyback, and the others, it scared him. He took those whom he freed from Azkaban and fled to the continent in search of other allies. I don't yet know where he went, but I'll learn in time, I swear."

"I think he's telling the truth," Rias murmured. "That complicates things a bit."

"Is he so unused to experiencing actual opposition?" Harry asked incredulously.

"Nothing like the massacre at the manor ever happened during the war," Lucius replied. "We lost men here and there but never in numbers like that. We avoided large pitched battles for a reason, and both Dumbledore's forces and the aurors were always more inclined to try to take us in alive."

"Fucking ridiculous," Harry grumbled.

"Let me serve you, Potter," Lucius rasped.

"Are you serious?" Harry asked.

"You said yourself, I turned my coat once when the Dark Lord fell," Lucius replied. "You're only a fourth year, and you can already stand against all but the very worst of us, and with the allies you've acquired, you'll be a terrible force to be reckoned with soon enough. I can be your eyes and ears in his inner circle, your spy."

"I need to get back to my Lord," Lucius thought to himself, keeping his eyes fixed on Potter's lips in case the little monster knew legilimency as well. "He needs to know that he's right about Potter's connections, though even he might not suspect that the boy's allied with Lucifer's little sister."

"Open your mind to me," Harry murmured. "Let me see for myself that you're being honest with me."

"My mind is yours...my Lord," Lucius stuttered, bowing his head respectfully before peering into Harry's eyes.

"Legilimens," Harry cast, and he entered Lucius' open mind with ease.

The head of the Malfoy family realized almost immediately that his foe hadn't truly mastered this particular art and had to use occlumency to prevent his relief from being made obvious to him. He led the boy towards his last memory of his Lord, a simple little conversation where he told him that he was taking the others to Europe and would make contact later. He let Potter see the whole memory, including the instructions that he ensure he had a fair amount of galleons on hand in case he had need of them. He needed the boy to think he'd broken him and was seeing everything that he needed to. It was his only hope.

"Damn," Harry hissed.

"He'll turn up," Rias assured him, running her fingers through his dark, messy hair, "and in the meantime, we'll begin picking off his followers here and there. They'll all pay for hurting Hermione and Luna."

"The devils are fond of his friends too," Lucius thought to himself, fighting the urge to shake his head. "Damn it all."

"You say you'll serve me?" Harry asked.

"As I served the Dark Lord," Lucius replied.

"So until someone more powerful comes around," Harry chuckled.

"That doesn't seem likely in this case," Lucius said silkily. "You've gone down a path even the Dark Lord feared to tread. To have accrued power like this by your age...it's incredible."

"Laying it on a little thick," Harry thought to himself. "There is a message that you could send Voldemort for me."

"Name it," Lucius begged, relief filling him at the thought that Potter might actually fall for this.

"It isn't the sort of message you convey in words," Harry replied coldly.

"Wait, no…" Lucius went to shout before Harry slashed his wand across, taking his head clean off with a wordless severing charm.

Blood sprayed everywhere, splattering against them and every other surface nearby.

"You've come so far," Rias whispered, wrapping her arms around his shoulders from behind. "The boy who summoned me into his bed would never have handled a mortal enemy like this. You're well on your way to becoming the warrior I promised to turn you into."

"And so I'll wage it," Harry murmured. "Akeno, could you move his hands into his lap? I need to place his head in them."

"Why?" Akeno asked as she did so.

"It's something that Voldemort used to do with 'blood traitors' during the early days of his reign of terror," Harry replied. "He liked the imagery of making someone hold their head in shame."

"Pompous ass," Rias chuckled as Harry placed Lucius' severed head in his hands.

"He lost the drive to add any flare, or artistry to his terror after he made his fourth horcrux," Harry replied. "The more of his soul he sliced off, the more he came to favor basic brutality. Let's go; there's only one last thing I need to add."

"Oh?" Rias asked.

"It's best done outside," Harry murmured. He transfigured the nearest window into a gaping hole large enough for the three of them to fly through. Returning it to normal, he landed on the ground and pointed his wand at the sky.

"Morsmordre," he hissed.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Jan 22, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lopaka, Markuz Black, Fridrich and 458 others
voivode_writer
Jan 21, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 21 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Feb 4, 2025
Add bookmark
#485
Harry sat at breakfast the next day feeling less angry than he had the previous morning. He was still livid with Voldemort, his followers, Snape, and even himself for his failure, but killing Lucius had muted some of it. He'd always heard that revenge didn't actually help people, but so far he had to disagree. As he spotted Malfoy enter the room, he noted that the blonde didn't even look at him and smirked.

"I'd feel bad about killing his father if he hadn't been such a prick about Hermione and Luna," he thought to himself.

Inflicting the sort of pain his friends were going through on people who hadn't committed any truly vile crimes yet wasn't his intention, but there was no avoiding it. He planned to slaughter them all, and that meant that half the students sitting at that table would likely lose loved ones in the coming months.

"This is war," he thought to himself. "Extending a mercy to your enemy that they wouldn't extend to you might make you feel like a good person, but it will also likely get innocent people killed."

He dug into his sausages aggressively but went still when he spotted a familiar mane of curly brown hair through the corner of his eye. Hermione walked in stiffly, like she was forcing herself to show up at all and afraid of breaking down. Luna was with her, looking much as she had the previous night, and he found himself more worried about her than Hermione. His bushy-haired friend had been desperate for a distraction the previous day, and he'd given her one happily, but Luna seemed to be desperate for stability above all else, and that he could not guarantee her.

"Hey," he breathed as Hermione sat down next to him.

"Morning," Hermione sighed, grabbing some toast and buttering it.

"Hermione, Luna, we're so sorry," Fred said.

"Yeah, I can't imagine…" George added. "Anything you need, just ask."

"Can you bring the dead back to life?" Luna asked, and if it had been anyone else or if she'd said the words with any less sincerity, everyone would have assumed she was being sarcastic.

"Sorry, no," George replied lamely.

"It was worth a shot," Luna sighed, her face falling. "Could you pass the marmalade?"

"That we can do," Angelina murmured, passing the jar of orange preserve over.

"Thanks," Luna said softly, grabbing a slice of toast.

As she spread marmalade on her toast, Harry saw billowing black robes through the corner of his eye and clenched his fist. Looking over at Snape, he saw the man looking ashen-faced, much like he had the day before when they spoke, and by the beeline he made for Malfoy, it was easy to figure out why he looked like that.

"Mr. Malfoy, come with me," Snape murmured.

"I just sat down," Malfoy huffed, glaring at Harry when he caught his eye.

Madam Pomfrey had put his face back together well, and his nose didn't look like it had ever been broken, but the bruise paste she'd almost certainly used had only mostly worked, and there was still a faint yellow color across his face.

"It's important," Snape insisted. "Your mother awaits you in the headmaster's office. Bring your things."

"Mother?" Malfoy asked. "What's going on?"

"I cannot say, and I will not ask again," Snape said stiffly.

Finally realizing that he didn't have a choice, Malfoy gathered his things and left with his head of house.

"Do you think the ferret finally got booted out of here?" Ron asked Dean.

"We're never that lucky," Dean chuckled.

"I wonder what that was about," Hermione murmured.

"Do either of you have class first thing this morning?" Harry asked.

"No," Hermione replied.

"Hmm?" Luna asked, looking at him in confusion.

"Do you have an early class today?" Harry repeated.

"Oh, no," Luna replied.

"Come with me after breakfast," Harry said. "There's a lot we need to talk about."

"Okay," Luna nodded.

"Is this related to Malfoy at all?" Hermione asked under her breath.

"Something like that," Harry replied, his eyes darting to Fleur as she walked in.

She caught his eye and hesitated, looking uncertain for a moment before making her way over to him.

"'Arry," Fleur murmured. "'Ello, 'Ermione, Luna."

"Morning," Hermione replied.

"Hi, Fleur," Luna sighed. "Thanks for the cuddling yesterday. I really needed it."

That earned her more than a few odd looks, but Fleur didn't seem to mind at all, saying, "I was 'appy to. Whatever either of you need."

"Thank you," Hermione smiled. "Are you free this morning?"

Harry stilled at that. He had gotten relatively close to Fleur, and he liked her a lot, but they weren't yet at the 'casually admit to intentional homicide' level.

"Madam Maxime needs to discuss something, so I must run," Fleur replied. "I just wanted to get something to eat first."

"We won't keep you," Luna nodded. "Come by later if you have time, okay?"

"Of course," Fleur smiled, picking up a couple of croissants. "Goodbye, all."

The three of them said their goodbyes and got back to their breakfast, trying not to notice all the eyes on them.

"I'm still amazed that the way she kissed you after the second task didn't end up all over the papers," Angelina chuckled.

"All the reporters at the Prophet think that Harry was behind what...we did about Rita Skeeter," Luna replied, her eyes going unfocused and hollow when she thought about her father.

Hermione wrapped an arm around her, knowing full well what was going through her head for once, and she rested her head on her shoulder. Angelina looked like she wanted to ask something else but held her tongue, not wanting to further upset her teammate's friend. Harry finished his breakfast first and waited for the others to finish picking at theirs before leading them up to the room. The door appeared for them quickly, and he led them to the bedroom, noting the large pile of copied books sitting on the table as he did so.

"I helped Dobby copy a few more earlier," Hermione explained as she closed the door behind them. "Why did you ask us here?"

"The reason that Snape needed Malfoy to go meet with his mother is that I killed his father last night," Harry replied.

"What?" Hermione breathed, looking more surprised than disapproving.

"He wasn't a nice man," Luna replied simply, her face neutral.

"He was a terrible human being and one of Voldemort's biggest supporters," Harry explained, "but that's not why I did it. With Pettigrew's 'confession,' getting Sirius freed should be simple, but Lucius has significant influence over Fudge, and he can cause a lot of trouble from what I've seen of the ministry's structure from Voldemort."

"So you took him out to make it easier to get Sirius a trial more easily?" Hermione asked.

"Lucius had personal reasons to try and stop Sirius from getting a trial," Harry replied. "It all relates to the Black estate and lordship and isn't particularly relevant just now. You two need someone with means and influence to look after you right now, and Sirius is our best bet."

"What do you mean?" Hermione asked.

"Neither one of us has...has guardians left," Luna replied, sounding numb as she went on. "Professor Dumbledore can look after us for the rest of the school year, but past that…"

"The ministry could insist on guardians being found for you," Harry replied, "and unless I've killed them by then, there are a lot of Death Eaters with the means to ensure that they get selected. Your connection to me is already known to Voldemort, and I really don't need to explain more."

"So you want Sirius to take us in," Hermione surmised, trying not to let it show as she felt like a gaping hole reopened in her chest.

"As a lord, not to mention one the ministry would have every reason to kiss the ass of for a while, he could do it easily," Harry replied. "I received a letter from the DMLE this morning asking to meet. Given that Pettigrew blamed Crouch for everything when he was questioned, it won't be difficult for them to assume that he killed Lucius too."

"Could they be on to you?" Hermione asked, concerned.

"If they were, I doubt they'd be politely requesting a meeting," Harry replied, digging the letter out of his robes. "This is apparently a follow-up about Christmas Eve."

Hermione looked over the letter and nodded.

"Thank you for taking care of me, Harry," Luna whispered, climbing into his lap. "Could you come to Daddy's funeral? I don't know if I could get through it alone."

"Of course, I...Merlin, I didn't even think of that," Harry muttered, wrapping his arms around her.

"Professor Dumbledore's taking care of the arrangements," Hermione explained. "We don't...neither of us has anyone else."

Luna whimpered at that, burying her face in the crook of Harry's neck, and he beckoned Hermione over to join them, which she quickly did.

"How does the horcrux hunt go?" the brunette asked, wanting to think of something else.

"All of the ones Voldemort made before his defeat are accounted for," Harry replied. "Sirzechs still has the locket and the diadem, as far as I know."

"The cup and the ring were destroyed," Hermione murmured.

"Yes, tha...actually, not entirely," Harry replied, reaching into his mokeskin pouch. "I completely forgot about it, but one part of the ring survived Sirzechs' power."

"Does that mean he made progress?" Hermione asked.

"He didn't seem to think so," Harry replied, pulling out the dark stone. "This was just more powerful than he anticipated.

"He did destroy the horcrux itself, though, right?" Hermione asked.

"Yes," Harry replied, nodding. "Whatever this is, it isn't one of them anymore."

Luna looked at it and gasped, tearing it out of his hand and rushing out of his lap.

"Luna!" Harry exclaimed. When he saw her hand start shaking and her eyes grow damp, he grew concerned and asked, "What's wrong?"

"This is the stone," Luna replied, her voice shaky.

"What stone?" Hermione asked.

"The Resurrection Stone," Luna replied. "This here is the symbol of the Deathly Hallows."

"That line, triangle, and circle?" Harry asked.

"Yes," Luna replied. "It stands of the three objects given to the brothers Peverell: the Cloak of Invisibility, the Elder Wand, and this. The story's detailed in The Tales of Beedle the Bard."

"Wait, isn't that a collection of fairytales?" Hermione asked, sounding irritated.

"You would think," Luna replied, "and yet we have a stone even Sirzechs Lucifer can't destroy inscribed with this symbol."

"I swear I've seen that somewhere before," Harry murmured, looking down at it.

"The Dark Lord Grindelwald used it as his own symbol," Luna replied.

"I don't think Binns has ever gone over that," Harry said.

"What does it do?" Hermione asked impatiently. "If it is this Resurrection Stone."

"It revives the dead," Luna replied excitedly. "Not fully, but enough to chat with."

Both Harry's and Hermione's eyes widened as Luna placed the stone down on her palm and began turning it. On the third turn, an almost solid-looking projection of Xenophilius Lovegood appeared before them, standing next to a beautiful young woman with blonde hair and silver eyes. Hermione gasped, her hands flying to her mouth while tears streamed down Luna's cheeks and she closed her fist around the stone.

"Hello, Mummy, Daddy," she croaked.

"Don't cry, my little Lunebug," Xenophilius smiled. "Even without that stone, we'll always be with you."

"He's right," Pandora added. "You've grown into such a beautiful young woman."

"Oh my God," Hermione gasped. "That...it…"

"These are Harry and Hermione, Mummy," Luna said in greeting. "They're my...we haven't actually decided on the words yet, but they're some of my lovers."

"I know," Pandora replied, looking at them. "It's nice to be able to speak to you both. You in particular, Harry, have taken such good care of my little girl."

Any chance Harry had of believing that that had been meant innocently died a moment later as Luna said, "He has an incredible penis."

"So I've seen," Pandora chuckled.

"We're so glad that you made such lovely friends, Luna," Xenophilius added, not reacting at all to his daughter talking about her lover's cock. "I always said that your happiness was the most important thing in the world to me."

"I am happy, or I was," Luna replied, her face falling. "I miss you so much."

"There, there," Xenophilius whispered, drawing closer to her. "As I said, we will always be with you."

"Um, we'll give you three some privacy," Harry muttered, taking Hermione's hand and leading her out of the room.

The moment they closed the door behind them Hermione leaned against it, looking as stunned as he felt. The two of them just stood there quietly for a few minutes, looking through books and not really reading any of them.

"That thing, it…" Hermione stammered after a while.

"You can use it when she's done," Harry offered. "You can say goodbye."

"I've barely wrapped my mind around it existing at all," Hermione replied. "Isn't Sirzechs supposed to be impossibly powerful? If he can't break it, what sort of thing could have made it?"

"The gods all seem to exist, so one of them must have done it," Harry shrugged.

Before Hermione could question that, the outer door opened and Fleur walked in. She saw the looks on their faces and asked, "'As something else 'appened?"

"I...I don't even know where to begin," Harry replied.

"Hermione, do you want a turn with the Resurrection Stone?" Luna asked, popping her head out of the bedroom. "Oh, hi, Fleur."

"What?!" Fleur exclaimed.

*****

Hermione turned her down, not being ready to even consider speaking with her deceased parents yet, something that Harry could relate to, as he also couldn't bring himself to do it. Instead, the three of them brought to Fleur up to speed on as much of the insanity in their lives as they were willing to.

"So you 'ave a piece of zis dark lord in your 'ead?" Fleur asked numbly.

"And I need Sirzechs help to get it out," Harry replied.

"That's the main reason that I accepted the devils in his life," Hermione piped up. "Then I got to know them, and they're actually rather nice."

"Zey did seem rather pleasant," Fleur said, her face tight. "I am so sorry for all of ze insanity you've been zrough."

"I've gotten rather used to it," Harry muttered. "You spoke with Rias and Akeno after we left...that night?"

"Oui," Fleur replied, scowling. "Understand zat zis is very 'ard for me. My people 'ave suffered terribly because of our rumored connection to zeir kind."

"That wasn't their fault, though," Luna pointed out, looking a little better than she had before.

Harry was under no delusion about the blonde being instantly cured of her grief just because she managed to speak with her parents again, but her eyes were more focused just then, and he considered that progress.

"It doesn't 'elp zat zey insist we actually are descended from zem," Fleur muttered. "We know zat we are descended from Aphrodite zrough her son, Anastasios. Zat fact 'as been passed down through ze generations for millennia.

"Both origin stories could be true," Luna suggested. "The devils say that the first Veela was the daughter of a succubus who a fallen angel placed with a human family. She then went on to have daughters of her own. Perhaps she caught the eye of this Anastasios."

Fleur considered that for a moment. One part of their origin that had always confused her was why Veela had only daughters if their gifts came from a male ancestor. She didn't necessarily buy the devil's explanation and really didn't want to, but it would answer that one question.

"Do you understand at least why I've been so willing to turn to them?" Harry asked. "Why I want to become one?"

"You've faced zreats no one should 'ave to since you were a year old," Fleur murmured, placing her hand on his. "I might 'ave...reservations, but I can understand."

Harry smiled at her in response, bringing her hand to his lips and kissing it, and Fleur felt an electric shock go through her body that made her cunt ache. The night of passion they had shared following the second task had sated her in a way that nothing ever had, to the point that she hadn't even felt her normal cravings for sexual fulfillment for days after. It was returning, and while part of her wanted to avoid the devil to be that she had started to really like, more than anything she wanted another taste of the sublime pleasure he could give her.

"Maman will be furious if I pursue 'im knowing all zat I do," she thought to herself, "but I cannot imagine not 'aving 'im again."

Shaking her head, Fleur changed the subject, asking, "I was too distracted last time to ask, but what is all of zat out zere? It looks like a library zat stretches on forever, but zis was just a bedroom before."

"For miles, certainly," Hermione replied. "Fleur, this room, there's a reason why it looked different the first time you saw it. This is the Room of Requirement, a room that can take on any form the person controlling it wants."

"Mon dieu!" Fleur exclaimed, her eyes going wide at the possibilities of such a place.

"Hermione had the great idea to see if it could recreate all the books ever written, and that's what you see out there," Luna added. "We call it the omnilibrary."

"All ze…" Fleur trailed off in shock.

"We're getting my house elf to copy the text onto real paper so we can take them all with us," Harry said, amused by her reaction.

Fleur bolted out of her chair and left the bedroom before drawing her wand and casting, "Accio Nicolas Flamel's grimoire."

"Oh, wow, why didn't we think of that?" Harry asked as Hermione facepalmed.

"'Arry, zis…" Fleur stammered, holding the large, leather-bound tome that had flown towards her in shaking hands."

"Is another thing I'd rather you didn't mention to anyone," Harry murmured.

"Oui," Fleur nodded. "People would do unspeakable zings to get zere 'ands on zis library. Zis book alone is utterly priceless. No one other zan ze Flamels zemselves 'ave seen ze Philosopher's Stone in centuries, and with it now lost…"

"It was about yea big and bright red," Harry interrupted her, demonstrating with his hands the rough dimensions of the stone from what he recalled.

Fleur just gawked at him for a moment before asking, "What?"

"Right, I haven't gotten to that one yet," Harry chuckled. "It involves a troll, a Cerberus, and a really big game of chess."

*****

"Sona, do you have a minute?" Rias asked, walking into the student council room at Kuoh Academy.

"For you, always," Sona replied with a slight smile. "Excuse us, Tsubaki."

"Of course," Tsubaki nodded, getting up and walking out, closing the door behind her.

"You seem serious," Sona murmured.

Rias would have made a joke about that, given who she was speaking with, but the matter was important.

"I came across something the other day that I'd like you to look at," she said, summoning the ritual scroll Akeno had spotted in the omnilibrary.

"What is it?" Sona asked, taking the scroll and unfurling it. As she spread it out and saw the text, her eyes widened, and she asked, "What in the world?"

"You see why I was so instantly intrigued," Rias chuckled. "The text looks like Luciferian."

"Yet it isn't," Sona breathed, looking it over. "Oh, how fascinating!"

"It's more interesting than that," Rias continued. "It's a scroll detailing a very interesting ritual, one that I think might be of great use to us."

"The Master-Servant Contract," Sona read aloud. As she continued from there, her eyebrows shooting towards her hairline as she realized just what she had in her hands. "Where did you find this?"

"One of Harry's enemies had a vast collection of magical texts in his possession," Rias lied. "This was by far the most interesting of them."

"Most interesting?" Sona scoffed. "This could be game-changing. Stray devils are one of the biggest problems we deal with and by far the greatest flaw with the evil pieces. With this, they could be contained by their masters with ease, and we'd no longer need to worry about them causing trouble on Earth at all."

"I know," Rias nodded. "On paper, it's perfect, but you've told me more than once to be suspicious of things that look perfect."

Sona chuckled, her eyes darting to her beloved old chess set for a moment before she replied, saying, "It does seem too good to be true, honestly, and I'm really suspicious of the text itself. I've read a handful of old Luciferian documents in my life, and while these characters look similar, too similar to be a coincidence, frankly, I've never seen anything like it."

"My guess is that it's a proto-version of the language," Rias commented, "but my parents had never seen anything like it either. I sent a copy to Lord Ajuka, but he's busy just now. Frankly, I'm lucky to have gotten as much of his time this year as I did."

"Indeed," Sona murmured coolly, her face tightening slightly.

"My mother said she'd write to Lord Zekram, though what he'll want in exchange for looking at the letters, I have no idea," Rias scowled. "With Lord Ajuka busy, I figured I'd turn to the second smartest person I know for help."

"I'd say flattery will get you nowhere, but I am admittedly intrigued," Sona chuckled. "I'll look it over and let you know if I can think of any potential pitfalls. Is this about your human beau?"

"Things are getting...dangerous in England just now," Rias replied. "Being able to know definitively at all times where he is would be nice."

"Dangerous how?" Sona asked, furrowing her brow.

"There's a cadre of wizards after Harry," Rias replied. "It's nothing I can't handle, but their first move had tragic consequences, and that really stressed the need for caution."

"If you need help, you know there are plenty of people you can turn to," Sona murmured.

"I know," Rias smiled. "Thank you."

"I should be thanking you for a puzzle of this magnitude," Sona replied. "Think you have time for a game?"

She gestured to her chess set, and Rias smiled.

*****

"Ahh!" Draco screamed, hot tears streaking his face as he unleashed another blasting hex in his father's old training room.

Narcissa wept as she watched him, not for Lucius, as their marriage had never been particularly warm, but for the pain her darling boy was going through. She'd nearly fallen down in shock when the aurors arrived to tell her of the crime late in the night. Someone had murdered her husband and cast the dark mark above the house it was done in, actively trying to get as much attention as possible.

If this had happened weeks ago, she might have suspected the dark lord, but Lucius had paid penance to him already, and the powerful man had seemed to accept him back into the fold. One could never truly be certain with him, but what was certain was that this left him in a weaker position than before. With Lucius dead and Draco unable to claim the Malfoy estate for another three years, most of their gold was going to be locked away completely out of their grasp. Lucius left enough around that they'd be able to look after themselves, but their ability to fund their lord's operations was going to be sharply curtailed.

"How did it happen?!" Draco demanded, shaking with rage and red-eyed. "Our lord wouldn't have sanctioned this! He couldn't have!"

"It was...Potter," a weak voice rasped behind them.

"Who dar...Bella?" Narcissa asked, whipping around and gawking at what she beheld.

Bellatrix looked as weak as she had the day before when their lord came and took her and the other escapees with him to somewhere in mainland Europe. She hadn't expected to see her sister again for a while, certainly not until after she'd recovered from her ordeal.

"Potter?" Draco asked incredulously.

"Come, you two; our lord has words for you," Bellatrix replied weakly before turning and leading them towards their fireplace.

In the fire was the familiar visage of Lord Voldemort, looking furious.

"A great wrong has been done to your family," he hissed.

"How could Potter have done this?" Draco demanded, his grief overriding his sense for a moment. "He's just a filthy half-blood!"

"Do not question our lord!" Bellatrix shrieked, needing to grasp the wall as the strain of that weighed on her.

"Peace, Bellatrix," Voldemort murmured. "I sympathize with your pain, young Malfoy, and I promise you, you will have revenge."

"My lord, not that I doubt you, but how could Potter have learned your spell?" Narcissa asked.

"Igor is in Hogwarts just now," Voldemort replied.

"I'll kill him!" Draco roared, his face going crimson in rage. "I'll tear him apart after I make him watch Crabbe and Goyle ruin his little whores!"

"If you try it, you'll die," Voldemort said calmly.

"I'm not afraid of him!" Draco shouted only to cry out in pain and grab his head.

"I am sympathetic to you, Draco, but if you speak like that to me again, the pain you feel now will be nothing to what I'll do to you," Voldemort hissed.

"M...my lord, please, forgive him," Narcissa begged, rushing over to her son, who had fallen to his knees. "He's just a grieving boy."

"I'm aware," Voldemort murmured, nodding.

Draco panted as the pain passed and Narcissa stared at the fireplace in horror, not having known that it was even possible to project magic through the floo.

"Tell me...what to do...please," Draco gasped. "I'll do anything to help you take him down. I want his head."

"You'll have it," Voldemort grinned. "Complete the task I have for you, and when I finally kill Harry Potter, I will let you parade his head around Magical Britain and show all that the boy-who-lived does so no longer."

"Name it," Draco grinned, his mind swimming with fantasies of murder.

"Potter has acquired for himself a powerful patron," Voldemort explained. "This is why it would be suicide for you to move against him just now. I am working to neutralize this patron, and once I have, I'm going to strike against him directly. To do that, I need a way into Hogwarts, one which will allow me to bypass the wards."

"How could I help with that?" Draco asked, wincing when Voldemort's eyes narrowed.

"As a boy, I attended Hogwarts," Voldemort murmured, "and I came across something of great importance. It was a vanishing cabinet, stored in an old room I stumbled across. Its pair was damaged, and I spent years tracking it down so I could fix it. It lies in Borgin and Burke's, and I will arrange for it to be moved to a safehouse. What I need you to do is check on the other one and make sure that it is in working order. I left it in an abandoned classroom in the dark tower. "

"What if it isn't functional?" Draco asked.

"Reach out to Borgin," Voldemort replied. "He'll be informed to expect your owl and provide what assistance he can if needed."

"I won't fail you, my lord," Draco vowed.

"See to it that you don't," Voldemort scowled. "Come, Bella. You look tired."

"Thank you, my lord," Bellatrix croaked. Turning to Draco, she reached into her robes and pulled out an illustration of the cabinet before handing it to him and saying, "Make our lord proud, nephew."

Voldemort stepped back and grinned, and Bellatrix fell out of the fireplace a moment later.

"I did as you bade me, my lord," she whispered, "but I still think the little shit deserved the cruciatus for speaking to you so."

"That would have sent a different message," Voldemort murmured, "and you couldn't have done it silently and wandlessly."

Little displays of power had their uses, and making people believe that you could do the impossible, like cast spells through the floo, was both amusing and often useful.

"Rest up," Voldemort commanded. "I'm going to need you at full strength soon."

"I live to serve, my Lord," Bellatrix grinned before stumbling off to bed.

Looking around the sitting room of the empty manor he'd commandeered as his temporary home in Germany, he sighed and scratched his head. Finding the cabinet in the Room of Requirement in his seventh year had been a stroke of good fortune, and he'd known even then that it could be useful to him. Tracking down the thing's pair had been more difficult than tracking down the founder's artifacts and was something he'd only managed in the late seventies.

He'd sought the assistance of his old employer in repairing the thing and ultimately left it with him, trusting that he'd do as he'd commanded and leave it as nothing more than décor for his shop. Knowing that he had left a way into the old fool's stronghold right under his crooked nose had amused him greatly, and he planned to make use of it after killing the prophesied child and completing his set of horcruxes, but then things went terribly wrong.

"My lord," Corbin Yaxley said solemnly, genuflecting before him. "Someone just entered the house you wanted us to watch."

"Excellent," Voldemort smiled. "Rise."

"Also, the others have been informed of your orders," Corbin murmured. "Most say they'll be here by tonight. The rest will need a couple of days."

Voldemort scowled at that but said nothing. He was left with the delicate task of summoning his Death Eaters out of Britain without letting on that they were actually fleeing for their lives. Admitting such weakness to them was unacceptable, but leaving them where Potter's angel could easily find and kill them was also unacceptable. He had to admit, to himself, anyway, that Potter had caught him off-guard.

Years of fighting against Dumbledore and the aurors had let him get used to his opponents who fought with one arm tied behind their backs. The old fool would never have abducted and murdered one of his inner circle members so brazenly, and neither would the ministry have ever signed off on such an assassination. His new foe was more daring and more capable than they ever had been, and that meant that he needed to change his tactics.

"Just see to it that they get here," he hissed.

"Yes, my lord," Yaxley murmured, nodding his head.

Voldemort apparated almost silently and appeared before the house he'd had his men watch since they got here. Hidden away in Marienhöhe forest just outside Hamburg was a quaint little one-story house that he knew from experience hid a massive, sprawling reverse tower under the ground. It was warded to be completely invisible to muggles and gave off a discomforting aura that kept most wizards and witches away as well. He hadn't been here in thirty years, and yet he knew at a glance that almost nothing had changed.

"Leave," he commanded, knowing that his Death Eaters would obey without question.

Sure enough, the distinct sounds of apparition followed, and that wasn't all that did.

"I vas vondering who had sent men to vatch my home," a deep, faintly accented voice murmured and Voldemort sighed.

"Show yourself, Reinhardt," he murmured and the old man chuckled.

"Just as humorless as ever, Fluchtvormtod," the man chuckled.

"I won't be lectured about humorlessness by a German," Voldemort replied, repeating some of the first words he'd ever spoken to the man back in the fifties. The man laughed just as he had then.

Standing in front of the door to the small house, a figure shimmered into existence. Clad in black robes, he looked ancient, even more so than he had the last time they'd met. He was utterly bald, with thick white eyebrows that framed his sunken, milky white eyes. A thick snowy beard obscured the rest of his face, being cut just below his chin, but even with it, Voldemort could see the amused tilt of his lips.

"Klaus Reinhardt," he murmured. "I've told you before not to call me that."

"It's a rough translation of your pseudonym," Reinhardt shrugged. "It's not my fault zat you chose von in ze wretched tongue of ze French. I did vonder vhen I'd see you again after news of your death came. Come inside."

Voldemort bristled at the blind man's blatant disrespect but said nothing as he followed him into his home. It wasn't something that he'd tolerate from anyone else, but Klaus Reinhardt was a singularly unique resource, and, moreover, the man knew it. As a young man he'd traveled far in search of knowledge and quickly found out that most of the more interesting wizards in this part of the world had either died or been imprisoned for following Grindelwald. The man before him was one notable exception, a master of the dark arts and one-time advisor to the man Dumbledore made his name by besting.

"I assume it vas not truly a child who bested you," Reinhardt murmured, waving his wand at the sizable keg that sat in his kitchen.

Two steins were quickly filled with beer, and Voldemort grabbed his out of the air. He didn't much care for beer, or alcohol in general, but Reinhardt didn't believe in speaking with guests without sharing something of the sort, and he was one of very, very few people that the dark lord was willing to humor at all.

"Of course not," he hissed, sitting down. "The boy's mother made use of some truly ancient and powerful magic to protect him, sacrificing her life in the process. I was so exuberant about my victory that I failed to notice."

"Vhat?" Reinhardt asked. "When you died, I assumed zat ze culprit was celestial in origin, und vith you coming here…"

"No, tha…" Voldemort trailed off, considering for a moment something that he hadn't before. "Did Lily contact Baraqiel? It might explain how she as able to...no, if he'd been protected by him all this time, our meeting back in '91 would have gone differently. Whenever his pact was made, it must be more recent than that."

"The boy grew up and managed to attain the service of a powerful being," Voldemort explained, "one who's becoming quite vexing to me."

"Who?" Reinhardt asked.

"Baraqiel," Voldemort replied, and the man's blind eyes widened.

"Baraqiel?" Reinhardt repeated incredulously. "Are you certain?"

"There was a massacre of my forces a couple days ago, including Fenrir Greyback," Voldemort admitted, watching the man grow even more shocked at the knowledge about the infamous werewolf's death. "At the site of his death there were distinct traces of powerful lightning magic which, felt exactly how the unknown author of Conversations with the Divine described Baraqiel's magic. Is that so strange?"

"In a vord, ja," Reinhardt replied. "Azazal plots constantly, und von never truly knows vhat he is doing, so he vould make sense. Kokabiel is alvays happy to spill blood; you'd like him, and so he vould also make sense, but Baraqiel is not von to insert himself into mortal affairs vithout cause. Could ze boy be his?"

"No, he's the spitting image of his pureblood father," Voldemort replied, sipping the pale, blonde liquid in his stein and suppressing a grimace. "You see why I turned to you. You are…"

"I know vhat I am," Reinhardt interrupted him, "und it is precisely because of my expertise zat I can tell you confidently zat Baraqiel's involvement here is strange. His weakness, like zat of most of his peers, is human vomen. I can zink of no reason for him to help a random English boy. Does ze boy have a large-breasted sister?"

"No," Voldemort replied flatly. "There...is a prophecy in play between us."

"Zat vould interest Azazel and perhaps a couple other fallen angels, but not Baraqiel," Reinhardt murmured, stroking his beard. "Zere is something you are missing here unless ze boy has something in his possession that he could offer Baraqiel."

"Some treasure of the Potters' perhaps," Voldemort muttered.

"Zat is ze only zing I can zink of which vould make sense," Reinhardt said. "Given vhat I know of the ze angel in question, I vould say ze zeir relationship is almost certainly transactional, vhich means zat you only truly need to eliminate ze boy, zough zere in lies ze problem."

"I need to kill him quickly, before Baraqiel can arrive," Voldemort mused. "I am in the process of setting a trap for him, one which he has already walked into, but I need to ensure that I can strike him down the moment I see him. I also need to neutralize Dumbledore."

"Oh, is zat all?" Reinhardt laughed humorlessly before he realized exactly what Voldemort was talking about, and his eyes widened. "You intend to strike him in Hogvarts."

"The wards there would delay Baraqiel at least, right?" Voldemort asked.

"Not for long, but ja," Reinhardt replied. "You know, zere vas von who came close to neutralizing your old headmaster."

"Close isn't exactly what I'm looking for," Voldemort hissed.

Reinhardt just chuckled and said, "You don't need to kill him; just distract him, und I know a few of Gellert's old followers who are still alive, und free, who might be able to help you vith zat."

A grin slowly formed on Voldemort's face, and he set his stein down, saying, "I often wonder how the hell you stayed out of prison after the war."

"I had no part in ze var," Reinhardt chuckled. "I am but a simple scholar who keeps to himself und occasionally offers ze odd bit of advice. If certain dark lords happen to take zat advice ze vrong vay, vell…Come with me, old friend, I zink I have something you might find helpful."

With a wave of his wand, the floor at the center of his living room opened up to reveal a long spiral staircase, one that Voldemort knew led several stories under the ground. Klaus Reinhardt, explorer of the darkest depths of magic and advisor to dark wizards for longer than anyone alive could say, was just what he needed. The man was knowledgeable, powerful, and the only man alive other than him that he knew for a fact had created a horcrux. He wouldn't fight your wars for you or even dirty his hands, but he was always happy to assist an aspiring dark lord who managed to find him. Voldemort followed him downstairs, already plotting out his next meeting with Potter. One thing was certain: it would be their last.

*****

"Mmm, my brutal warrior," Akeno purred, jumping him the second he summoned her. "You have no idea how difficult it was to have to let you go after last night."

"Was it?" Harry chuckled, grabbing large handfuls of her plump arse as he held her up.

"She was utterly ravenous," Rias cooed. "You should have seen the state of my bed by the time we passed out."

"Fuck," Harry groaned, kissing the raven-haired beauty passionately.

She responded in kind, wrapping her long legs more tightly around him and holding his head. Rias watched the two of them make out, feeling her panties become ruined quickly, and undressed herself with a wave of her hand.

"How are Hermione and Luna?" she asked.

"Taking things day by day," Harry replied, breaking the kiss.

"If I don't see them tonight, send them my best," Akeno murmured, jumping down and undressing herself.

"You won't be," Harry replied. "Hermione has work to get done, and Luna wanted to be alone tonight."

"I feel awful for them," Rias sighed. "They have no one left."

"They have me...us," Harry murmured. "It will have to be enough."

"About that, I…" Rias went to say only for the bedroom door to open.

"'Arry, I wanted to ask…" Fleur went to say, going still as she caught sight of the two naked devils. "Oh."

"Hello, Fleur," Rias said. Spotting the old-looking book in her hands, she asked, "What's that?"

"Ze grimoire of Nicolas Flamel," Fleur replied, seeing no reason to lie.

"I told her about the omnilibrary," Harry added.

"Oui," Fleur muttered. "I wanted to ask more about your experiences with ze Stone, but…"

"If you're looking to try and make a Philosopher's Stone of your own, it won't work," Rias cut in. "Lord Ajuka's been trying to for centuries without success."

"What?" Harry asked, confused.

"I take it zis 'Ajuka' is a devil, oui?" Fleur asked. "Why would 'e need a Stone? You people live forever, do you not?"

"Not really, and it wasn't for the elixir of life," Rias replied. "The stone is capable of so much more than that."

"I know it could turn lead into gold, but is that really so important to the devils?" Harry asked.

"It's transmutational powers were far greater than that," Rias explained. "It could turn any mineral into any other mineral."

"I'm still not seeing why that would be terribly important to Ajuka of all people," Harry remarked.

"The crystals we use for the evil pieces are only found on Agreas, and they are decidedly finite," Rias explained. "Has Harry explained how those work?"

"The things you use to turn 'umans into devils, oui," Fleur muttered.

"There's a reason why devils who are permitted peerages are given a chess set of evil pieces and not enough for a legion," Akeno continued, "and it isn't just because Lord Ajuka is very fond of chess."

"The philosopher's stone could allow him to make infinite crystals and thus infinite evil pieces," Rias grinned. "Our numbers would be legion then. Unfortunately, Flamel had no desire to help him."

"I'm surprised he didn't use force," Fleur murmured.

"It wouldn't have helped him if he'd tried," Rias explained. "The stone was bound to Nicolas Flamel, and he had no desire to become a devil himself. He was apparently quite apologetic and polite to Lord Ajuka, from what my brother told me, and even gave him the formula for creating a stone, but warned him that he'd never pull it off."

"Why not?" Harry asked. "And wait a minute, only Flamel could use the stone?"

"Yes," Rias replied. "Voldemort's plot in your first year here wouldn't have worked even if he'd succeeded."

"But then...why did he destroy it?" Harry spluttered.

"He turned down Lord Ajuka's offer because, despite everything, he didn't want to live for millennia," Akeno replied, having heard the story before. "He and his wife had a sizable bucket list of things they wanted to do when he met them in the seventeenth century and must have finished them off by the time they gave your headmaster the stone."

"Maybe setting up an oddly elaborate set of puzzles to get to their stone was on the list," Harry muttered. "Why could Flamel do it and not Ajuka, though?"

"The final step is impossible," Rias replied. "It's been a long time since I went over this, and I only know as much as I do because Sona wanted to give it a try and begged me to get Sirzechs to tell her the story years ago, but the final step involves taking the nearly perfect stone and bathing it in something Flamel called 'the quintessence,' a sort of pure energy that he stumbled across once and could never replicate. Nothing that Lord Ajuka has done since has worked."

"Huh?" Harry muttered.

"I would imagine that the instructions in that grimoire are identical to what Flamel gave him," Akeno said.

"Perhaps, but what about 'is journals?" Fleur asked, taking pleasure in the surprised looks they gave her. "I checked earlier, and zere are 'undreds of volumes of 'is and Perenelle's journals from zeir long life."

"Oh wow," Rias chuckled. "I didn't even think of that."

Fleur wouldn't have helped them normally, but the library would be theirs soon enough, and there was no stopping that without damaging her nascent relationship with Harry. After hearing what he had gone through over the last few years, it was very apparent to her that he had fully committed to attaching himself to the devils' cause, and she couldn't even really fault him.

Knowing that, her options were to walk away or try to accept it, and she really didn't want to walk away. Her hunger had returned, and there was only one man she wanted to sate it. She could turn to another, sure, but it would be like choosing to dine on cat food when lobster and prime rib were available. She wanted him with every fiber of her being, and she wasn't about to deny herself just because she found a couple of his bedmates questionable.

"As it is, I could get to know zem ze Veela way," she thought to herself.

She could feel their feelings for Harry well enough from a distance, but if she joined them all in bed, any question she could have would be answered in full. You could not hide your feelings from one such as her during sex, and if nothing else, his devil lovers were very beautiful.

"You know, Arry, you are being quite rude just now," Fleur purred. When he furrowed his brow in confusion, she added, "You have two very beautiful, very naked women here looking to fuck you, and you're bothering with conversation."

"I think he has three very beautiful women here looking to fuck him," Akeno giggled, looking her up and down.

"Fleur?" Harry asked, giving her a look that was part hope, part wariness.

Grinning, she drew her wand and charmed her clothes off. Walking towards him, she rolled her hips exaggeratedly, giggling as his eyes darted between her wet womanhood and her breasts.

"I zink you are overdressed, mon tresor," she purred, trailing a finger down along his chest.

"Oh, I think we're going to get along just fine," Akeno grinned, wrapping an arm around Harry from behind and nibbling on his earlobe.

"Fuck," he gasped, feeling his cock throb against his pants, desperately trying to escape its confines.

"I certainly hope so," Fleur thought to herself, cupping his cheek and pulling him down for a kiss.

Her tongue plunged into his mouth, and from the moment she felt his slide against it, all concerns fled from her mind. Heat bloomed low in her belly and radiated outward, enveloping her completely. She moaned triumphantly into his mouth when she felt his clothes disappeared, and didn't hesitate for a moment to press her body against him, trapping his massive cock between their forms. Akeno kissed along his neck, pressing her large breasts against his back, and reached around to her, sliding her hands between them and cupping Fleur's mounds.

"Wha...ahh!" Fleur cried when she felt Rias brush her long blonde hair aside and start peppering her neck with kisses.

"Such incredible taste in women you have, Harry," the crimson-haired beauty purred.

"Does she?" Akeno asked. "Taste incredible, I mean?"

"Like heaven," Harry replied with a grin, sliding a hand down along her flat belly to her dripping quim.

"Ahh!" Fleur cried when she felt him slide a finger inside her.

His hands were so large that even his digit stretched her nicely, and as arousing as having him finger her was, it was nothing compared to what he did next: pulling his slick finger from her pussy, he brought it over to Akeno, who didn't hesitate to wrap her lips around it, sucking her arousal off with a moan. Fleur's inner walls clenched around nothing, and she panted with need.

Rias brushed her hair behind her ear, her eyes holding a question that needed no words. The redhead was the same height as Fleur, and so neither needed to crane their heads at all when the Veela pulled her in for a searing, hot kiss.

"Holy fuck," Harry muttered as he watched two of the hottest girls he'd ever met make out. If his cock got any harder, he feared it might explode.

"As she said, you have wonderful taste," Akeno laughed, "but then, so does she."

Without another word, she sank to her knees and wrapped her hand around his cock. Stroking the long, very thick shaft, she grinned at the look of pleasure on his face, her purple eyes full of mirth.

"Keep your eyes on them, Harry," Akeno purred.

"I think I can erase Fleur's reservations about us," Rias added mentally, sounding deeply amused as she walked the beautiful Veela back towards the bed. "You know how persuasive I can be."

Akeno moved a chair towards him, facing the bed, and he sat down just as she lowered her head down towards his cock. He moaned her name as she swallowed his cock to the hilt, doing as she told him to and keeping his eyes locked on Rias and Fleur.

Fleur moaned into Rias's mouth, feeling the other woman's lust and desire radiate out of her. There were other emotions mixed in there too that she was able to pick up on as she rolled the redhead onto her back. Her genuine love for Harry was unmistakable, and it really did set Fleur's mind at ease, at least a little, to be able to feel that devils were capable of that.

So much of what her people had suffered from humans had been because of their supposed connection to the 'monstrous' devils, and as they tried to distance themselves from them, it was hard not to internalize the notion themselves. She was well aware of how unfairly groups of people could be vilified, though, and though she'd stay on her guard for the time being, knowing that Rias could love Harry as she did was helpful.

"You might be the only non-devil woman I've ever seen with breasts this spectacular," Rias murmured, rolling her onto her back and cupping her heavy mounds.

"That was...holy fuck, that feels good...Luna's first clue that there might be some connection between your peoples," Harry moaned.

"I will need greater proof zen ze fact zat we both 'ave incredible bodies," Fleur replied dryly, more amused by the other blonde's thought process than annoyed. "Ahh!'

While she was distracted, Rias buried her face between her breasts, peppering her soft, sensitive skin with kisses before capturing one of her nipples with her lips. She snaked her fingers through the other girl's hair, holding her to her chest as she teased her hard little nub with her lips, tongue, and teeth. She switched back and forth between them, doing her best to drive her mad, and Fleur sighed and whimpered in pleasure.

"I want to taste you too," she gasped as Rias' tongue dipped into her navel.

"If you insist," the redhead purred, sliding up along her body.

She allowed her pendulous breasts to brush against Fleur's face, and the Veela captured one of her pink nipples with her lips, sucking on it and making the devil gasp. Harry watched the two of them with rapt attention even as Akeno made that difficult. The raven-haired woman was bobbing her head up and down on his shaft, her lips stretched wide and her cheeks caved in. She was moving slowly and taking only half of him at a time, stroking the rest with her saliva-slicked hand. When she suddenly took him to the root again, swallowing his shaft into her tight little throat, he cried out and looked down at her, finding her purple eyes dark with lust and yet deeply amused.

Letting his cock slip from her lips with an audible pop, she looked over at Fleur and Rias, who had just climbed on top of the blonde, her dripping pussy being lowered towards her mouth, and chuckled. "They look good together, don't they?"

"Yes," Harry sighed.

Even after everything he'd been through that year, it was still insane to think that Fleur Delacour had not only become his lover but was neither the only one nor unhappy about that fact.

"You keep bringing us such lovely sex pets, Harry," Akeno giggled. "You're spoiling us."

"There is no possible argument for me not being the spoiled one," Harry replied dryly, making her grin.

"The spoiling is very mutual, trust me," Akeno purred, lowering her head towards his balls.

She started licking them lightly, lapping at his scrotum like an ice cream cone, and he hissed at the pleasurable sensation. When she sucked one of the large orbs into her hot little mouth, he moaned her name and looked over at Rias and Fleur. The two of them were both moaning in pleasure, but their sounds were muffled by the other as they lapped at each other's quims. Akeno stroked his cock with slow, firm tugs while sucking on his balls, coating both of them in her spit and marinating his brain in bliss.

"Fuck, you're good at that," Rias moaned as Fleur sucked on her throbbing clit.

"I am Veela," Fleur purred. "Zere isn't one among us 'oo doesn't master ze art of cunnilingus within a year of our urges manifesting. Our first lovers are almost always women, usually older sisters or cousins."

"How...ugh...bad do your...urges get?" Rias moaned, reluctantly lifting her hips off of the silver-haired goddess' face.

"Veela who do not get some manner of regular satisfaction become lethargic and drained," Fleur replied. "If we are denied long enough, we can even go mad."

"Admittedly, that does sound more like succubus stuff than Aphrodite stuff," Harry thought to himself.

"You must have loved finding Harry then," Akeno purred, turning around to look at the Veela. "His tongue alone is so good it's almost deadly."

"Oui," Fleur replied, her eyes nearly black with lust as she stared at his throbbing cock. "For once in my life, I knew true peace, true satisfaction."

"Then let's get you more of it," Rias chuckled.

Before Fleur could ask what she meant, Rias' wings sprang from her back, and, after spinning around in the air, she picked Fleur up.

"What?" Fleur asked before laughing as she realized what the devil had in mind.

Akeno lifted his cock up, holding it in place, as Rias flew her over and lowered her down onto the shaft. Fleur's eyes went wide, and a loud, lewd moan escaped her pouty lips as she felt her inner walls give way almost instantly for the thick, pulsating dick. Harry groaned as he felt her hot, slick cunt envelop him completely, and, as Rias flew away, he wrapped his arms around her and kissed her deeply.

"I missed this," he murmured.

"So did I!" Fleur cried.

She had slowed things down after they slept together, wanting to get to know him and his lovers a little better before she deepened their connection at all, and then with everything that happened on the awful night where she learned just what his mystery lovers were, she hadn't even considered going to him again. The simple fact was, though, that Harry was a kind, giving, courageous man who could satisfy her needs like no one else she'd ever had, and as she rode his massive cock hard, she knew that she was already too hooked to look back.

"You should spend your every night in here," Harry grunted, grasping her arse tightly as she bounced on his cock. "With Hermione, Luna, Rias, Akeno, and me, we could make sure your every desire is fulfilled and then some."

"Oui!" Fleur cried, closing her eyes and picturing what he described.

His cock bumped against a spot deep inside her that made her see stars, and she screamed his name. He was such a stud, such an incredible, virile man, that she knew she'd be happy with him. She could just imagine them lounging on a beach somewhere warm, surrounded by the harem of other beautiful women he'd doubtlessly attract as the years went on. With him, she could live like the Veela of old, enjoying a life of debaucherous delight, surrounded by lovers more than happy to ensure that she never spent a single moment wanting.

"More, more, more!" she cried as she soared towards her peak.

"You're already close, aren't you?" Harry asked, cupping one of her heavy breasts and bringing the nipple to his lips.

"Oui," Fleur moaned.

Reaching down with his free hand, he stroked her taut clit and whispered in her ear, "You know, the whole night we spent together, we forgot to try one thing."

"What was...ahh...that?" Fleur moaned.

"I didn't use parseltongue," Harry replied, and Fleur's eyes went wide as she realized he was right.

The sounds of Akeno's pleasured cries behind her seemed distant as she recalled the entire long night. She had lost her wits when he teased her too much and taken him in her harpy form until she came enough to return to normal. After that, they'd had sex again and again for hours, but it had been his cock that she'd come to crave and demanded, over and over again until she couldn't keep her eyes open anymore. One of the most attractive things about him, and she'd completely forgotten in the moment; that simply would not do.

"We need to correct that mistake," Fleur purred, kissing him deeply.

"I agree," Harry chuckled. "Cum for me, and I'll eat you out until you pass out."

He rubbed her clit harder and shifted slightly in his chair, ensuring that he hit that sensitive spot inside her again. Fleur picked up her pace, chasing her peak wildly for more than its own sake. She'd read accounts of just how utterly divine parseltongue could be and wanted to experience that for herself desperately.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh...gah!" Fleur squealed as she came, and Harry immediately wrapped his arms around her tightly and lifted them both into the air.

Writhing in mind-melting bliss, she couldn't even bring herself to notice the sudden flight, much less question it, and by the time she came down from her high, she was lying on top of him on the large, comfortable bed, and the distinct sound of female whining was what first broke her out of her stupor.

"Having fun?" Harry asked.

"Tell her to stop being mean, Harry," Akeno begged, and Fleur furrowed her brow in confusion before lifting herself up to see what was going on.

The dark-haired devil had her arms stretched above her head, her hands bound to the headboard by silk scarves. Fleur could tell at a glance that her bindings weren't nearly strong enough to actually hold someone as powerful as she certainly was and that her begging was performative, which made her chuckle.

"Do you really mean that?" Rias asked, slowly coaxing three of her fingers in and out of the other girl's dripping pussy, curling them upward to stroke her g-spot, probably just barely hard enough to do anything for her.

"I don't think she does," Harry chuckled, grinning devilishly. "I think she wants to suffer more."

"Ahh!" Akeno cried as he pinched her left nipple. "You two are terrible."

"You love us for it," Rias chuckled.

"I do," Akeno sighed before freezing, her purple eyes widening and darting to Harry.

"I love you too," Harry smiled, brushing a few loose hairs out of her face and kissing her softly.

Akeno undid the scarves with a simple spell and grabbed his head, deepening the kiss, and Fleur felt a pang of longing she'd never felt before. Impaled on Harry's cock and close enough to Rias and Akeno to touch them, she could feel the depths of their emotions plainly and knew that a bourgeoning love was developing between all three of them. It felt beautiful, and for just a moment she wanted it more than she'd ever wanted anything in her life. The moment passed, and she realized how silly that was, given that she was still just getting to know him and had only really just met Rias and Akeno, whom she still didn't trust, but a mild pang of longing remained.

"I'm going to need you to bend me over and fucking destroy me later," Akeno grinned, wiping her eyes, "but right now, you have a gorgeous blonde to drive insane."

"I do, don't I?" Harry chuckled as Akeno tied the scarves back in place.

Fleur peered into his eyes and mouthed the word, 'legilimency.' Nodding, Harry peered into her mind for a moment and established the same sort of connection that he had during the second task.

"Whatever else, they do truly love you," she murmured mentally.

"Give them a chance, and I think you'll come to really like them," Harry replied. "You know better than most how unfairly vilified people can be for what they are."

She nodded at that, chuckling at how closely it mirrored her own thought from a few minutes earlier, and he broke the connection just as Akeno's back arched off the bed.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh...damn it!" she cried in frustration.

"You know the longer I torture you the harder you'll cum, darling," Rias chuckled, licking her lover's fluids off of her ring finger. Catching Fleur's eye, she smirked and extended her hand towards her, asking, "Want a taste?"

"Oui," Fleur breathed, leaning down towards the redhead's hand and wrapping her lips around her fingers.

The pussy juice coating them was some of the most magic-laced Fleur had ever tasted, and she moaned at both the flavor and the power of it. Harry's cum had a very similar effect, a testament to how strong he truly was, and she was suddenly overcome by the desire to slurp a load of his out of one of them.

"Come, Fleur," Harry rumbled, his voice deepened by desire. "I want to taste you."

He lifted her off of his cock with surprising ease, and she happily crawled forward, eager to lower her dripping quim onto his lips. She thought he might ease her into the joys of parseltongue but quickly learned that there was no such thing as she heard him hiss for just a moment before she was plunged into orgasmic bliss and could do nothing more than scream.

"Cum for me, Fleur," Harry hissed, holding her tightly as she began to shake and convulse on top of him. "You've really come to mean a lot to me, and I really hope you can accept all of the women I love. This connection between us is special, and I want to explore it more, but I can't give them up."

"I will never tire of watching you do that to someone," Rias chuckled, ghosting her fingers over Akeno's flat belly as she waited for her best friend to cool down a little.

The other girl bit her lower lip, feeling her pussy quiver and flutter around nothing at the arousing sight before her. Fleur's pleasured screams were echoing through the room as she bucked and writhed on Harry's face. She knew from experience that the Veela would cum over and over again for as long as Harry continued to vibrate his tongue against her sensitive flesh, enduring the mind-shattering ecstasy of it until she passed out or he stopped. His muscles tensed from the effort it took to hold her still, and she sighed at the sight of how strong he'd become.

"I can't imagine what he'll look like in a couple years at this rate," Akeno thought to herself, shuddering as she pictured him growing into a tall, muscular hunk.

When Fleur slumped forward after a few minutes, Rias wrapped her arms around the sweat-slicked blonde and helped her off of Harry's face. He was smeared with her wetness, which had run down along her jaw and towards his neck as Fleur continued to come over and over again, and from the way his cock throbbed, the head looking purple, that he'd enjoyed it immensely.

"Have fun?" she asked, grinning.

"I could do that for hours," Harry replied, licking his lips and making her shudder.

"I think that might actually kill one of us," Rias chuckled as she laid Fleur's twitching, panting form on the bed.

With an impish grin on her face, Akeno undid the bindings again and flew over to Rias, picking her up while her back was turned.

"Akeno!?" she exclaimed, confused as Akeno flew her over to Harry. "What in the world are...HARRY!"

Akeno laughed at how quickly she came. Harry hadn't needed to read her mind to know what she planned as she flew Rias towards him, and the second she positioned the redhead on his face, he started speaking parseltongue against her sopping wet cunt. Akeno held her in place, her arms wrapped around her from behind, and laughed as she writhed in her embrace. She'd pay for this later, she knew, and was sure that she'd love every second of her punishment, but the opportunity to see her best friend completely overwhelmed by pleasure was too good to let go.

Harry's eyes locked onto hers, and she shivered at the sheer lust and desire in them. She would have impaled herself on his shaft while Rias was occupied, but that wasn't what she wanted from him, and she didn't think it was what he had in mind either. She kneaded the redhead's breasts and peppered her neck with wet, warm kisses as orgasm after orgasm tore through her, leaving her swimming in a sea of ecstasy without end. The moment she felt her start to go limp, she levitated her over to Fleur, who, still sleeping, cuddled up with her automatically and licked a trail up Harry's pussy-glazed neck.

"You know she's going to get you back for that, right?" Harry asked, snaking a hand around her head and pulling her in for a kiss.

"I know," Akeno replied, breaking the kiss just long enough to reply. "It's going to hurt so good."

"What am I going to do with you?" Harry chuckled affectionately.

"You...are going to take this big, thick, throbbing cock and fuck me like a bitch in heat," Akeno replied, wrapping her hand around his shaft.

"You want to be fucked like a whore?" Harry asked heatedly.

"Your whore," Akeno gasped, practically shaking with need.

She cried out when he grabbed her braid and tugged her head back.

"If you're going to be my bitch, perhaps I should get you a leash," he whispered, and she swore she nearly came from his words alone.

"Fuck me, Harry," Akeno begged. "Take me, break me. I need your cock so bad."

"On your knees," Harry rumbled, letting her go, and she scrambled around so quickly she nearly kicked him.

So horny she could barely think, she gasped when she felt him slide a finger between her fleshy nether lips and squeaked when he tickled her her tight little rosebud.

"You haven't specified which hole," Harry chuckled.

"Either...both...don't care," Akeno whimpered. "Holy fuck, you've come so far."

"I really have," Harry chuckled, fisting his cock, still sticky from Fleur's pussy, and lined himself up with Akeno's quivering cunt.

"YES!" Akeno shrieked when he buried the entire thing inside her in one thrust.

Harry grabbed her hips so tightly he would have left bruises if she were human and quickly worked his way up to a blistering pace. Akeno moaned and cried out in pleasure, throwing her arse back against him in time with his thrusts. The squelching sounds her incredibly wet pussy was making were barely audible next to her pleasured screams, and Harry knew exactly how to make her even louder. Bringing his hand up, he brought it down hard on her right arsecheek and grinned when she squealed.

"Harder!" Akeno demanded, her tight tunnel already starting to spasm around him as her, she raced towards her peak.

Harry laughed and spanked the other cheek even harder, making her scream again. Grabbing her braid, he tugged on it just the way she liked and picked up his pace, fucking her harder and faster while spanking her pale ass red. He was taking her so roughly that her arse was jiggling with each impact of his hips, and her breasts were bouncing around under her. Rias woke up just as Akeno was about to cum, and her beautiful blue eyes locked onto his quickly.

"I'm half-tempted to ask you to stop just to punish her," she murmured, and Akeno's barely focused eyes widened.

"Please don't, please don't, please don't!" she begged, sounding half-mad. "Need to cum!"

"You heard her, Harry," Rias murmured, her eyes narrowing dangerously. "She needs to cum, and so she should. Fuck her like this for as long as you can, making her cum as many times as possible. If she can walk straight in the morning, I'm going to be disappointed."

"Yes!" Akeno cried. "Fuck, I love your cock! I'm gonna cum, gonna...HARRY!"

"Mon dieu," Fleur grumbled as she woke up and Rias winced, rubbing her head.

Akeno, writhing in pleasure as she came so hard she squirted all over the bed, either didn't notice the sudden headache or the hint of pain enhanced her pleasure. Given what she enjoyed, either one could have been true.

"Please don't say that in front of us," Rias grumbled. "References to the Tyrant physically hurt us."

"The ty...oh," Fleur winced. "Pardon."

"More, more, more, more!" Akeno screamed, clawing at the bed as Harry continued to fuck her through her orgasm and beyond.

"'E is 'uman, right?" Fleur asked, shivering as she watched Harry reduce the powerful devil to a mewling, mindless wreck.

"Oh yeah," Rias chuckled. "Until we get rid of the horcrux in his head, he won't be able to become a devil."

That wasn't what she meant, but she didn't push it. She had never heard of a man who could exhaust a veela like he had exhausted her the first time they slept together, and as she watched the virile bull of a man fuck Akeno's brains out, there was no doubt in her mind that he'd manage to exhaust not just both of the devils as well that night. She might not have known how that was possible, but she didn't care. Just then she didn't care about much other than the pleasure he'd already given her and what was to come.

Harry fucked Akeno hard, taking her on her hands and knees through orgasm after orgasm until she was a glassy-eyed, sweaty, panting wreck. He felt his own pleasure mount throughout it, and when he felt her fall forward, unable to hold herself up anymore, he let go with a roar, painting her inner walls white.

As he pulled his cock, kept hard by the uncontrolled allure billowing through the room, out of her, he took one look at Fleur and expected her to jump him immediately. Instead, she dove between Akeno's thighs and started lapping at her gaping, swollen pussy, drinking down his cum like it was the first liquid she'd seen in days.

"I think we're going to enjoy having her around," Rias whispered in his ear, running her hands over his muscular chest.

As he watched the silver-haired beauty slurp up his cum from Akeno's, he really hoped that she was right.

"Do you want to just watch them?" Harry asked, cocking an eyebrow at her. "Because I can think of a couple other things we could do."

"That's funny, so can I," Rias replied, flying around him and impaling herself on his cock.

He positioned her on her back, bringing her legs up until her ankles were resting on his shoulders, and grinned. His life wasn't exactly all sunshine and rainbows just then, but as he looked around the room, he couldn't say that it didn't have its perks.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Feb 5, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lopaka, Markuz Black, Fridrich and 355 others
voivode_writer
Feb 4, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 22 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Feb 18, 2025
Add bookmark
#510
"Do you consent to the use of veritaserum so that we might be certain that your testimony is accurate and honest?" Amelia asked. The accused's consent was not needed, and they could be compelled to drink the potion if necessary, but they were always asked first, and it looked better for them if they agreed.

"I do," Sirius replied without hesitation, opening his mouth.

She dropped three drops of the potent potion on his tongue, and Harry watched as all traces of nervousness left him. His face went utterly blank, all hint of emotion leaving him as it took effect. As he watched Amelia ask Sirius a few standard questions so that the potions master they had on hand could verify that the potion had taken effect, he recalled how this trial had come about in the first place.

*****

It was with only the slightest bit of nervousness that Harry wandered into the Three Broomsticks for his scheduled meeting with Amelia Bones. The director of the DMLE had agreed without condition to come to him in Hogsmeade rather than going to Dumbledore's office, or asking that he be brought to her, which was convenient but seemed strange to him. The fact that he was meeting with her instead of one of her underlings itself was strange. All her letters had said was that she wanted to verify a couple of things regarding the incident on the 24th​ of December, and given what developments had come in that case, that made sense, but he was still nervous.

"Why in the world would a guilty killer be nervous to meet with the country's top copper?" he thought to himself wryly.

He was confident that he left no traces when he killed Lucius, and between Wormtail's story of Crouch killing the other Death Eaters at the scene of Xenophilius and the Granger's murders and the breakout from Azkaban, he figured that there was a very obvious conclusion to come to. Crouch, having escaped from his father's custody, broke Voldemort's true followers out of prison and had started killing those who denounced his lord. It seemed like a simple enough idea for the aurors to come to, and it wasn't like he'd be anyone's first suspect, but he knew that prisons were full of people who thought they'd outsmarted the police, and he remained wary. He spotted Amelia Bones quickly enough, and his wariness turned to confusion in an instant as he realized that she had with her, not another auror, but the minister himself.

"Madam Bones, Minister," he murmured, looking over at Amelia and giving her a subtle, questioning look.

All he got in response was a look of irritation that he hoped wasn't directed at him.

"Harry, my boy, look at you!" Fudge said jovially. "You hardly resemble the short, thin boy I met in the Leaky Cauldron not too long ago."

"I'm a growing boy," Harry replied neutrally. "Forgive me for my surprise, Minister, but I wasn't aware that you were coming."

"It was a last-minute decision," Amelia muttered flatly. "Please, have a seat."

"Come now, Amelia, there's no need to treat the boy like a suspect," Fudge chuckled.

"I should hope not," Harry chuckled. "Your letters said that you wanted to go over what happened on the 24th​?"

"I was wondering if you remembered anything else about what Crouch said that night," Amelia replied.

"This is because Crouch was behind the Azkaban breakout, isn't it?" Harry asked.

"A dreadful business that," Fudge muttered before Amelia could reply. "The sooner we capture him, the better."

"I cannot comment on ongoing investigations," Amelia said through gritted teeth, and Fudge developed a sudden interest in his bowler hat.

"As I said back then, he spoke about Voldemort as if he were still out there somewhere," Harry replied, forcing himself not to react as Fudge yelped. "He was clearly mad."

"Please don't use that name, Harry," Fudge begged. "He's dead; you don't need to fear that. Crouch is a rabid dog who should be rotting in Azkaban."

"Is he the one who killed poor Mister Malfoy?" Harry asked, keeping his face blank as Fudge's eyes went wide.

"How did you find out about that?" he demanded. The ministry had announced that Lucius had died but had kept the fact that it was a homicide out of the papers so far.

"I overheard a couple of the Slytherins talking," Harry lied smoothly. "Presumably they had heard from their own relatives. The old families are so closely connected, after all."

"Again, we cannot comment on ongoing investigations," Amelia muttered.

"What about closed ones?" Harry asked. "There was an interesting story in the paper several days ago about how someone fitting the description of Peter Pettigrew had been arrested. I did say that Pettigrew was still alive back in '93."

"I...er…" Fudge stammered, turning pale as Amelia went conspicuously silent.

"If Pettigrew is still alive, it brings Sirius Black's guilt into question," Harry continued, his eyes boring into Fudge's.

"Q...questions have been raised," Fudge stammered, "but with everything else that we're dealing with just now…"

"I understand," Harry nodded. "Between the breakout, the murder of Xenophilius Lovegood, and now this terrible business with Mister Malfoy, your hands are clearly quite full. If there's anything I could do…"

"Mister Potter, you are a Hogwarts student," Amelia pointed out, "and hardly in any position to…"

"He's not just any student, Amelia," Fudge chuckled. "Harry Potter is a symbol of hope to this poor nation of ours. Harry, my boy, given who you are and how affected you've been by this dreadful business, a statement of...confidence in the ministry might help to soothe some of the more frayed nerves out there."

"Oh, it very well might," Harry replied before Amelia could intercede, "and I would be happy to give a short statement to the Prophet once Sirius Black gets a trial."

"What?" Fudge asked, blinking at him.

"Minister, back in '93, Sirius Black claimed that Peter Pettigrew was the one who killed those muggles the night my parents were murdered and moreover, that he was also the one who betrayed my parents and was still alive. He has returned and admitted to those very things, has he not?"

"Yes, he has," Amelia replied quickly.

"Sirius also claimed that he never got a trial," Harry added. "Now, of course, you aren't to blame for any of that. Millicent Bagnold was the minister back then, and Barty Crouch Senior was in charge of the DMLE."

"That's...true," Fudge said with obvious reluctance, well aware of the fact that this was going to blow up on the ministry either way. "Both Black's situation and our current nightmare can be traced back to Crouch."

"I'm confident that you'll correct his mistakes, Minister," Harry smiled, "and an official willing to make amends for prior administration's failings is one that I would happily support. So long as nothing happens to Sirius between now and his trial, all will be well. Um, that kiss on sight order isn't still active, is it?"

"Oh, Merlin," Fudge said, paling dramatically. "I must go, my boy. Amelia, Black will be able to get a trial quickly, yes?"

"I am quite confident," Amelia replied dryly. "Good day, Minister."

As the offish politician tore off in search of a floo port, Harry chuckled.

"You handled him well," Amelia murmured.

"You don't generally handle follow-up questions yourself, even for cases as high-profile as this, do you?" Harry asked.

"Not generally, no," Amelia replied, all but confirming his suspicion that it was Fudge's insistence on coming that led her here as well. "Mister Potter, you're clearly this madman's target. He forced his way into the school to place you in the tournament, tried to abduct you when you caught on to the fact that he wasn't who he appeared to be…"

"And abducted my friends' parents purportedly to lure me out of here," Harry finished for her, rage settling on his face. "Trust me, if I could remember anything else from that night that I thought would help, I'd have written to you already."

"I understand," Amelia nodded sympathetically. "Tell me, have you ever heard of a pensieve?"

"I have," Harry replied. "Professor Dumbledore has one in his office. You want the memory of my fight with him?"

"I think at this point, it might help," Amelia replied. "You'll need to concentrate on the memory as hard as you…"

She trailed off, an eyebrow cocking upward as Harry's wand slipped into his hand and he drew the silvery strand of light from his brow.

"I trust I'll get this back?" Harry asked.

"As soon as I've reviewed it," Amelia replied, pulling a vial from a pocket in her robes. As soon as the memory was stored in it, she sealed it with a cork and added, "In light of the clear danger Crouch represents to you, I think it might be best if you were assigned a bodyguard."

"What?" Harry asked. "I hardly think that's necessary."

"Albus said the same," Amelia muttered. "As your magical guardian, he can refuse my offer, but not if you insist on on it. Crouch was a threat to you before he freed that cavalcade of monsters from Azkaban."

"Hogwarts is perfectly safe," Harry said flatly. The last thing he needed was an auror around with the kind of things he got up to these days. "Even at the height of Voldemort's reign of terror, it never came close to falling. Crouch might be terrible, but he isn't his old master."

"Even without him, they are still dangerous," Amelia insisted.

"That I'll allow, but it seems at the moment like they're busy killing each other," Harry argued. "I might reconsider at the end of the school year, but for now, I feel safe enough in the castle."

The conversation had more or less ended there. She couldn't force an auror guard on him, and he couldn't have aurors following him around during the day. They'd take less than kindly to him regularly meeting up with devils and even less kindly to the handful of murders he'd committed in the past few days.

"Did you betray the Potter's location to you-know-who?" Amelia asked.

"No," Sirius replied.

"Did you confront Peter Pettigrew in the aftermath of their deaths?" Amelia asked.

"Yes," Sirius replied.

"Why?" Amelia asked.

"He was the one who betrayed them," Sirius replied. "I was so angry that I could barely breathe, and I went after him."

"What happened next?" Amelia replied.

"He started screaming about how I had betrayed them and fired a blasting curse at the ground," Sirius replied. "He hit something muggley and it caused a massive explosion. I was dazed and confused, and when I saw him turn into a rat and run off, it made me think that we trusted a man whose spirit animal was a rat, and I started laughing. That's the state I was in when the aurors found me and the next thing I knew, I was in Azkaban."

That caused a series of murmurs to break out in the crowd, and Harry let out a long, slow breath. It had seemed for a while like this trial might never happen at all, with Pettigrew in the wind and Sirius' guilt being a foregone conclusion to almost everyone. The antidote was administered to Sirius then, and, once he was seated back in the defendant's bench, Amelia called for Pettigrew to be brought forward. The murmurs in the crowd turned to angry and revolted mutters as the short, unpleasant-looking man was led inside. He looked utterly calm, as though he wasn't about to confess to crimes that would see him imprisoned for life, and Harry was glad that no one had thought that odd yet.

"Mister Pettigrew, were…" Amelia went to ask.

"Hem hem," a sickeningly sweet voice rang out.

"Madam Umbridge?" Dumbledore asked, acting in his capacity as the Head Warlock of the Wizengamot, whose main chamber the trial was taking place in.

"Is Mister Pettigrew here not going to be given veritaserum as well?" Umbridge asked. "I mean, how are we to know that he even is who he claims to be?"

"Veritaserum can be compelled to verify the testimony of someone professing their innocence," Amelia replied. "In matters where someone is asserting their guilt, it is rarely suggested, much less compelled. As for his identity, that has been formally verified."

"Madam Bones is correct," Dumbledore nodded. "Please, go on."

Harry felt the slightest hint of resistance from Pettigrew then, the first he'd felt from the man since he first placed him under the imperious curse. Deep down, he knew that what he was about to do would be the end of him, either because he was going to spend the next few decades in prison or because Voldemort was going to kill him when he next got the chance. His will was weak, though, and Harry managed to clamp down on him with ease.

"Mister Pettigrew, were you the one to tell you-know-who where he could find the Potters?" Amelia asked.

"I was," Pettigrew replied softly. "When Lily and James found out that the dark lord was after them, they went into hiding and used the Fidelius Charm to make sure that he couldn't find them. I was chosen as their secret keeper because they thought that Sirius would be too obvious a choice, and I went along with it, but I regretted it immediately. I feared that he was going to find me and torture it out of me, so I made a deal with him."

"What happened after he failed to kill Harry Potter?" Amelia asked, her voice hardening only slightly.

"I fled," Peter replied. "I knew that Sirius knew I had to have been the one to betray them and feared that he'd kill me for it."

"I should have!" Sirius snarled, utterly furious.

"You have my sympathies, Mister Black, but you will refrain from any further outbursts in this courtroom," Dumbledore said sharply, giving Sirius a pointed look.

"What happened when he confronted you?" Amelia asked.

"When he confronted me, I spotted a group of muggles nearby and saw an opportunity," Peter replied. "I killed them and sliced off one of my own fingers, faking my death and framing him. I even shouted for all to hear about how he had been the one to betray them. I then took my animagus form and fled, eventually being spotted and taken as a pet by a young Bill Weasley."

That particular fact had already come out when Sirius was questioned more privately by the aurors so Harry knew there was no point in trying to shield them. He had already impressed upon the minister that they were innocent victims in all of this, and he seemed to take that as fact. With Lucius dead and most of his fellow Death Eater's out of the country, it wasn't like this bit of information was likely to be used against them, at any rate.

"So you lived as a rat for more than decade?" Amelia asked.

"I did," Peter replied. "It wasn't so bad. I had food, water, and a roof over my head, but then Sirius escaped and came after me, so I was forced to flee. I eventually found Crouch, being held prisoner by his father, and helped him escape."

"I'd say the evidence is clear," Amelia announced, turning to face the crowd sitting in the high seats with the minister. "By his own admission, given freely and multiple times now, Peter Pettigrew joined you-know-who back in the last days of his reign of terror and actively aided him in the murder of his own friends. He then murdered twelve muggles and framed the heir to an ancient and most noble house for both crimes. Not content with that, he then set out and helped free another mass murderer who actively terrorizes us to this day. In the end, he came and surrendered himself to our custody not out of guilt or a desire to set anything right, but out of fear that the very madman he helped free would come after him. He has offered no defense and has refused counsel. My lords of the Wizengamot, I find myself in the rare position of telling you outright that you must find the defendant guilty."

"I think we've seen enough," Dumbledore nodded. "Let all who would find this man guilty of the crimes he's admitted to raise and light their wands."

A few of them did so with obvious reluctance, but in the end, not one seated lord failed to vote guilty. Had more of the Death Eaters been present, there might have been a show of some dissent, but with them all on the continent by now, anyone who wanted to avoid freeing Sirius knew that they'd be voting alone and in utter futility.

"A unanimous verdict," Dumbledore murmured. "The first in quite some time. Mister Pettigrew, this court finds you guilty of aiding an enemy of the state, twelve counts of murder, and the perversion of justice. You are hereby sentenced to spend the rest of your natural life in Azkaban with no hope of release. The prison is aware of your status as an animagus, and steps have been taken to ensure that that will not help you."

Pettigrew just nodded and closed his eyes.

"Sirius Black, please rise," Fudge called. "As Mister Pettigrew has been convicted of the very crimes you were put in Azkaban over, normally, this would be the point where the Chief Warlock would formally declare your conviction in the matter voided, but as you were never tried, we can't even do that. What we can do, and what I unreservedly do now, is apologize for this grave injustice. The people responsible for it are dead and cannot pay, but a financial settlement will be agreed upon in a few days time. Part of that settlement will be us formally declining to pursue the matter of your status as an unregistered animagus, provided you register with all due haste."

He added that last part awkwardly, as though he really didn't want to say it, but whoever had written that little statement for him had obviously made clear that the ministry couldn't give the impression that they were allowing Sirius to remain an unregistered animagus. Sirius just nodded and sat back down, staring out in awe at the fact that he'd actually gotten his trial at all, something that he'd come to think might end up never happening.

"That was bizarre" Hermione whispered in Harry's ear. "Putting it to a vote when he outright confessed is something that we wouldn't bother with in the muggle world and if this was supposed to be a trial, it was barely a hearing by their standards."

"Magical courts function differently their muggle counterparts in general" Harry replied.

"At least it ended well," Luna murmured.

He had been given permission to accompany both of them to their parents' funerals, and when they asked Dumbledore to come with Harry to Sirius' trial, he agreed. Part of his reasoning for that was, Harry suspected, that he knew it would be so short. Pettigrew was escorted out for transport to Azkaban, and Sirius approached them.

"I can't believe that just happened," he breathed, a wide smile on his face.

"You're free," Harry nodded, "finally free."

"Thank you," Sirius whispered, pulling him in to a tight hug. Letting him go, he added, "I just wish it hadn't come at such a terrible price. Harry's asked me to formally take you two in as my wards. Is that something that you both want?"

"Yes," Luna replied. "It will be fun to watch you practice now and then if you still do."

"Practice?" Sirius asked.

"Do you think the Hobgoblins might reunite someday?" Luna asked.

"The Hob...I'm not actually Stubby Boardman, Luna," Sirius laughed awkwardly.

"Really?" Luna asked. "Miss Purkiss must have been wrong. Daddy would have been disappointed to learn that."

Her silvery eyes dimmed at the mention of her father, and Harry wrapped an arm around her shoulders. She had been a little less withdrawn in the days since she used the stone to speak to her parents, but she was still far from normal.

"Thank you, Sirius," Hermione nodded. "At least Luna and I won't need to worry about any uncertainty on top of everything else."

"Congratulations, Sirius," Dumbledore murmured as he joined them. "What happened to you was a grave injustice, and I am glad to see it finally corrected."

"As am I," Sirius replied flatly. "I suppose you're serving as magical guardian for all three of them?"

"I am," Dumbledore nodded. "I understand that you wish to adopt Harry and take Miss Lovegood and Miss Granger in as your wards?"

"Yes," Sirius replied. "I need to register my animagus form anyway; would you mind coming along and taking care of the paperwork for that as well?"

"Do any of you have classes you're missing right now?" Dumbledore asked.

"It's lunch just now, actually," Hermione replied, checking her watch.

"Oh, so it is," Dumbledore smiled. "Well, then, unless you're desperate to get back to Hogwarts, we can take care of all of this before I return you to the castle."

"That sounds good to me," Harry murmured. "Like Hermione said, at least this way we can eliminate one concern."

"Right," Dumbledore nodded. "Since I have you here, I'll take the opportunity to remind you about your detention tonight."

"Oh?" Sirius asked. "What did you do?"

"Drew my wand on Snape," Harry replied.

"Oh, nice," Sirius murmured. Less than a second later, he amended, "I mean, that's very wrong, and you shouldn't do it."

Harry chuckled as Dumbledore shook his head and led them on.

*****

"I don't think I've ever seen a man be calmer being led here," one of the aurors taking Pettigrew to his cell commented.

"I think he knows he's screwed either way," the other one chuckled. "How bad does this Crouch bloke have to be to make this hellhole seem preferable?"

Pettigrew said nothing, his mind in a pleasant fog as he was led to his cell. Part of him thought that this was wrong somehow and he should be struggling against it, but that made no sense. All was right in the world, and he was exactly where he needed to be. He was led past multiple empty cells and would have wondered why he wasn't being put in any of them if he could. Eventually, though, he was brought to one with a very different door, and the reason for it was immediately obvious. Rather than the bars on the door of the other cells, thick wrought iron things set about three inches apart, the door of this one was more solid, with only small holes giving him any kind of view. Those holes, about an inch across, had their own bars, ensuring that there would be no way for him to slip through them.

"In you get, you cowardly prick," one of the guards snarled, shoving him inside the cell and closing the door behind him.

They left, and he sat down on the small bed, staring blankly at the dark stone wall across from him. The moment the footsteps outside quieted down, he felt that pleasant fog in his mind recede and gasped in horror. Looking around, his heart rate spiked as he realized where he was and how he'd gotten there. Rushing to the door, he banged his fists against it, wincing when he realized how bad an idea that was. He transformed into his rat form and tried to gnaw on the thin metal bars in one of the lower holes, only to scream when it shocked him.

"Let me out!" he wailed. "It wasn't me! It was Sirius! Harry imperioused me and made me confess! This was all Harry Potter's plan!"

"Will you shut...Harry Potter?" Rita went to shout from the cell next to his. "What was that about Harry Potter?"

Her cell was even more closed in than his was, with a solid glass door taking the part of the bars. It was utterly airtight; to keep her bug form in, and without magic ensuring that some airflow was maintained, she'd have suffocated by now. Said spells ensured that sound got in and out as well, likely to serve as a further punishment for her.

The article had come from the Quibbler, but she knew that Harry Potter was the one behind it. She had antagonized him more than once with articles about him, his muggleborn friend, and the half-giant he was so fond of. She'd be in this cell for the next ten years because of him, and anything that might let her strike back someday she'd eagerly take.

"Yes, it was Harry!" Pettigrew wailed. "Who's there?"

"Rita Skeeter," Rita replied. "I'm in the cell next to yours. Potter put me in here too. Did you say he imperioused you?"

"Yes," Pettigrew replied, and Rita grinned.

It might be a decade before she could make use of that little tidbit, but she'd happily note it down anyway. It wasn't like she had much else to do just then.

*****

"Be careful with that!" Malfoy hissed as Crabbe and Goyle slowly carried the vanishing cabinet through the empty hallway.

"Isn't it already broken?" Crabbe asked. "What's it matter if we scuff it?"

"Everything broken in it I need to fix!" Draco growled.

"Will you both shut up!" Lucian Bole hissed. "Most everyone is in the great hall now, having lunch, but we should still try to keep a low profile."

"You...can't speak to me like that," Draco spluttered.

"You'll find I can," Bole muttered. "You involved me in this because you couldn't disillusion yourselves and that bloody thing and needed someone who could."

Draco ground his teeth at the reminder that he'd needed to seek out the help of another. The disrespect from the older Slytherin was itself a far darker reminder as well. No Slytherin would have dared speak to him like that when his father was alive. He kept quiet, for while he could have threatened the beater with the dark lord's wrath, he'd kept the specifics of why he wanted that cabinet moved quiet from all three of them. He could not fail in this mission, not when it was his best shot at getting his revenge on Potter. Just seeing the dark-haired menace in the halls was enough to make his blood boil, and the thought of eventually getting to see him killed by the dark lord was the only thing keeping him sane.

The two of them continued to carry the cabinet towards the dungeons as Draco watched and Bole led them, all four of them, and it as invisible as the seventh year could make them. Slytherin students, like the Ravenclaws, got their own small rooms rather than being forced to dorm with others, and though it would be a very tight fit, he knew that he'd be able to get his lumbering followers to wedge the cabinet next to his bed. Just finding the damn thing had been annoying, as it hadn't been in the dark tower as his lord had said, but stored on the first floor.

"As much as it being moved wasted some time, at least it was moved closer to the dungeons," he thought to himself.

Speaking the passphrase to enter their common room, Bole opened the door and let them in. Crabbe and Goyle carefully carried the heavy cabinet to his room, and with a final thud that made him wince, got it more or less where he wanted it.

"There," Bole muttered, undoing the charms and padding his pocket, where Draco's galleons rested. "Pleasure doing business with you."

He left, and Draco brushed his hand aside to shoo Crabbe and Goyle out too. Alone with the cabinet, he fished the letter he'd gotten from Borgin the other day out of his pocket and read it over again. The man had been able to give him basic instructions on diagnosing the problem with the cabinet, as nothing else could be done until he knew what exactly was wrong with it. Draco read through the instructions another couple times before drawing his wand and getting to work. No matter what it took, if he had to spend his every free moment for the next couple months working on this, he would. Nothing mattered more than paying Potter back for what he'd done.

Nothing.

*****

"Oh, 'ello," Fleur smiled as Harry, Hermione, and Luna walked into the omnilibrary.

"Fleur, hey," Harry smiled. "Is that one of Flamel's journals?"

"'Is grimoire," Fleur replied. "I was just looking over ze method given for creating ze Philosopher's Stone. It is...disturbing to put it mildly."

"Really?" Hermione asked.

"Sorry, Fleur, just one second," Harry said, holding up a finger. "Kreacher!"

"Master," Kreacher murmured dutifully, bowing his head as he appeared.

"Harry Potter, Sir?" Dobby asked, joining them immediately and eyeing the other elf warily. "Who is this?"

"Dobby, this is Kreacher, Sirius' elf. Kreacher, this is Dobby, my elf," Harry replied, introducing them. "Dobby, Kreacher is here to help you with the library."

"Did Dobby do something wrong?" Dobby asked, his eyes growing misty.

"No, not at all," Harry said reassuringly.

"You have every book ever written in here," Hermione added. "It's a lot to handle."

"And we don't think it would be wise to keep this up during the summer," Harry concluded. "If possible, I'd like to see the job done before the end of the school year, and that will require further help."

"This really is bigger than the Black library," Kreacher muttered reluctantly.

"It includes the Black library," Luna pointed out.

"Dobby will redouble effort," Dobby squeaked. "Dobby hopes older elf can keep up."

Kreacher just glared at him and got to work, immediately taking some of the blank paper and grabbing a book from the shelves.

"Shall we?" Harry asked, pointing towards the bedroom.

"'Arry, are you inviting me to bed?" Fleur asked, her eyes sparkling.

"Oh, can we?" Luna asked, perking up slightly. It was the first time Harry had heard her speak with enthusiasm about anything since her father's death, and he smiled at her.

"I need to get to arithmancy in about ten minutes," Hermione said. "I would like to hear more about the Philosopher's Stone, though, if possible."

"I can give a quick summary," Fleur smiled, leading them inside. "If people knew the process involved in making ze Philosopher's Stone, ze Flamels would not be remembered as fondly as zey are."

"What's involved, human sacrifice?" Harry asked, his eyes going wide a moment later as Fleur didn't correct him.

"Seriously?" Hermione asked.

"A Philosopher's Stone is a 'uman soul transformed," Fleur replied.

"What?" Harry asked. "A soul? I held it in my hand. How is that possible?"

"To make it, you sacrifice someone and transfer zeir soul into a quartz crystal," Fleur replied. "Ze crystal cannot hold such power and will break down within days, but zat is expected."

"How does one transform a soul into a solid object?" Hermione asked.

"Ze process 'as four stages,: nigredo, albedo, citrinitas, and rubedo," Fleur replied. "In ze first stage, all of ze darkness within ze soul is forced out of it, its sins worked through and expunged. Ze crystal turns black at ze start of zis process and lightens gradually through it. When it turns white, you've reached ze second stage. In zis stage, you work to remove ze personality of ze soul, all zat was imprinted on it in life."

"This is horrific," Hermione breathed, her tone not matching her words, as Luna just watched with wide eyes.

"As I say, zere are many reasons why Flamel never shared zis with ze wider community," Fleur murmured. "Ze third stage involves further purifying ze soul in the light of the sun and zen ze fourth stage is where ze alchemist binds ze stone to zeir own being by pouring zeir blood into it. By zis point, ze quartz crystal has already started to crack, and it is only zrough ze sun stage zat it doesn't break apart earlier. Once filled with blood, it is remade into its new form and zis is where it usually fails."

"How so?" Harry asked, curious.

"Ze soul has been radically altered, but it is still not solid," Fleur replied. "Ze quartz breaks and ze soul flies free, eventually returning to its base form and going on to ze afterlife."

"How did he manage to solidify it then?" Harry asked.

"By bathing it in what he called 'ze quintessence,'" Fleur replied, "but what zat actually is 'e does not say."

"Interesting," Hermione murmured. "He just calls it that and goes into no detail at all?"

"None," Fleur replied. "I was looking over ze grimoire again to see if zere were other 'ints about ze quintessence in it but it seems zat zere aren't. I intend to look over Flamel's journals just to see if 'e ever wrote down what it was because I am curious what could turn a soul into a physical stone like 'Arry described. Zis is purely out of academic curiosity, of course."

"It wouldn't necessarily have to be," Harry thought to himself.

There were quite a few people out there who he thought would make excellent sacrifices if they could figure out how to make it work. The potential benefits of having the stone when he became a devil were immense. From what Rias had told him, he knew that he'd be entering the underworld at the bottom of a proverbial totem pole and that him being in a relationship with her was something that most would look down on. She didn't care, but he didn't want to cause her undue trouble, and he knew that the greatest way to increase one's standing in the Underworld was displaying power.

"If I could sacrifice one of the Lestranges and turn them into a stone, I could use it to mass-produce the crystals Ajuka uses for the evil pieces," he thought to himself. "Let them look down on me then."

"Well, this was...interesting, I suppose, but I must go," Hermione murmured, shaking her head. "I'll see you three at dinner, yes?"

"See you then," Harry smiled, kissing her.

"Have fun in arithmancy," Luna said softly, kissing her cheek. "If anyone can, it would be you."

"Thanks, Luna," Hermione chuckled, kissing her forehead. "Bye all."

"Bye, 'Ermione," Fleur nodded. Once the door closed, she turned to Luna and asked, "'Ow are you 'olding up?"

"My heart still hurts, but being able to say goodbye to Daddy helped," Luna replied.

"I still cannot believe you found ze Resurrection stone," Fleur muttered as she wrapped her arms around Luna.

"Hugs do help," Luna sighed, resting her head against Fleur's large breasts through her tight sweater.

"You've been around me long enough to know that strange things just find their way to me," Harry replied, wrapping his arms around them both, trapping Luna between them.

"Considering we stand in ze middle of every library in ze world brought together as one, in a bedroom you've fucked two devils on or against every surface of, I cannot disagree," Fleur chuckled. "It will get better, Luna. I lost my grandpere a couple years ago, and I still miss him, but that chest-caving feeling did wane over time."

"Distractions help," Luna murmured, looking up at her, "and I have over an hour before my next class."

"What did you have in mind?" Harry asked, brushing her hair behind her ear as he pressed his hardening cock against her.

"Sex mostly," Luna replied, taking him literally.

"Well, zat we can arrange," Fleur murmured, pressing one of her fingers against the younger girl's chin and raising her head before capturing her lips with her own.

Luna squeaked and wrapped her arms around the Veela's head, returning the kiss eagerly. Harry watched the two of them make out with a smile. Luna had wanted Fleur even more than he did and had explicitly asked for him to seduce the Veela as a birthday gift to her. They'd all grown rather busy in the immediate aftermath of him doing so, and then Crouch and Voldemort unleashed their evil on them, and sex became the last thing on his youngest lover's mind. Her being willing at all was something he was taking as a good sign, and he swore he wouldn't rest until she was such a pile of orgasmic goo he had to help her to her next class.

"You're a very good kisser," Luna murmured.

"As are you, Luna," Fleur smiled, brushing her light blonde hair around one of her ears. "Zese earrings are...unique."

"Do you like them?" Luna asked, playing with the other one. "I've always liked how radishes look, and I think the color stands out wonderfully against my skin and hair."

"Zey are very you," Fleur replied, "and I agree zat zey look good on you."

"As do I," Harry murmured as he nibbled on Luna's earlobe. "In fact, I don't think you should wear anything else."

That brought a smile to Luna's face, and she swiftly drew her wand. With a wave of it, all three of them were undressed, and Fleur chuckled at her sudden nudity. Harry looked the both of them up and down, and his cock throbbed at the sight. Fleur was all curves while Luna was thin, but they were both undeniably beautiful. The shorter blonde's silver eyes were wide as she took in the sight of Fleur in all her glory, and she bit her lower lip gently.

"I'm so glad Harry took you to bed," Luna smiled.

"As am I," Fleur giggled. "Our reasons differ slightly, I imagine."

"I asked him to fuck you for my birthday," Luna admitted plainly, "because I figured if he did, you'd start joining in on our wonderful orgies, and I'd get to taste you."

"Well, 'ere I am," Fleur purred, sitting down on the bed and extending a foot towards Luna. "Taste away."

"Okay," Luna smiled, taking her foot in hand and pressing her lips against her soft sole.

"Not what I...ugh…'ad in mind, but okay," Fleur sighed as Luna started sucking on her toes. "You didn't tell me I was Luna's birthday gift, 'Arry."

"It slipped my mind," Harry chuckled, sitting down on the bed and cupping her cheek. "As you'll recall, I was rather wonderfully distracted that first night."

"Wonderful is ze word," Fleur grinned, snaking a hand around his head and pulling him down to kiss him.

The two of them made out passionately as Luna started inching her way downward along Fleur's long leg, peppering it with kisses. Her skin was so smooth and so flawless, it felt lovely against Luna's cheek, and she knew that she couldn't wait to feel the older girl's thighs tighten around her head. The scent of her arousal and the feeling of her unbound allure were equally intoxicating to the other blonde, and as she reached Fleur's thigh, she found herself too impatient to not taste her pretty pink slit directly.

"Ahh, fuck!" Fleur sighed as Luna gave her pussy a long, slow lick.

"Mmm, you're just as delicious as I imagined," Luna smiled.

"She really is, isn't she?" Harry rumbled, kissing his way down along Fleur's neck towards her large breasts.

"Fucking 'ell, you two," Fleur gasped as Harry captured one of her rosy nipples with his lips.

"I can't wait to have you sit on my face while Harry splits me in two," Luna beamed, moving up towards Fleur's clit.

She swirled her tongue around the fully engorged nub, making Fleur's thighs clench around her head, and pushed three of her thin fingers inside her, curling them upward as she sought out the Veela's g-spot. Fleur was in heaven, feeling Harry worship her breasts, switching back and forth between them as he pleased, while Luna ate her out with surprising skill. She grabbed onto the blonde's head, holding her in place as she grazed her nails over Harry's scalp and moaned in delight.

"I should have seduced you after ze first task," Fleur moaned. "We could 'ave...ahh...enjoyed ourselves like zis for months longer zan we 'ave."

"I hadn't actually slept with Luna or Hermione yet by that point," Harry chuckled, "so things would 'ave been different."

"Even better," Fleur chuckled. "Oh, by ze goddess, Luna! I could 'ave 'elped you bed zem sooner too. With my 'elp 'Ermione would have fallen into your bed with ease."

"That could have been fun," Harry chuckled, letting her breasts go and kissing a trail down along her flat belly towards Luna. Leaning in, he whispered in her ear, "I think you've teased her enough, luv."

"Oay," Luna replied, the sound muffled by Fleur.

Pumping her fingers in and out hard enough to make squelching sounds echo through the room, Luna sucked on Fleur's clit just like Akeno had taught her.

"Oh fuck!" Fleur cried, using her free hand to knead one of her breasts. "Oh yes, don't stop, don't stop don't...OUI!"

Her magnificent arse rose off the bed as her back arched and she came hard. Luna beamed down at her new lover, happy to have brought her such pleasure, and continued to stroke her g-spot as she convulsed in ecstasy. The veela's legs shook and spasmed, allowing her to lift her head up. Fleur's breasts rolled across her chest as she continued to writhe on the bed, her pale skin awash with rosy patches, and Luna thought she'd never looked more beautiful. Her allure had gone wild, billowing through the room, and the younger blonde knew that her arousal was running down her thighs, something that Harry quickly noticed too.

"You're delicious too," he whispered in her ear, scooping some of her leaking fluids up from her inner thigh and bringing his fingers to his lips.

Luna shivered in delight as she saw him suck her pussy juice off of the thick digits, and she pulled him down hungrily for a kiss, which he happily returned. Fleur's orgasm tapered off, and, panting for breath, she sat up, taking in the sight of her lovers' passionate kissing with a wide grin.

"Zat was wonderful, Luna," she purred. "I 'ad no idea zat you were so talented."

"I had some really good teachers," Luna smiled.

"I will 'appily return ze favor, but if 'Arry's cock gets any 'arder, it might burst," Fleur giggled, looking down at his throbbing length.

"I love when it gets like this," Luna smiled. "The head turns the prettiest shade of purple."

Fleur guffawed at that while Harry looked at Luna indignantly.

"Did you just call my cock pretty?" he asked.

"I think it's beautiful," Luna breathed, wrapping her hands around it and bringing the turgid shaft to her lips. "I could spend all day kissing it, but I'm really horny right now, and I think I'd rather take it inside me."

"You shouldn't neglect 'er 'Arry," Fleur admonished, almost managing to look serious.

"How do you want me?" Harry asked.

"Lie back and let me ride you," Luna replied, and he did so quickly.

She picked up and moved into position, hovering above him for just a moment before sinking down in one long, smooth motion. She squeaked as she felt him spread her inner walls wide, stretching her to her limits. The fullness was sublime and something that she'd known she would crave from the moment she first felt it. He felt so good inside her, warm, thick, and throbbing, his every bulging vein massaging her insides as she took him inch by inch.

"I am genuinely impressed," Fleur laughed, sounding surprised as Luna's pert butt came to rest on Harry's thighs. "You are so small, and he is so very large; I did not zink you'd take all of 'im."

"His penis is so good," Luna sighed, resting her head back on Fleur's shoulder. "I missed this, Harry."

"You seemed to need space, and I was happy to give it to you," Harry murmured, reaching up to brush her hair behind her ear and cup her cheek.

"Well, now I need this," Luna sighed, resting her hands on his chest.

"Whatever you need, Luna," Harry whispered, bringing one of her hands to his lips and kissing it.

"I love you," Luna smiled.

"I love you too," Harry replied.

Luna started riding him slowly, sensually, each roll of her hips languid and careful as she stared down into his eyes. Harry held onto her hips and let her start at her pace, content to lie back and see what she had in mind. The sheer affection in her eyes was enough to make his heart flutter, and though there was still pain in them, for the moment at least, it seemed that she wasn't focused on it at all. Fleur wrapped her arms around her and started kissing her neck, her allure in full force.

"Oh fuck!" Luna whimpered, picking up her pace as she felt a sudden surge of arousal.

Harry reached up with one hand to cup one of her perky breasts and started thrusting up in time with each roll of her hips. Her whimpers turned to strangled cries as pleasure wracked her body and the pressure in her core grew rapidly. Eating Fleur out had turned her on greatly and would have even without the Veela's allure driving her wild. Between that and having Harry inside her for the first time in days, she found herself soaring towards her peak faster than usual, and soon enough, her hips were a blur as she rode him hard and fast.

"So good, so good!" Luna moaned. "Harry, roll us over so Fleur can sit on my face."

"I 'ave a better idea, Luna," Fleur purred, pressing her lips against the younger girl's back. "Just keep riding 'Arry like zis and I'm sure you'll like it."

"O...kay!" Luna screamed as he hit a spot deep inside her that made her see stars.

Harry was kneading both of her breasts by then, his large, strong hands making her feel amazing, and she reached up to run her nails through his hair, feeling like her heart might melt from the way he was looking at her. Fleur kissed her way down along her back, and Luna furrowed her brow in confusion, wondering what exactly the beautiful Veela had in mind. Her confusion grew greater a moment later as she spotted Fleur grabbing her wand through the corner of her eye. A sudden cold feeling on her arsehole made her squeak, and before she even thought to ask what that was, she felt Fleur's tongue brush across her puckered hole and she squealed.

"What's...oh fuck," Harry groaned as he sat up and saw what Fleur was doing.

Squeaking staccato moans spilled from Luna's lips as Fleur swirled her tongue around her little rosette. It felt weird, but so good, and together with having Harry buried to the hilt inside her, she swore Fleur might actually make her cum.

"Fuck 'er, 'Arry," Fleur all but commanded. "Pound 'er little pussy while I eat 'er ass."

"Fucking hell," Harry groaned, hooking his arms under Luna's knees.

He looked into her eyes, already starting to turn unfocused as pleasure assaulted her senses, and grinned devilishly. Bracing himself, he started thrusting up into her dripping wet pussy, pounding her hard. Luna's warbled moans turned to shrieks as he did his best to drive her as mad as most used to say she was. They didn't anymore; few were willing to bother a girl so obviously close to Harry, whose growing power and ability had not escaped the notice of those around him. It was one more thing that she owed to the man she loved, but she couldn't focus on that just then, or indeed anything other than the way he was spearing into her again and again while Fleur ate her asshole.

"More, more, more, more!" Luna squealed.

"Cum for me," Harry whispered in her ear. "Be a good girl and cum."

"AHHH!" Luna shrieked as her orgasm hit hard.

Harry let her legs go and wrapped his arms around the shaking, writhing girl as pleasure thundered through her. She squirted all over him, soaking his groin and the bed under him, and he grinned at seeing her come undone so powerfully. Fleur started kissing a trail up along her sweaty lover's back as soon as she came and wrapped her arms around the both of them, pressing her breasts against the younger girl's heated skin as she trapped her between them.

Luna's screams turned to whimpered sobs as she cried, and Harry looked down at her, concerned for a moment, before Fleur shook her head. Cooing soft nothings in her ear, the Veela soothed her, and Harry joined in, hoping that the soft, intimate moment would be good for her. Luna's whimpers quieted down, and she stopped crying as she came down from her high. Harry had started running his fingers through her hair by then, and between that and the wonderful feeling of his powerful, muscular body against her chest and Fleur's breasts against her back, she swore she could fall asleep right there. It was only when she felt Harry's hard length throb inside her and noticed the lack of warmth she always felt when he filled her up with cum that she pulled back.

"You didn't cum," she stated. "Why did you stop?"

"You were crying," Harry replied. "I wanted to make sure you were okay."

"I came really hard," Luna smiled. "Thank you for licking my anus, Fleur. That felt really, really nice."

Fleur laughed at that and said, "Zink nothing of it."

"Do you want to fuck Harry?" Luna asked. "He still needs to cum, and we should probably finish soon if either of us wants to get to our next classes."

"Such a generous offer," Fleur murmured with a grin. She was starting to find the other blonde very amusing.

Luna pulled herself off of Harry's cock with a cute little grunt and crawled away on shaky legs. She was very eager to watch him fuck Fleur and see how the real thing compared to the countless fantasies she'd had over the past few months.

"Luna, lie on your back," Fleur murmured. "I want to soothe zat very pink pussy with my tongue while 'Arry takes me like a bitch."

Luna squeed and rolled onto her back without hesitation, spreading her legs wide and smiling widely down at her lovers. In her mind's eye, she could see thousands more days just like this with Harry and the dozens of other lovers she was sure they'd take as the years went on. Her mother and father had told her to try and find family going forward and that was exactly what she was going to do.

Fleur slowly crawled towards her, her wide hips swaying as she moved and her pendulous breasts swinging under her. She made a mental note to bury her face between them before they left the room. The Veela buried her face between her thighs, and Luna gasped, sinking her fingers into her silver-gold locks as she started lapping at her gaping quim.

"Man, I love being me sometimes," Harry murmured to himself, his eyes flicking between Fleur's incredible arse and Luna's look of pleasure.

Fisting his cock, he moved into position and, after taking a moment to line himself up with her dripping slit, buried himself inside her to the hilt.

"Yes!" Fleur cried. "We don't 'ave long, 'Arry. Fuck me like a 'ore!"

Harry grinned and dug his fingers into her fleshy hips, more than willing to give her what she wanted. As soaking wet as she was, he didn't need to work himself up to it at all and soon was fucking her hard and fast, his cock pistoning in and out of her squelching cunt. Luna moaned loudly, staring down at Fleur in awe and wonder as she devoured her pussy.

"Mmm, I knew I'd enjoy this," Luna sighed happily, and Harry smiled.

It was nice to see her enjoying herself again, and he hoped it was a sign of things to come. He knew that she had a long, difficult road ahead of her, and anything that he could do to help her with it, he'd do without reservation. It wasn't as though sharing a beautiful Veela with her was much of a hardship, after all.

*****

"Sona, hi," Rias smiled, her blue eyes shooting right to the familiar scroll in her friend's hands.

"I looked it over," Sona murmured as she sat down. "This is an extraordinary work of magic. If its use became widespread, it would solve a number of problems in the Underworld but it is not without its potential drawbacks."

"Oh?" Rias asked.

"The tracking feature you're thinking about this because of in the first place could theoretically be suppressed," Sona replied. "With your lover's enemy being another mortal wizard, I doubt he'd manage to, but I can think of a few ways that the connection could be hindered. The biggest potential problem I see, though, relates to you. You cannot use your own power for this ritual."

"Why not?" Rias asked.

"Both the punishments described in it and the ways that they can be triggered are frustratingly vague, and because they're unique to whatever power is used in the binding ritual itself, you, Lord Sirzechs, your nephew, and the entire Bael clan save for Sairaorg cannot ever use it directly." Sona replied.

"The Power of Destruction," Rias breathed, paling at the thought of it. "But Harry wouldn't betray…"

"It isn't just triggered by outright betrayals," Sona interrupted her, "or at least, it doesn't seem to be. Even reluctance to do something you say can trigger a punishment, and though they seem to scale with the level of the offense, and in my case, such a thing might just make a servant uncomfortably cold and wet, yours is not a subtle power, old friend."

"Damn it," Rias muttered.

"You can still use it, but your power cannot fuel the ritual," Sona said. "I'd advise against using your queen either, for much the same reason. Though it can be done with just the master and servant, a third person can conduct the binding ritual instead, and I'd suggest doing that."

"Thank you," Rias sighed, taking the scroll from her.

"No problem," Sona smiled. "It really is one of the most fascinating things I've looked at in ages. Did you learn more about the odd script?"

"Lord Zekram was unusually forthcoming, apparently," Rias replied. "He said that he'd never seen the script himself, and though he agrees that it does resemble Luciferian to an extent, it is not the Lightbringer's work."

"That is truly bizarre," Sona muttered. "The most likely explanation in my view would be that it was one of the seventy-two. Like the incubus-succubus project, it must have been lost during the war. Why the person in question decided to try and make his or her version of Luciferian when the language itself was already so superfluous, I have no idea."

"A mystery we'll likely never get the answer to," Rias sighed.

"My least favorite kind," Sona scowled. "Well, do let me know how it goes."

"I will," Rias nodded. "Thanks again for your help, Sona."

"Anytime," Sona smiled.

*****

"Merlin's balls, this place is hot," Crabbe muttered. "How is anywhere this hot in March?"

"It's the southern hemisphere," Gibbon replied.

"Yeah, what does that have to do with it?" Crabbe asked.

"Just as we're heading into spring back home, or will be soon enough, these lot will be heading to autumn soon," Gibbon replied. "It's reversed."

"How the hell does that work?" Crabbe asked.

"Silence," Voldemort hissed, feeling the beginnings of a headache forming.

"My apologies, master," Gibben nodded.

"You're certain this is the place?" Voldemort asked, looking at Reinhardt.

"Ja," Reinhardt nodded. "Zis is ze place."

"How can you be sure?" Crabbe asked. "Aren't you...blind?"

"You're blinder zan I am, boy," Reinhardt spat. "To von who has explored ze greater mysteries of magic, physical sight can be more of a distraction zan an asset. I'd know ze feeling of zis magic here anyvhere. Ze largest boulder over zere; tap your vand on it."

"Okay," Crabbe murmured, walking over and doing as he was told as soon as Voldemort nodded.

The moment he tapped his wand on the boulder, he felt the air flee his lungs and his throat close. He panicked, his wand flying out of his hand as he clawed at his throat, desperate for breath.

"Klaus," Voldemort murmured under his breath.

"As velcoming as ever, Frau Rosier," Reinhardt chuckled, and Crabbe's struggling stopped.

He was released a moment later and fell to the ground desperately gasping for breath.

"Reinhardt?" an older, female, French-accented voice called out.

Before their eyes, the boulder opened and an old woman emerged. Clad in black robes, her long white hair was brought together into a single long braid that she had coiled around her shoulders. Her right eye was false, a magical replacement that Voldemort could tell at a glance saw far more than her old one would have. Her remaining blue eye shone with palpable anger as she regarded them, and it brought a slight smile to his thin lips.

"What in ze world are you doing 'ere?" she asked.

"My associate here vanted to meet you," Reinhardt replied. "You two have a couple zings in common. Voldemort, zis is Vinda Rosier, Vinda, zis is Voldemort."

"Miss Rosier," Voldemort nodded. "I knew your nephew."

"You're ze one Evan died in service of," Vinda replied neutrally. "I always zought 'im weak. What could we possibly 'ave in common?"

"Dumbledore," Voldemort replied, his grin growing wider as the name sparked an all-too-familiar rage in the woman before. "I think you're going to find what I have to say very interesting."

Vinda glared at him, clearly considering whether or not to bother humoring him at all. Klaus had made it very clear that there was little chance that she'd have bothered with him at all if he'd come alone. Grindelwald's one-time right hand had barely survived the war and escaped to Argentina only because she was presumed dead. She'd lain low ever since and avoided detection for decades. He knew there was a chance that even with Klaus introducing him, she'd still want nothing to do with him and trying to force her in this case would be counterproductive. He was hoping that her famous loyalty to her old master would shine through, though. After all, who other than him could hope to pull off what he was about to suggest? Who else could free Gellert Grindelwald?
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lopaka, Markuz Black, Fridrich and 320 others
voivode_writer
Feb 18, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 23 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Mar 4, 2025
Add bookmark
#535
"That's...really gross," Kiba muttered as he took in the sight of the ritual they'd come upon.

"No argument here," Koneko muttered.

"He's back," Akeno said, scowling at the sight before her.

In the woods near Kuoh, in a small clearing close to the nearby stream, someone had nailed a small squirrel to a tree. It was upside down with its arms stretched out and its feet placed together in a sort of reverse crucifixion pose. It appeared that the unfortunate animal had been slain first before being placed where it was, which was for the best, all things considered.

"Back?" Kiba asked.

"We had a couple instances of someone mutilating small animals a few months back," Rias replied. "We never caught who was behind the incidents, and they seemed to move on, so I let it go."

"As unpleasant as this is, is it really our problem to deal with?" Kiba asked. "Surely this is just some human wackjob."

"It isn't," Akeno corrected him. "Close your eyes and expand your senses. There are traces of magic here. This isn't some edgy pseudo-Satanist, something we get less of in Japan than in Europe or the Americas in general, by the way."

"Given the symbolism, I'd think it possible that this is some stray devil," Rias remarked. "It's not unheard of for some of our less well-adjusted brethren to turn humans who summon them in bloody rites like this, thinking that the lunatics will make useful cannon fodder against their enemies."

"It could also be some rogue exorcist," Akeno posited, pointing at the positioning of the squirrel. "Usually they turn to the Fallen to continue their little crusades against us with fewer rules, but the odd one turns against the very institution that kicked them out."

"It could even be a magician," Koneko murmured. "The truth is, we've got nothing."

"Nothing except the fact that our little monster here wants attention," Rias sighed. "That's why I was surprised when they moved on before. Whoever or whatever this is, they're making no effort at all to be subtle."

"They're looking for a fight," Akeno nodded.

"Well, if that's what they want..." Kiba smiled, more than ready for action after the past few months.

"This town is my domain, which makes it our responsibility to deal with any supernatural threats that come its way," Rias declared, destroying the squirrel's body and the nails with a wave of her hand. "We'll find whoever did this and make sure that they can't cause any further trouble."

*****

Hermione grunted as another stinging hex struck her, this time in the right hip, and carefully rolled to her left to avoid the follow-up. She sent a flurry of the same spell back at Harry, who batted them away almost casually, making her scowl. Logically she knew that he had been training with Rias and Akeno for months and had long since surpassed her in terms of physical ability and spellcasting, but that didn't make her complete inability to land a single hit on him any less frustrating.

"That's enough for now," he said, lowering his wand.

"I can keep going," Hermione insisted.

"You could, but pushing yourself too hard during training does you few favors, trust me," Harry replied. Looking over at the panting blonde lying next to her, he asked, "You good, Luna?"

"You hit my bum and not in the fun way," Luna replied without heat.

"When we shower in a few minutes, I'll be sure to kiss it better," Harry rumbled, and Luna sat up immediately, her eyes darkening as she stared at him.

"That sounds fun," she commented, standing up.

"Why don't you head to the shower now?" Harry asked. "I'll catch up in a couple minutes."

"Okay," Luna nodded, exiting the training room and walking over to the bedroom next door.

The Room of Requirement stayed in its current configuration constantly these days, and Harry had made sure that Dobby included a fully functional bathroom as well, ending up with something far larger and more grandiose than he'd expected. He assumed it was based on something in Malfoy Manor but hadn't bothered asking, not wanting to remind the excitable elf about that period of his life.

"You're not going to reach my level overnight, Mione," Harry murmured the moment they were alone. "I've only improved as quickly as I have because I have Voldemort's knowledge to draw on."

"I know that," Hermione hissed, looking contrite the moment she did so. "Sorry, but I guess I'm just annoyed with myself for not thinking to join in your training sooner. In all of our adventures, no matter how perilous things have looked, we've always been up to the challenge, and more often than not, I've had to outthink our problems rather than outcurse them. Things are different now, though."

"They are," Harry nodded.

"Have you come across any new leads about where he's gone?" Hermione asked, her eyes brimming with rage as she thought about Voldemort.

"No," Harry replied. "As far as we can tell, he fled to the continent in search of something after I butchered Crouch and the others, taking his followers with him. The only ones we managed to come across who hadn't yet joined him were the Amycus and Alecto Carrow, and they knew even less than Malfoy did."

*****

"You're sure this is the place?" Rias asked as they set down in the middle of a forest in Scotland, to the west of Inverness.

"Amycus and Alecto's uncle, Tiberius, was one of Voldemort's first followers," Harry replied. "He had a much younger brother who was born just a few years before his parents died, and who he cared little for. Not wanting to give him nothing when he came of age, as it would have reflected poorly on him, he acquired and heavily enchanted a small house out here and gave him that on the condition that he wouldn't trouble the family again. That man, named Brutus, had twins with a pureblood woman who attended Hogwarts and then returned here. They joined Voldemort just before his fall, and he learned from them that they still stayed in this small, quaint house together. Neither had married yet by that point, and Voldemort actually thought that they were lovers."

"The twins?" Akeno asked.

"Ew," Rias gagged.

"Yes, even by pureblood standards it's rather gross," Harry snorted. "Of course, Voldemort could be wrong about them; he isn't exactly an expert on interpersonal relationships."

"How likely do you think it is that they're home?" Akeno asked.

"There's definitely someone home," Rias murmured, having sent her familiar along ahead of time to scope out the place.

"They were always slow to comply with any order that didn't come with the promise of immediate bloodshed," Harry replied. "If any of these fuckers are still here, it would be them."

Learning that Voldemort had successfully evacuated his forces from Britain had been infuriating, and Harry was dearly hoping that at least a few of them would still be around. He had no idea just how all these prominent purebloods were spinning their 'sudden vacations,' but he did know that it was vexing. As they approached the wardline, having made themselves invisible, he drew his wand and cast a couple charms to see what exactly he was working with.

"They're fools," Harry murmured.

"Oh?" Akeno asked.

"Tiberius Carrow had this place enchanted well," Harry replied. "They've allowed most of the wards to degrade to the point of collapse and added nothing new. Rias, it won't take much to punch through this."

"I'll be as subtle as I can," Rias grinned, drawing on her power.

A crimson magic circle appeared on her palm, and she used the Power of Destruction to start unraveling the wards. As Harry had said, they were remarkably weak, and she imagined her nephew, even as young as he was, could get through them with ease. After only a couple minutes, she had created enough of a hole for them to get through without alerting the occupants.

The house was more impressive than he had been expecting, a sizable two-story residence in the Scottish baronial style. His aunt Petunia went through a phase when he was young where she was obsessed with Balmoral Castle. He had no idea what sparked the short-lived obsession, but he had learned enough during it to know that this house was probably built around the same time as it. How the late Lord Carrow had acquired it for his little brother, he probably didn't want to know.

"Homenum Revelio," Harry cast, and he instantly knew that there were two people home, and that was all. They were not the wealthiest purebloods, and he doubted that they had a house elf, but it was possible that there were animals of some sort there, and he knew that he'd need to stay on his guard even after they'd been subdued.

"Harry, you sneak in around the back with Akeno," Rias smirked. "Once you're in position, I'll get their attention."

"Will do," Harry nodded, setting off.

The two of them ran around the edge of the property until they'd reached the side door. Allowing Akeno to unlock it with a wave of her hand, he opened the door and let her fly in before following on foot. Completely disillusioned, he silenced his feet and moved through the house like a ghost, seeking out the living people he'd sensed when he cast the revealing charm.

They came across them quickly enough, sitting on a couch together. They were both middle-aged and didn't look like they took particularly good care of themselves. Alecto was short and squat, with a pale, fleshy face and long red hair streaked with white. Her dark eyes were unsettling, even as she looked to be in a good mood just then, as though there was a desire to cause pain right at the forefront of her mind at all times.

Amycus' hair had already turned white before his time and was quite receded. He was portly, less so than Vernon, but still noticeably so, and appeared short as well from where he was seated. He kept his face clean-shaven, exposing his second chin to the world, and his eyes possessed a similar madness to those of his sister, whose feet were sitting in his lap just then as he rubbed them.

"Merlin, you're good at that," Alecto purred.

"I should be with all the practice I've gotten over the years at your insistence, Princess," Amycus chuckled.

"Am I your princess?" Alecto asked, her voice taking on a childlike tone.

"You know you are," Amycus grinned, pressing his lips against her big toe. "You've been mine from head to these sweet little toes since the beginning."

She giggled and leaned in to kiss him when Harry hit them with a pair of silent stunners that neither one saw coming.

"I need a word with...oh, you already dealt with them," Rias pouted.

"Let's just say they were already distracted," Harry grimaced.

*****

"Gross," Hermione gagged.

"Yeah, I mean, why couldn't it have been our Carrow twins?" Harry quipped, earning a glare from the brunette.

"Well, at least that's two more gone then," Hermione said darkly, and Harry resisted the urge to sigh.

On the one hand, he was glad that, as he planned to massacre dozens of people, he wouldn't have to worry about Hermione objecting loudly as she would have before her parents were murdered, but on the other hand, he missed the innocent, moralistic girl she'd been then. That girl was gone, though, and while he loved the pragmatic, somewhat bloodthirsty creature in front of him no less, he still mourned who she once was.

"Did you question them?" Hermione asked.

"Extensively," Harry replied. "Unsurprisingly, they knew less than Lucius did and assumed that Voldemort was just doing some recruiting in Europe."

"So we just have to wait until someone is spotted down there," Hermione muttered.

"Have you considered using...the stone yet?" Harry asked, changing the subject. "It seems to have helped Luna."

"Luna's putting on a facade of normalcy, but you can still see the change in her eyes," Hermione replied. "I haven't heard her mention one of her father's creatures since that night."

That was true, for while the incidents of her mentioning things like snorkacks and wrackspurts had decreased steadily over the course of their friendship, he hadn't heard her mention them at all since Xenophilius died. She hadn't shared what her parents had said to her when she spoke to them, but he guessed that they advised her to try and focus on her relationships, and so she had.

"Still..." Harry said.

"You haven't used it either," Hermione pointed out, "or at least you haven't mentioned it if you have."

"I haven't," Harry admitted, fishing the dark stone out of his mokeskin pouch. "They sacrificed themselves to save me, Hermione; to save me and stop him. How can I tell them that those sacrifices only bought me time, that he's back and still a threat to all of us?"

"They loved you," Hermione said softly, "and I can't imagine that either one has regretted giving their lives for you for a single moment since."

Harry swallowed thickly and looked away, his eyes growing misty, and Hermione hugged him.

"When Voldemort's dead, I'll do it," he whispered. "Once I can tell them definitively that it's all over, that their deaths weren't in vain, then I'll contact them. What about you?"

"I don't know what to say," Hermione whispered, clenching her eyes shut. "All my life they were so involved in their own lives that it seemed like making me was just something they did...because. I had gotten used to that, accepted it, and then the last time we spoke…"

She trailed off then, choking back a sob, and Harry hugged her more tightly, running his fingers through her hair.

"It was like something...straight out of a dream I hadn't had in years," Hermione wept. He held her in silence for a couple minutes as she cried, trying to give what comfort he could while rage welled inside him. "They were seeing a counselor and working through the things that had left them so cold and detached, and I hate that I'm never going to get to see if that worked out. I hate that I'll never know a more well-adjusted version of them, and I hate myself for even thinking like that when the reality is that they were cut down decades before their time for no reason!"

"We'll find them eventually," Harry hissed. "Wherever he's run, whatever he's doing, we'll find Voldemort and wipe him and his followers off the face of the Earth."

"I want to be there when you do," Hermione raged. "I want to see you, Rias, and Akeno tear them apart. Really, I want to do it myself."

"It's...killing isn't as easy as you might think," Harry muttered, pulling back to look into her angry brown eyes. "I threw up all over the place the first time I did it."

"Did you throw up when you killed the Carrows?" Hermione asked. "When you killed Malfoy?"

"No," Harry replied. "Like all things in life, it gets easier with experience."

"You know, the room could probably make a pensieve," Hermione murmured. "If I don't want to freeze up when faced with a kill-or-be-killed situation, it might help to watch some of your memories."

"I'm not sure I want you to see me like that," Harry muttered, "and I certainly don't want you in a situation like that."

"I want my parents back," Hermione hissed. "We don't live in a good world, Harry, and we don't get what we want."

Harry looked down at her in alarm and said, "You asked me once not to let the devils or the Death Eaters change who I am."

"I remember," Hermione whispered, looking away. "You replied by saying that it was high time you grew up. The same is true for me. I'll try not to let this ruin me, and it's not like I suddenly want to murder the innocent or anything, but I'm just so bloody angry that there are moments where I feel like I'm going to explode."

"That I can understand," Harry murmured, hugging her again.

"It is one of the stages of grief," Hermione whispered into his chest. "I'm sure that I'll reach a point where I'm ready to speak to them, but I'm not there yet."

"I understand that too," Harry whispered.

"Have you thought about showing it to Sirius?" Hermione asked.

"No," Harry replied, shaking his head. "The tale of Cadmus Peverell is why I limited Luna to using it only once for the time being, and I would limit the both of us to the same. Sirius, though, given the life he's lived since that terrible night, already lives in the past enough, and I don't know what facing my dad again would do to him."

"I don't even want to think about that," Hermione shuddered.

"Continuing with your occlumency training will help with this too," Harry murmured.

"Not that I'm making much progress there," Hermione hissed.

"It takes time," Harry said, earning himself another frustrated glare from the brunette.

Just then, a charmed parchment airplane flew into the room, and Harry snatched it out of the air.

How much longer are you going to be?

I've nearly cum twice, and it's always so hard to stop a third time.

L

Harry snorted and showed the letter to Hermione, whose lips quirked despite her mood.

"I could use something to get my mind off of...everything," she murmured. "Shall we?"

Harry nodded and vanished the letter before taking her hand and leading her to the shower.

*****

"Bloody hell, how'd you get so good at this?" Ron asked as he watched Harry work on their potion, and he was surprised that the redhead hadn't complained yet about how late this particular class was being held.

It was after dinner, and they'd ended up with a potions class after someone dared to fill Snape's classroom and office with rose-scented pink foam earlier, disrupting what would have been their one o'clock lesson. If the way he'd been trying to bore holes in the twins' heads with his eyes during dinner was any indication, he strongly suspected that it was them, and Harry hoped for their sakes that they'd covered their tracks if it was.

"I found someone capable of teaching the subject," Harry replied quietly, not that he particularly cared if Snape heard him or not.

The overgrown bat hadn't said a word to him in weeks, not since he learned what role the man had played in his parents' deaths. He had switched up the pairings that day, something that he did now and then, presumably just to screw with his students, and it saw Harry moved to work with his former friend. It was odd reuniting with Ron, a boy who had been one of the most important people in his life for years but whom he'd barely thought about in months.

"We just want the cabbage leaves, right?" Ron asked, checking his book as he held the struggling plant tightly.

"Yes, discard the teeth," Harry nodded.

Ron sliced clean through the spine of the Chinese chomping cabbage, killing it, and got to work removing the leaves from it.

"Listen, Harry, I…" he went to say.

"One second," Harry sighed, slipping his wand into his hand and casting a silent muffliato charm.

If Snape noticed, he didn't even look at them.

As Harry nodded, Ron continued, saying, "I'm sorry."

"For?" Harry asked.

"For being such a prat," Ron muttered. "Even before we found out that it was that Death Eater disguised as Professor Moody who put you in the tournament, I should have known that you didn't enter yourself."

"Yes, you should have," Harry said neutrally. "Add the leaves."

Ron did so, and as Harry started stirring clockwise, he added, "I was just jealous, you know?"

"Envious, technically," Harry replied. "Jealousy is the fear of losing something to another, while envy is wanting what someone else has. Bloody no one gets that right."

"You've been spending a lot more time with Hermione since I left, huh?" Ron joked before looking more serious. "Look, I'm not going to ask you back or anything, because I think we've become really different people over the last few months, but I did want to say I'm sorry, and I was a right arse."

"Thank you," Harry murmured, genuinely pleased by that.

The truth was that he and Ron had really drifted apart since his name came out of the goblet, and he doubted that his old friend would fit into his new life. He certainly couldn't tell him about Rias or Akeno. Even discounting how instantly envious the redhead would become at that, Harry doubted that his eardrums could take it if his mother learned about them.

"How is Hermione doing anyway?" Ron asked.

"Grieving," Harry replied as he added the red spider, the last ingredient in skele-gro, and gave it its final seven counter-clockwise stirs. "She's taking things day by day. It's all she can do."

"I still can't believe it," Ron muttered. "Those evil bastards. I hope they keep killing each other."

"As do I," Harry said darkly, reducing the flame under the cauldron.

He let it simmer on a very low heat for another couple minutes, waiting for it to go from its current green color to the distinct yellow sludge he was more familiar with than he wanted to be. It did so a couple minutes later, and he snuffed out the flame as Ron carefully ladled some of it into a vial for Snape. He took it over to the man, noting that Malfoy glared up at him as he passed. He paid the blonde no heed, something that had been quite easy to do of late, as he'd been nearly silent since learning of his father's death.

"Adequate," Snape said, not looking him in the eye as he placed the vial on his desk. "Clean up, and you two are free to leave."

Harry didn't reply and drew his wand, cleaning up their workstation quickly before grabbing his things and leaving the dark, dank room.

"What happened between you two?" Ron couldn't help but ask as soon as they were out of the room. "Ever since that morning in the Great Hall, he's barely looked at you."

"We came to an understanding," Harry replied. "He stays out of my way, and I stay out of his."

"And he gets to keep his head," he added mentally.

"Blimey," Ron chuckled. "If I'd known it was that easy…"

"I wouldn't recommend trying to draw your wand on him," Harry cut him off, chuckling. "He remains at least as dangerous as he looks."

"Erm, Harry," Ron said, looking awkward. "I know I have no right to ask anything, and I swear this isn't why I apologized. I've want to for ages but couldn't think of a way to approach you that wouldn't be bloody awkward…"

"Spit it out," Harry interrupted him, rolling his eyes.

"Are you dating Hermione or Luna?" Ron asked.

"What?" Harry asked. He'd expected a request of some kind, not that.

"Dean thinks it's Luna, but I figure you've known Hermione longer and seem even closer to her than before," Ron explained. "We argued about it, and he was too scared to ask you, because you seem bloody scary these days, as was Seamus, who has the mad idea that you're actually seeing Fleur."

"It is all three of us, actually," Luna smiled, happening to turn the corner at that moment. She kissed Harry's cheek and took his hand as she added, "Did you finish your potion?"

"Yes," Harry replied. "Hermione's already done too."

"Perfect," Luna murmured, "then we can get going. It was nice seeing you again, Ronald. Tell Ginny I said hi."

"Hah…" Ron babbled, sounding like his brain had stopped functioning.

"Anyway, Ron, it was nice catching up, but I have to run," Harry chuckled. "See you later."

"Hah," Ron replied, making Luna giggle as he led her away.

"Fleur and Hermione are already in the room," Luna whispered in his ear. "We can begin the moment the others arrive."

Harry nodded, and the two of them made their way up to the seventh floor, prepared to attempt the ritual they'd all been contemplating for a while.

*****

As Fleur examined the ritual circle on the ground of their significantly transformed training room, she deemed it good enough to serve her purposes here and recalled the moment where she learned about what she was going to be helping with today.

"What sort of...contract?" Fleur asked suspiciously.

"The master-servant contract," Rias replied.

"It's not as bad as it sounds, and reversible besides," Harry cut in. "We found the scroll detailing the ritual in the room here and thought that it sounded potentially interesting."

"What it does is bind two people together; a master and a servant," Rias explained. "It's primary purpose appears to be to ensure that the servant cannot betray the master, but it has other benefits, the greatest of which is that, for as long as the contract is in place, both the master and the servant will always know where the other is."

"With the growing danger we all find ourselves in, we thought that it might be useful," Hermione murmured, "but we wanted to make sure that it was safe first. I looked over the English translation you gave me, and there were a couple concerning things."

"There are risks that we'll need to mitigate if we're going to do it," Rias agreed. "For one thing, we absolutely cannot use my power as the basis of the contract."

"Why not?" Fleur asked, trying to keep her face as neutral as possible. She didn't like the sound of this at all but figured there'd be no point in trying to shoot it down immediately.

"I was concerned about that as well," Hermione murmured. "Rias' mother is from the Bael clan and possesses their Power of Destruction."

"If Harry triggered a punishment of any kind from our pact, I couldn't guarantee that he wouldn't be seriously hurt," Rias continued, looking at him, "and I'm not willing to risk that under any circumstances."

"Wouldn't that only happen if I betrayed you, though?" Harry asked, furrowing his brow in confusion. "You do trust that I wouldn't, right?"

"It wouldn't need to be a major betrayal," Rias replied. "We're going to have moments where we disagree in life, and you're going to do things that I don't appreciate at times; that's just a natural part of any relationship. I don't want to risk having your kidneys burn out of existence because you decide that you're not up for training some day."

"Zat could 'appen?" Fleur asked, aghast.

"My power is dangerous, and like I say, I'm not willing to risk endangering Harry," Rias replied. "The whole reason we would do this at all would be to add a layer of safety and security where he's concerned. I'm going to need someone whose power isn't inherently lethal to conduct the ritual, as a third person can be involved in the actual binding process."

"Hermione or I could do it," Luna piped up, "though I don't have any experience with ritual magic."

"My runic studies lend themselves pretty well to that, but I still haven't covered the sixth-year material in my private studies, much less N.E.W.T. or post-N.E.W.T material," Hermione frowned.

"I could do it," Fleur offered, earning a surprised look from the redhead. "Runes is one of my best subjects, and zough I studied ze enchanting aspects of it more zan ze ritual aspects, I'd still probably be ze most capable one 'ere."

"You're sure, Fleur?" Harry asked.

"Under normal circumstances, I would be quite opposed to zis," Fleur admitted, "but given ze times we live in and 'ow precarious your situation is, I see ze reasoning behind it. If your Voldemort managed to abduct you out of 'Ogwarts, 'aving Rias be able to instantly know where you are could be very 'elpful."

"I'm glad you agree," Rias sighed happily. "Your Veela nature, though…"

"Were I one of zese 'phoenix devils,' it might be ill-advised, but zough I 'ave an affinity for fire and ze 'arpy form amplifies zis, ze most noteworthy aspect of my power is ze allure," Fleur explained. " 'Arry might suffer from an outright painful erection for questioning your commands, but so long as it did not last more zan four 'ours, it should be fine."

"I could help with your erections, Harry," Luna murmured.

"Thanks Luna," Harry snorted.

"You said it was reversible, oui?" Fleur asked as Rias pulled a translated copy of the scroll from her bag to give her.

"Yes," Rias replied as Harry nodded. "The ritual needs to be done on the night of the full moon and can be reversed under any other full moon."

"Well, ze moon is waxing now and will be full in just over a week and a half," Fleur murmured, taking the scroll and looking it over. "I'll read this over in ze meantime and learn what I must to help you with it."

"Thank you, Fleur," Rias smiled. "I know you've been...slow to trust us, and I'm glad to see that you've come around this much."

"Your love for 'Arry is undeniable," Fleur replied. "Whatever reservations I might 'ave 'ad, I know zat is true."

Rias smiled at her as Fleur put the scroll away.

When Rias first gave Fleur the task of conducting the ritual for the Master-Servant Contract, she wondered why the devil heiress was willing to trust her with it. She'd not been outright rude since the first night that she found out just what Harry's two remaining lovers were, but she'd also not deceived them about her lingering doubts about them. It had taken only a single night of researching the scroll she'd been given to figure out why.

The Master-Servant Contract was a brilliant work of ritual magic and one which she'd never have devised if she'd been given decades to work on it. It was magically complicated and yet so well designed that there were few ways to really interfere with it. As the third person involved in the ritual, her magic would fuel it, and she would conduct it, but her actual input in it was relatively limited. There was no way for her to try to enslave either or both of them to herself, for instance, or really any major way to sabotage it, so Rias' trust made a little more sense to her than it first had. The ritual itself still left her somewhat wary, though.

She wanted to trust them; she really did, both because they were so important to Harry as well as to Luna and Hermione, but also because she'd actually felt the depths of their love for him. She had met enough terrible people before and read accounts from Veela who had as well to know that people could feel genuine love for others and still wish to control or rule them. People in real life were more complex than they were in fiction, and evil monsters like Voldemort, who genuinely couldn't feel human emotion, were exceptionally rare.

"She could love 'Arry and still wish to be 'is master," she thought to herself. "I haven't seen 'er with the rest of 'er servants, and I can't really speak to how she treats them, and Akeno is 'er best friend, so zeir relationship isn't really zat useful in zis case. In carrying out ze ritual, I will be enslaving 'Arry to 'er and while it can be undone, it requires both of their consent to do so."

It was something that she'd struggled with for days before coming up with a solution. There weren't many ways that she could mess around with the ritual, and the benefits regarding Harry's safety were too valuable to really object to, but there was one thing that she'd discovered was possible. It was a minor alteration, in truth, and one that would not only work out better for Harry in any event but also hopefully help Fleur move past her lingering aversion to the devils in his life.

"After all," she thought to herself. "If Rias goes along with it anyway, what more proof could I need of her good intentions?"

*****

"Ah, there you are," Hermione murmured the moment she saw Harry and Luna enter the room, looking up from the book she'd taken from the finished pile. "You looked to have made such progress on your skele-gro that I thought you'd be here sooner."

"Ron wanted to talk," Harry explained.

"Oh?" Hermione asked.

"He...apologized for everything," Harry replied.

"Really?" Hermione asked, surprised.

"Yeah," Harry replied. "He seemed oddly mature about it. He then asked if I was dating you or Luna."

"I told him it was all three of us," Luna murmured, "and he developed the greatest wrackspurt infestation I've ever seen."

"I'm going to get some questions about that later," Hermione sighed. "In truth, I'm surprised I haven't already."

"Speculation might not have been that widespread," Harry shrugged.

"Anyway, let's head inside," Hermione said. "I've had the training room altered for the ritual."

The three of them headed inside and saw that the room had changed completely. Rather than their typical training room, with its padded floors, scattered training dummies, and high ceiling, it looked simpler. It was small, with three darkly painted walls, a hardwood floor, and a wall, across from the door, that was one giant window, through which streamed the light of the full moon. Harry could see the dark lake outside and the Forbidden Forest in the distance. He didn't know how, but in that moment, the room requirement had a window to the outside, and he was really glad that it was so late.

Fleur was looking down at the ritual circle drawn on the ground, comparing it to the one in the scroll she was holding. This step wasn't specifically necessary, but giving her a visual in front of her to focus on as she conjured and filled that circle with magic was a good idea, given that she hadn't done anything quite like this before.

"Rias Gremory and Akeno Himejima," Harry called out with the summoning paper in hand.

The two of them appeared a moment later, and Rias rushed over to kiss him.

"That looks just like the visual in the scroll," Akeno murmured, looking down at the circle.

"I 'ad Dobby get the room to conjure it for us and generally trust a 'ouse elf's precision," Fleur said.

"I'll fly up and look," Akeno said as her wings sprung from her back and she rose until her back was nearly against the ceiling. "Yeah, it looks good to me."

"Good," Fleur smiled, looking over at Luna and Hermione just as they sat down on the couch that was placed for them.

"Alright, you remember your part, Fleur?" Rias asked.

"Oui," Fleur replied. "Step inside the circle now and I'll begin. Rias, you're to stand on the side nearest the window, the master side of the circle, and Harry, you're to stand on the side nearest the door."

She drew her wand as the two of them carefully stepped inside the circle, making sure that they didn't disrupt anything, and added, "Just stand still while I get this part set up. It will take a few moments."

She traced her wand through the air, drawing little runic symbols of golden light on the floor and charging them with enough magic to stick around. She traced over the diagram on the floor, using it as a stencil to ensure that she got this right. The ritual for the Master-Servant Contract wasn't the sort that was terribly dangerous if done poorly, but a single error would still stop it from working and mean that they'd have to start over once it failed.

It took her a few minutes, during which Harry and Rias stood still in the center, the former practicing his occlumency while the latter stayed still with practiced ease. A noble heiress did not fidget in public after all, something that her mother had drilled into her extensively while she was growing up. Eventually, though, it was done, and Fleur let out a sigh of relief when it was, and she was able to draw the circle itself, encasing the symbols she'd already drawn. The concentration needed for that step, along with the sheer amount of magic required, was not insignificant, and she wiped the sweat from her brow with a smile on her face.

"Zere," she murmured. "Now, I need you both to reach out to ze circle and feed your own magic into it."

Rias and Harry nodded and reached out mentally to the swirling vortex of power around them. Rias managed it first, being far more familiar with magic of this kind, and little streaks of crimson colored the golden circle near her end of it. Voldemort had quite a bit of familiarity with ritual magic, and Harry had managed to make use of his expertise in the matter. It still took him a moment to feel Fleur's power surrounding him, but once he did, he managed to add his magic to it, and little streaks of a different shade of red than Rias' started coloring the circle on his side.

The crimson and red streaks disappeared as they were absorbed into the ritual. These two were the subject of it, and their very souls would end up linked by the end of it, but they were not in charge of it. The more magic they fed into it, the simultaneously easier and more taxing it became for Fleur. She didn't have to power the whole thing herself anymore as they became more and more a part of it, but she did need to hold everything together. She was not weak, though, and had more than enough will and magic to do her part. After a few minutes, both Harry and Rias shivered as they simultaneously felt the ritual circle lock them together.

"Alright, we're ready to begin," Fleur smiled. "Rias, Harry, do you both wish to form this Master-Servant Contract and thereby bind your souls together?"

"I do," Rias nodded, smiling at Harry.

"I do," Harry replied, his face warming a little. The formal declaration was meant to ensure that their minds and magic were focused on the task at hand, but it made it feel almost like a wedding, something that he was surprised by how much he liked.

Rias seemed to catch on to what he was thinking and blushed even harder, her face splitting into a wide smile.

"Rias, take my hand," Fleur murmured, stretching out an arm towards her and smiling as the other girl slipped her hand into her grip.

The crimson-haired beauty did so, and she began chanting the magical phrases detailed in that strange little book. If not for the devils' ability to speak in tongues, they might have been in trouble at this part, as rituals often didn't work as well if you attempted to speak the words of them in another language. Things often got slightly lost in translation, after all, and when it came to ritual magic, precision and attention to detail were musts. Luckily, Rias was able to sound out the words through her instinctive understanding of them and wrote out, syllable by syllable, how it sounded while also giving her enough of a translation to help her figure out the meaning of the words.

Rias joined in with the chant when Fleur gave her the signal, and it had an immediate effect on the ritual circle. The faint golden glow of it became almost blindingly bright and then enveloped Rias' form. It enveloped Harry a moment later, and he was filled with a warmth and sense of joy that he realized a moment later was coming from Rias. There was a hint of mischievousness in there too, which he ignored, not wanting to break his concentration on the ritual for a moment, and a great, overwhelming lust that he needed to put out of his mind as well.

Fleur went quiet and let Rias finish the chant, and as she did so, the blonde turned to Harry and said, "In a moment, a magic circle will appear on the back of Rias' right hand. By kissing it, you will accept the pact binding you together."

"I know," Harry nodded, his eyes locking onto Rias' hand as he awaited the last part of the ritual.

"Um, Harry?" Hermione asked a moment later, and he looked over in surprise.

Her, Luna, and Akeno had wanted to watch the ritual, but all three knew better than to interrupt it for fear of causing something to go wrong, and he knew she'd only pipe up at all if something was wrong.

"Rias, his hand!" Akeno called out, and Rias looked down where her queen was pointing, her eyes going wide as she saw just what she was talking about.

"What the hell?!" she exclaimed. "Harry, look."

Harry turned his hand around and saw a golden runic circle, just like the one described in the book, on the back of his hand. This was proof that the ritual had worked mostly as described but with only one problem. That circle should have been on Rias' hand, and he really didn't know what it could mean for it to be on his other than the possibility that…

"Did you reverse the ritual?!" Rias exclaimed, glaring at Fleur.

"I...er…" Fleur stammered, looking down at the circle as if to try to inspect it.

The truth was that that was exactly what she had done. The ritual left few means of interfering with it that wouldn't cause the whole thing to fail, but the matter of who was the master and who was the servant was absolutely left to the discretion of the person conducting it. Having grown up in a Veela household, she had heard more tales of the terrible things devils did and the harm they both caused in general, and what their apparent association had done to their people all her life.

She could recognize that Rias and Akeno didn't appear to be like the monsters she'd grown up hearing about, but she still really didn't like the idea of enslaving Harry to either of them. When she figured out that she could easily reverse the ritual, she figured that it would make the perfect test. If Rias agreed to be Harry's slave, even temporarily, she could take that as proof that she actually was capable of selflessness and thus nothing like the evil monsters she'd been warned about all her life. That wasn't exactly something that she could admit to during the ritual, though, lest it fall apart.

"Something must 'ave gone wrong," Fleur muttered, looking around with feigned franticness. "but ze ritual seems to 'ave worked out otherwise. Kiss 'Arry's 'and before ze light goes out, and you two will be bound regardless."

"With Harry as the master?" Akeno asked, sounding amused as Rias squawked in outrage.

"But that...I…" Rias stammered as Fleur looked at her curiously.

"Rias, we…" Harry went to say, his face falling. "You know you can trust me, right?"

"It's not a matter of trust," Rias insisted. "Of course I trust you, Harry, but…"

"Rias, it's reversible," Akeno pointed out, "and more to the point, it's not something we can start over tonight. This isn't the time to let your nobility get in the way."

Rias looked away at that, feeling chastised, but she couldn't help it. She was the heiress of the noble house of Gremory and had been raised all her life to take over for her father some day. She knew deep down that she could be spoiled sometimes and definitely had a habit of taking command in situations whether it was really warranted or not, but she couldn't help it. She was the daughter of Zeoticus Gremory and Venelana Bael and the younger sister of the great devil Lucifer. Ruling was in her blood and what she'd been raised for, and while she loved Harry deeply and wanted to be his wife someday, the idea of being enslaved, even by him, was antithetical to her entire being. She didn't have a submissive bone in her body and…

"Rias, please!" Hermione exclaimed as she saw both the magic circle on Harry's hand and the one surrounding them start to flicker.

Rias stood there, her blue eyes wide, paralyzed by indecision, and as she saw the lights go out, her heart lurched.

"Merde," Fleur muttered under her breath, feeling guilty about the turn things had taken. She truly had thought that Rias would go along with it anyway and hadn't for a moment feared that altering the ritual as she had might blow it up like this.

"Now it's ruined, and the protective advantage he'd have gained is gone," she thought to herself, scowling and pinching her nose. "Now we will have to wait a month before we can try aga…"

"Rias," Harry sighed, feeling both disappointed and hurt. "Do you really not trust me at all?"

"It's not that, I...ahh!" Rias cried, her legs buckling as an all-consuming lust the likes of which she'd never known hit her.

"Rias!" Harry rushed forward, wrapping his arms around her. "What's wrong? What in the world?"

His eyes widened as he saw what he could only describe as a reddish violet collar appear around her neck. It looked like a glowing tattoo of sorts, a simple thick band of light that met in the middle with a heart-shaped clasp.

"It...I...oh fuck," Rias stammered, leaning against Harry as her panties were ruined in seconds.

"What did you do?" Akeno demanded, all amusement leaving her voice as she flew over faster than Fleur could blink and held her to the wall by her throat.

"Akeno!" Hermione exclaimed, jumping to her feet. "It could have just been a mistake."

"I don't think it was," Akeno said, her eyes narrowed and her grip loosening just enough to let Fleur speak. "Having her do the ritual was something I agreed with Rias on only because I figured it would take you or Luna too long to learn what you'd need to for it and because, from what I'd seen, there weren't really any ways that she could harm either of them. If I missed something, though…"

"I reversed ze ritual!" Fleur admitted. "I want to trust you two for 'Arry's sake, but it is difficult because of 'ow I was raised. I zought if I could see for myself zat Rias would selflessly accept being ze servant in ze arrangement zat it could quiet my remaining doubts. I swear zat's all I did, zough!"

"Rias, what's wrong?" Harry asked, brushing the trembling girl's hair out of her face as she continued to cling to him. Looking to Fleur, he scowled and hissed, "You did nothing else?"

"I think Fleur's telling the truth, Harry," Luna murmured, studying the beautiful devil. "I don't think Rias is suffering from some magical malady. Look at her eyes; they're almost black."

"Oh," Hermione sighed. "Fleur did say this was the sort of effect that punishments would take if we used her power for it."

"Wait, are you just horny?" Akeno asked, letting Fleur go as she whipped around and stared at her oldest friend in shock.

"S...so...horny," Rias stuttered.

"Oh," Fleur sighed, relieved that she hadn't accidentally messed things up even more than she'd thought.

"It's because she didn't submit," Luna speculated. "The ritual worked anyway and put her right in her punishment state."

"What?" Rias asked, shaking her head to try and clear away the fog of lust and desire that had overtaken her. Taking a step back made her soaked panties shift slightly against her heated flesh, though, and she cried out, falling to her knees.

"What do we do then?" Harry asked.

"Well, getting rid of her clothes first would help," Akeno chuckled, relieved by the thought that there was nothing terribly wrong with Rias.

She undressed the redhead with a wave of her hand and bit her lip when she saw just how visibly wet she was. Rias was dripping onto the floor below, shaking like a leaf from the sheer raw desire coursing through her. She rolled onto her back and spread her legs before looking up at Harry, her eyes blazing.

"Fuck me!" she cried, and Harry undressed with a wave of his wand.

His cock throbbed with need at the sight before him, Rias flushed and visibly horny, her nipples looking painfully hard and her pussy wet and swollen. He would have a few choice words for Fleur when this was done, but for now, he was more than happy to help Rias.

"'Arry, wait!" Fleur exclaimed as he sank to his knees and moved into position.

"What?" Harry asked, looking over and cocking an eyebrow at her.

"Rias' reluctance to submit to you, as her master, is what put 'er in zis state," Fleur explained. "Giving in to 'er demand and fucking 'er probably wouldn't 'elp at all."

"What?" Rias asked blearily, so enthralled by lust that she could barely think. "No, please!"

"Fleur's likely right," Akeno murmured. "If her refusal to accept you as her master was seen by the magic of the contract as a betrayal, then the only way to end it is for her to do so."

"I'm starting to think this wasn't the best idea," Hermione muttered, burying her face in her hands.

"Rias, submitting can be really fun," Luna said encouragingly. "I do it all the time to you, or to Harry, or to Akeno."

"I...gah!" Rias cried, squirming on the floor as the heat and pressure in her core grew even worse.

"'Arry, I zink you're going to 'ave to touch 'er," Fleur sighed. "She is bound to you, and if ze state she is in is anything like what I entered when you teased me ze first time we slept together, the slightest touch will be stimulating in ze extreme."

"Akeno, why is Rias so reluctant to give in here?" Hermione asked quietly as she walked close. "I understand not being submissive, but this seems to be more involved."

"It's a devil thing but not in the way you might think, Fleur," Akeno replied dryly as she watched her old friend continue to squirm. "The Gremorys might not be the harshest or most imperious family, but they are still high nobility among the devils. She's been raised to project strength and authority in all things, and while she's no tyrant, she is very used to being in control. I gave up on trying to get her to submit to me in bed ages ago and could have told you all of this if you'd bothered to ask."

"I'm sorry," Fleur grimaced.

"Rias, I'm here," Harry murmured tenderly. "This can stop, but you need to accept me as your master, just for the next month."

He placed a hand on her hip, and she cried out, her back arching.

"Keep it up," Luna breathed, watching closely from next to them. "The purpose of the contract is to help the master enforce his will on the servant, so you need to be really mastery with her. Treat her like you would me or Akeno."

"N...n...oh fuck!" Rias cried as he traced his hand up along her smooth skin.

His faintest touch felt orgasmic in the oversensitive state that she was in. She was so hot she was already slick with sweat from head to toe, and her cunt was overflowing with her juices. She felt like she was right on the edge of an orgasm like none she'd ever experienced, and while a moment ago she'd wanted nothing more than for Harry to fuck her, she honestly feared that it might be too much for her.

She was sure in that moment that if he even breathed on her clit she'd cum hard, and she couldn't even imagine how impossibly good being split in two by his massive cock would feel just then. Part of her feared that it might be so intense that it would kill her, and part of her didn't care if it did. In that state of overheated, all-consuming desire, she felt like she was of two minds on both things.

She wanted the torment to end, but the pleasure was so intense to the point of being madness-inducing that she also hoped it never would. She wanted to kill Fleur for doing this to her and also wanted to bury her face between the Veela's legs to thank her for inflicting such exquisite ecstasy on her. Nothing left her more conflicted, though, than the idea of actually submitting to Harry and calling him her master. Even knowing that it would be temporary and even with how much she loved him, it conflicted with who she'd been raised to be so much that she remained reluctant.

"Ahh!" she screamed when he cupped one of her breasts.

"Rias, I need you to say the word," Harry whispered in her ear as he kneaded her sensitive mound. "We can reverse this later, but for now, I need you to call me master."

"Harry, I think it's possible that the extreme arousal has hindered her ability to think," Hermione posited. "No matter how much she might not like the idea of being submissive, in bed or otherwise, there's no logical reason to fight it in this case when it can be undone later, but…"

"But if she's not thinking clearly, then that could explain this," Harry surmised.

There was only one thing that he could think to do to try to help her with that. Leaning in, he captured one of her rock-hard nipples between his lips and moved his hand down along her flat belly, reaching for her dripping quim. Before he even came close to it, though, she let out a keening wail, and her back arched off the ground as she came hard.

"That was just from you sucking on her nipple?" Luna asked, her silver eyes wide. "Could we do this sometime?"

Pleasure exploded through her entire body, robbing her of her wits and making her writhe and convulse under Harry's touch. She'd only ever cum that hard with his cock inside her or when he used parseltongue on her, and the fact that all it had taken was only his lips around one of her nipples to do that was both exhilarating and terrifying. She wanted more desperately.

Harry could almost feel the desire for more of his touch radiating off of Rias and decided to do as Luna had suggested and treat her as he would Akeno, at least to an extent.

"Still unwilling?" he asked, slipping into dom voice. "Such a bad girl."

"H...Harry?" Rias asked, her lust-darkened eyes going wide.

"You know what will make this stop," Harry whispered in her ear, making her shiver. "If the only way to get you through this is to make you cum again and again until you say the words, then that's what I'll do."

He reached lower, crossing her hairless mound, and pressed three of his fingers against her dripping wet folds, making her scream. Curling his middle finger inward, he trailed it through her nether lips slowly, brushing against her taut little nub, and she came apart. She shrieked as she came again and sat up, shaking like a leaf as pure pleasure thundered through her. Harry wrapped an arm around her back, holding her sweat-drenched form tightly, and pushed three fingers inside her.

"HARRY!" Rias squealed as she squirted all over the place the second he stroked her g-spot.

"That's not my name," Harry whispered in her ear, "not now anyway. You know what to call me, Rias."

Fleur watched with bated breath as Rias writhed in his arms, orgasm after mind-melting orgasm wracking through her beautiful form. This hadn't been what she had in mind at all, and as she watched the gorgeous redhead continue to fight against the bond, she dearly hoped that she hadn't actually hurt her, both because it would surely mean her death and even more so because of what it would do to Harry.

"What am I to you?!" Harry exclaimed as he watched Rias go through what he swore was her dozenth orgasm since this started.

"MY MASTER!" Rias shrieked, and the glowing collar around her neck disappeared.

She collapsed in his arms, and Harry pulled his fingers from her still spasming pussy to cup her cheek.

"Are you okay?" he asked, watching as she panted for breath and continued to shiver and shake.

"It's...passing," Rias panted. "By the...lightbringer!"

"Time to face the music, Fleur," Akeno chuckled, wrapping an arm around the Veela's waist and pulling her forward.

Luna gulped as she saw Fleur approach what she was sure was a very angry Rias and said, "This would be a good time to apologize."

"I'm sorry, Rias," Fleur winced. "I really did zink zat you'd agree, and it wouldn't really matter much who was...on top in zis case."

"You know...how I feel for Harry," Rias panted. "Was that really...not enough?"

"I just wanted to assuage my own remaining doubts," Fleur sighed. "I figured that you selflessly agreeing to be his servant despite the difference in power would be proof zat devils really could care for more zan power. I did not even zink zat, given your upbringing, you might 'ave perfectly explainable issues with such zings. Again, I'm sorry."

"I hope that you'll...make things up to her," Harry grumbled, both angry at Fleur and fearful that Rias would demand he have nothing more to do with her because of this. In that moment he knew he'd agree without hesitation, but he'd also really miss the beautiful blonde.

"Of course," Fleur agreed. "I am so sorry, Rias, and I swear I'll make this up to you if you let me. Naturally, I will undo ze contract as soon as we can."

"No, you won't," Rias said flatly, and Fleur winced. She was under no illusion about who Harry would choose between them if forced and felt her heart sink at the thought that she'd fucked up something good. "We won't be undoing the ritual on the next full moon."

"What?" Fleur asked, shocked.

"Huh?" Harry asked, and Akeno, Luna, and Hermione all looked at her in surprise.

"It did work, clearly, and I can feel your presence in a way that I've never felt anyone's," Rias replied. "You feel that too?"

"Yeah," Harry replied, smiling as he realized that he could actually feel her on a level that he'd never felt before. In his panic about how things had gone, he hadn't actually focused on that at all yet.

"We could undo this after a full cycle of the moon; the scroll makes that clear, but it doesn't make clear if we could then immediately do it the way that we intended to or if we'd have to wait another cycle," Rias continued. "Your safety means everything to me, Harry, and I'm not going to jeopardize that just because I have...complicated feelings about certain parts of it."

The collar flickered into being on her neck again even with how she'd danced around the issue, and she went still, only relaxing when it disappeared almost immediately after.

"Well, zere is ze proof I was looking for," Fleur thought to herself, feeling beyond foolish.

"Fleur, you say that you're willing to make amends, and I have a simple way for you to do so," Rias said, glaring at her.

The pettiest part of her wanted to banish the Veela from their presence for good for this, but her more pragmatic side quickly won out when she realized one little thing: she'd finally won her over. Fleur had been more reluctant than Hermione to accept her and Akeno in Harry's life up to this point, and she knew why. In trying to distance themselves from the devils they were associated with for their own survival, the Veela had apparently come to think of them in even harsher terms. As she stood before her now, though, Rias could tell that Fleur had finally come to accept that she wasn't what her people said she was.

She wasn't in the habit of accepting indignities, and under normal circumstances, her reaction to something like this would have been harsher, but Fleur was potentially useful to her. Even ignoring that Harry and Luna were both very fond of the beautiful blonde, she was a capable, powerful witch in her own right and a member of a race that Rias had always thought her people shouldn't have discarded so carelessly. There were a number of things that she could potentially accomplish with her aid, aid she figured that she might actually get after this. That didn't mean that she wasn't going to punish her, though.

"Name it," Fleur sighed, more than willing to take her lumps in this case.

"We're not reversing the Master-Servant Contract until Voldemort is dead for good, which means that I am likely going to end up in a position just like this again," Rias said, standing up. "If you want to make amends for this, my condition is simple: every time I end up in that position, so do you."

She looked over to Akeno, and before Fleur could even reply, the raven-haired devil had her stripped and bound by chains, the manacles of which locked around her ankles and wrists. As her arms were pulled towards the ceiling, Fleur squeaked and looked at Harry, whose utterly neglected cock throbbed at the sight.

"I...when I'm put into zat state of extreme arousal, it triggers ze 'arpy form, and I get...fiery," Fleur babbled.

"I can hold you," Akeno chuckled.

"What will it be?" Rias asked.

"If you agree, Fleur, could I help tease you?" Luna asked, her silver eyes darker than her tone.

Harry just looked at her pleadingly, and Fleur sighed, saying, "Okay, and yes, Luna."

The blonde smiled wickedly as Rias said, "The magic in those chains will keep you from cumming no matter what's done to you. If you're good, we might relax the charms in an hour."

"Oh, fuck," Fleur gasped as she saw Harry come over to her.

He kissed her, and she swore she could feel both abiding irritation and gratitude in the way his lips captured hers. Luna started kneading her breasts while Akeno kissed along the slender column of her neck and Rias spanked her hard. She screamed into Harry's mouth, feeling arousal bloom in her core, and realized that while she had gotten off relatively easy, that was something that wouldn't be true for her for what was going to feel like an eternity.

"Hermione, do you want to join us?" Harry asked.

"No," Hermione replied, shaking her head. "I have an early runes class tomorrow and need to actually sleep tonight. Rias, I'm glad you're okay. Night all."

They all wished her good night, and she left them behind, shaking her head. She was hot and slick between her legs and knew that she was going to need to tend to her needs later if she was going to get to sleep, but she really did need to turn in early and knew that none of them would be. She more than any of them could sympathize with Fleur in this instance, as she had also been really slow to trust the devils, and she hoped that Rias' decision to keep the contract in place was all the proof that the Veela needed that they really weren't as bad as so many would have them believe. That didn't mean that she didn't think doing what she'd done was stupid, though.

"Rias will make her punishment suitable," she thought to herself. "Of course, said punishment is likely to end with a gushing orgasm, so it won't be too bad."

Looking over at the pile of finished books on the table, she realized that Rias was going to have to move them soon, lest Dobby and Kreacher run out of space, and decided to take a look at them. Picking one up off of the table, she saw that it was written in what she believed to be Chinese characters and set it aside. The next one was in English, and her eyes widened when she realized what it was.

"The Mystery of Bonita by L. Frank Baum, oh cool!" she thought to herself. "If I recall correctly, this is one of his lost works. I'll definitely give it a look down the line."

Setting it aside, she picked up another book, a much larger one, and frowned in confusion as she opened it.

"What in the world?" she wondered to herself.

It was written in Tengwar, and for a moment, she thought that perhaps Kreacher had made a copy of the book that Dobby had already finished, which would have been a big problem, but then she realized that it was much larger than the one she'd found before. Setting it down across a pair of books from relatively even piles, she flipped through it carefully, her eyes widening progressively further as she did.

"It's definitely a different book," she murmured to herself. "Even the handwriting looks different. What is this?"

She closed the book and took it with her as she went off in search of the house elves. As she headed into the library itself for the first time in a little while, she noticed that it looked somewhat smaller, as if the pair of them had made quite significant progress, and she smiled at that. Harry wanted them to finish before the summer if possible so that they wouldn't have to take a break for it, and she hadn't thought that likely at first, but it seemed that having more than one elf working together made things much faster, and she wondered if they might just pull it off.

"Dobby!" she called out.

"Harry Potter's Hermione is calling Dobby?" the excitable elf asked as he appeared.

"Did you copy this book, or did Kreacher?" Hermione asked, opening it to show him.

"Dobby didn't do that one," Dobby replied. "Kreacher."

"What?" Kreacher hissed. "Oh, you found that gibberish text. Had the master not clearly said to copy everything here, Kreacher would have asked if he wanted it."

"This isn't the first book we've come across written in this text," Hermione said, not bothering to point out that it was written in an actual language. "I'd like to know how many other books there are written in it. Could you two have the room reduce the library to all such books for a couple minutes?"

"Dobby can," Dobby nodded, focusing on commanding the room to alter itself for a moment.

Hermione watched as shelf after shelf disappeared quickly, reducing the library to a fraction of its true size. She figured that some very dedicated Tolkien fans had decided to write a few books in Elvish and wondered if she could find out who they were. There had to be at least two people involved, as the two books she'd found so far were written by different hands.

"Insisting on handwriting the manuscripts instead of typing them out was a particularly nice touch," she thought to herself with a grin. "I can't imagine that there are terribly many of them. Handwriting a manuscript of this size would take…"

She trailed off mentally as the room finished shifting, and her jaw dropped at what she was left with. Thousands of books lined the remaining shelves, each presumably written in the script that she'd had Dobby specify. It was far more than the small group of Tolkien fanatics she'd envisioned could have pulled off in a lifetime. She didn't know if there were enough people on Earth both fond enough of the man's works to learn Elvish and bereft enough of a life to have the time needed to produce all of this, and frankly, it seemed unlikely.

"What the hell?" she couldn't help but ask aloud.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Yokho, Lopaka, ZealJD and 336 others
voivode_writer
Mar 4, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 24 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Mar 18, 2025
Add bookmark
#576
Fleur had never known a state of such all-consuming need before. Even when Harry accidentally went too far in his teasing the first time they slept together, it hadn't gotten that bad. Restrained from the ceiling, her entire body was covered in feathers, not just the downy little white ones that started to appear when she became slightly too aroused for comfort, but large yellow, orange, and red ones as well. Her face had shifted as well, becoming more angular and avian, and her eyes had turned entirely black. She even had wings, which had sprouted from her back a while ago and looked so distinctly inhuman that no one who laid eyes on her then could have mistaken her for anything but what she was.

The large mirror in front of her was the only thing making her at all aware of just how much she'd transformed but the visual was lost on her. Under normal circumstances she'd have given much thought to how she appeared, being admittedly rather vain, but those were far from normal circumstances. All that she could think about was the raw, throbbing ache between her legs and the madness-inducing emptiness that she felt there. She needed to be filled, she needed to be seeded, she needed…

"CAWK!" she cried, her voice sharp, avian, and harsh.

"She's so pretty like this," a short, fair-haired girl sighed, her big silver eyes raking over her form.

"Powerful too," a black-haired girl grunted, her hands outstretched and enveloped by circles of purple light.

"Is she becoming too much for you?" a crimson-haired girl asked from her throne next to the mirror. She had a glass of wine in her hand and a smirk on her face that Fleur found infuriating.

"No," the dark-haired girl replied. "I just wonder what a terror she'd be if she could learn to control this after you turn her. Could be useful."

"It could," the crimson-haired girl agreed.

"Fuck me, she's wet," a dark-haired man groaned as he ghosted his fingers over her feathery inner thighs, making her scream in frustration.

His throbbing cock was standing proud in the air, beckoning to her like a siren to a ship of sailors. Deep in the locked off-confines of her mind, that particular thought amused her for some reason, but she had no way of knowing why just then. Her frustration was palpable, and the air around her hot as her power billowed out from her body. She was held in check by the dark-haired girl, or else she'd have burned her way through her restraints by now. All she wanted was to mount that man and ride him until she came. It was her singular desire, and the knowledge that he was so close yet still outside her grasp was infuriating enough to make her scream.

"I think you've suffered enough for tonight, Fleur," the crimson-haired one sighed as she finished her glass of wine. "Fuck her, Harry. I want to see how hard she cums."

"As you wish," the man chuckled, walking behind her. "I just hope she doesn't burn my cock."

"She's feverishly hot right now but not enough to scald you," the black-haired girl assured him.

"I imagine it will feel even better with her so hot," the fair-haired girl smiled. "Maybe with Polyjuice, I could try this sometime."

"We'll see, Luna," the dark-haired man chuckled as he lined himself up with her dripping cunt.

When Fleur felt the head of his cock nestle between her heated folds, she went still, weeping with joy at the thought of her torment finally being over. He buried himself to the hilt inside her with one thrust, and she came instantly, promptly passing out.

"Ugh!" Fleur exclaimed as she woke up. Every muscle in her body ached, and she whimpered in pain as she struggled to sit up.

"Hello," Luna smiled.

"Luna?" Fleur asked blearily, wiping her eyes to help her see more clearly. "Where am I? Where's 'Arry?"

"He left, as did Rias and Akeno, and Hermione had already gone before we started playing with you," Luna replied serenely. "How are you feeling?"

"Sore," Fleur replied, "and parched."

A glass appeared before her, and Luna conjured water into it, which she drank happily.

"I figured you would be," Luna murmured as she sat down next to her on the bed. "I've never seen anyone squirt like you did. You were like a fountain."

"Zat was ze most intense zing I 'ave ever felt," Fleur shuddered. "It was almost worth…"

"Are you sorry?" Luna asked, giving her an oddly intense stare for her.

"Oui," Fleur sighed. "What I did was stupid, and I deserved Rias' punishment."

"You did," Luna said without heat. "Do you at least trust them now?"

"I do," Fleur sighed. "Rias' willingness to maintain ze contract until Voldemort is dead, despite her issues with it, is something zat I cannot ignore. She loves 'im, truly, and 'is well being is more important to 'er zan anything. Someone capable of zat is not like ze monsters I 'eard stories of growing up."

"Good," Luna smiled, brushing her fingers through Fleur's mussed-up silver-gold hair. "We're family, Fleur, and family can disagree, argue, and even fight, provided we make up later, but we can't deceive each other."

"Luna?" Fleur asked, furrowing her brow at the oddly distant look in the younger girl's eyes.

*****

"What am I going to do?" Luna wept, staring up at the specters of her parents. "Daddy, you were the only family I had left."

"Oh, sweetheart," Xenophilius lamented. "That doesn't have to be true."

"What?" Luna asked, blinking in confusion.

"What your father means is that someone doesn't have to share blood with you to be your family," Pandora explained. "The two of us didn't after all, and yet we made a family together."

"You've found yourself some wonderful friends, Luna," Xenophilius said softly, "friends who care a great deal about you."

"So Harry and the others can be my family?" Luna asked.

"Of course," Pandora smiled, brushing her fingers through her daughter's hair on instinct, only to sigh sadly when she recalled that she couldn't touch her. "You love them, don't you?"

"I do," Luna nodded.

"Would you like to be Harry's wife someday?" Pandora asked.

"I would, though I'd settle for being his live-in sex pet if polygamy isn't legal in the underworld," Luna replied.

"She's just like you were at her age, Panda," Xenophilius laughed, and Pandora smiled.

"Then he'll be your family," she continued, "him and anyone else you let into your big beautiful heart."

"So I could have a really big family?" Luna asked, her mind swimming with images of her and Harry lounging on a bed after an orgy, surrounded by dozens of sweaty, sated, and beautiful women.

"As big a family as you like," Pandora assured her. Leaning in, she whispered, "That man of yours seems to have the stamina of a dozen men."

"Yeah, Harry's wonderful," Luna sighed, wiping the tears from her eyes. "Thank you for this."

"Try not to call us too often, Lunebug," Xenophilius cautioned her. "The living should remain focused on the living, but if you ever need advice or just really need to chat, we'll always be here for you."

"I love you both so much," Luna whimpered.

"We love you too," Pandora whispered, her eyes misty.

"With all our hearts," Xenophilius added.

*****

"Luna?" Fleur asked again.

Luna blinked rapidly at her before asking, "What?"

"Are you okay?" Fleur asked, brushing the younger girl's hair behind her ear.

"So long as we all are," Luna replied airily.

"Harry, Rias, and Akeno are all understandably upset, but I meant what I said about making amends," Fleur replied.

"Then we'll be okay," Luna replied. "We'll be okay. We'll be okay."

"Um, Luna," Fleur ventured, still sensing alarming emotional distress coming from the other girl, "I'm rather sore just now and desperately need a shower. Could you 'elp me?"

"Alright," Luna replied, perking up a little at the idea of showering with her.

Fleur grunted as she stood up, and Luna looped one of her arms around her back while moving one of the Veela's arms around her shoulders. The room changed at her will, and a large shower formed around them, which started spraying warm water on them the moment Luna finished undressing. Fleur sighed in pleasure as the heat helped alleviate some of the strain in her sore muscles immediately, but most of her focus was on Luna.

At a glance, she seemed to be doing better than Hermione as the two came to terms with their terrible losses, but she'd doubted the blonde was quite as well as she appeared and got proof just then. The idea that she'd hurt Luna as well in her stupid test made Fleur feel even guiltier, and she swore that she'd make things up to her as well, no matter what it took.

*****

"So what exactly is zis plan of yours?" Vinda asked. "I 'ave 'umored you up to zis point due to your reputation, but I want some details."

"You dare question our lord?" Bellatrix hissed, her hand flying towards her wand only to find Vinda's pointing at her throat. The movement had been so quick that the insane witch was simultaneously infuriated and deeply impressed.

"Lower your wand, Miss Rosier," Voldemort commanded. "Bella, stand down. We are this woman's guests after all."

Vinda lowered her wand and turned to Voldemort, cocking a snow-white brow at the self-styled dark lord. She still didn't think him particularly worthy of the title, for though he was undoubtedly powerful, he lacked the grandiosity and vision that Grindelwald had always had.

"Shall I, my lord?" Augustus Rookwood asked.

"Go on," Voldemort nodded, sitting down at the head of the table in Vinda's dining room.

She pursed her lips slightly at his presumption, and he smiled inwardly. She wasn't one of his followers and didn't grovel at his feet as they did, which was one reason why only a handful of his most devout servants were there at the moment. She was powerful, though, and he had need of her, so he was willing to tolerate her to an extent. He would absolutely make clear just who was the most prominent and powerful person in the room, though, and delighted in seeing her irritation at that. Nagini approached him, and he beckoned his old ally, familiar, and horcrux onto his lap, knowing that the image would further unsettle his host.

Rookwood unfurled the map in his hands across the table and said, "Nurmengard's wards appear to have been strengthe…"

"What is zis?" Vinda asked, interrupting him.

"A map of Nurmengard," Rookwood replied as though that were obvious.

"Where is ze rest of it?" Vinda asked, glaring at the younger man. "Zis is ze prison tower, oui, but…"

"Oh, you don't know," Antonin Dolohov asked. "After the war, Dumbledore tore apart the rest of the fortress. All that remains is this tower."

"The German ministry keeps these schematics of what remains of it on hand, and a contact of Reinhardt's managed to get us a copy," Voldemort added. "Grindelwald is imprisoned at the top and has been since his duel with Dumbledore."

"Zat man," Vinda growled, shaking with rage. "If 'e managed to do zis zan our cause is lost."

"What makes you say that?" Rebastan Lestrange asked, curious.

"Ze wards of zat fortress were directly tied to my lord in a way zat I never truly understood," Vinda replied. "If Dumbledore was able to take the castle apart stone by stone like this, zen 'e managed to wrest control of zem away. If zey are tied to 'im, zen we will need 'im to get my lord out and zat…"

"Is my plan," Voldemort replied, earning a look of pure incredulity from the older witch. "I learned something very interesting not long ago. Every year on the twenty-fourth of June, Dumbledore visits his old foe. Why he chooses that particular date, I am unsure."

"It 'as no significance to me," Vinda commented. "You seriously intend to try to free my lord while Dumbledore is zere? Are you mad? 'E's Albus Dumbledore."

"Yes, he's Albus Dumbledore," Voldemort repeated theatrically. "He's the Supreme Mugwump of the I.C.W., the Chief Warlock of the British Wizengamot, and has been known since nineteen-forty-five as one of the most powerful wizards in the world. He's also old and has grown complacent, and I know for a fact that during these annual visits, he brings very few guards."

"You intend to ambush him," Vinda breathed. "Do you think you could kill him?"

"I think he's annoyingly good at not dying," Voldemort replied tersely, "but my goal would not be to kill him, not that I'd hesitate if I got the chance. I just need to wound him."

"The wards are tied to him, and so his blood could help us break them down," Rookwood added. "If we can get Grindelwald out and nurse him back to health, Dumbledore will, even if he survives the ambush, have both him and our lord to deal with then."

"In exchange for his help taking down our common enemy, I'd be willing to give him free rein in Europe," Voldemort offered. "Once Dumbledore's dead, Britain will be mine."

"If only you'd been able to make this deal during the war," Vinda said, clearly thinking it over.

"Alas, I only graduated from Hogwarts the year Grindelwald fell," Voldemort replied. "I...ugh."

"Master?" Bellatrix asked as he twitched.

"It's nothing," Voldemort glared, willing away the sudden headache that seemed to leave as quickly as it came.

Nagini hissed comfortingly at him, realizing that he'd experienced some discomfort, and he ghosted a hand over her cool scales, looking down at her for a moment before returning his gaze to Vinda.

"I came all the way out to Argentina for this because I believe that not only is it possible but that it…" he trailed off and fury welled inside him as he caught the faintest hint of something that shouldn't have been even mildly possible: a presence inside his mind.

"Potter!" he raged mentally, and he instantly felt the presence leave.

Furious didn't even begin to describe how he felt in that moment. No one had dared even try to peer into his mind since he graduated, and no one had succeeded since Dumbledore took a peek back in his fourth year at Hogwarts. He knew that there was a connection between them and had made use of it when he lured Potter out of Hogwarts with his toys' parents, but he'd never imagined that it might be used against him. His young foe had, with the element of surprise, managed to catch a slight glimpse, but he'd hurt him on the way in and been detected almost immediately. He wouldn't succeed again if he was foolish enough to try, and Voldemort almost hoped that he was.

"Did you zink of something?" Vinda asked.

"Yes," Voldemort replied coolly, unwilling to let anyone realize that something had just happened to him. "My followers and I will be able to lead the charge in ambushing Dumbledore, and I'll likely recruit more for the task, but what we really need is people who know the layout of the castle, even just what's left of it, personally. That was much of why I sought you out to begin with, but it would be even more helpful if we had more of your lord's old followers. Reinhardt mentioned that there were a few others still around and free, but you were the only one he knew the whereabouts of."

"I'm surprised ze old man would admit to not knowing something," Vinda scowled, "but zen, I was surprised to see 'im come 'ere in person as well."

Reinhardt had left almost immediately, having helped as much as he was willing to.

"Do you know where to find more of your old cohorts?" Voldemort asked.

"Oui," Vinda nodded. "Zis plan of yours 'as some merit, I must admit. I will reach out to a few old contacts. Provided no one 'as died since I last checked, zere are nine of us in total."

"That will do," Voldemort said with a grin before any of his followers could speak.

Nine of Grindelwald's old followers might not be much, but combined with those he intended to recruit from further afield, he was confident that it would be enough for what he had in mind.

*****

"Shit!" Harry hissed, rubbing his forehead as he sat up in his bed in the Gryffindor tower, having just been forced to flee from Voldemort's mind.

Trying to look inside his prophesied nemesis' mind was something that he'd been tempted to do since he first realized that he could, but he'd held off until he'd learned all that he could from the horcrux of occlumency and legilimency. The soul shard had still been confident that he would be caught, but as Rias' European connections failed to spot any of their enemies, he'd decided that it was worth a shot anyway, and though he hadn't seen more than a few seconds through the lunatics eyes, he hadn't come away with nothing.

"What the hell is he doing in Argentina?" he wondered.

Whatever the explanation, and he'd be sure to ask Dumbledore just on the off chance that he knew something and was willing to share, it at least explained why they hadn't found any Death Eaters in Europe. He'd gained something even more important, though. Looking through Voldemort's eyes as he peered down at his snake, Nagini, he could say definitively from how the reptile felt that she was a horcrux. The one in his scar was correct, and Voldemort had turned a living being into a vessel for part of his soul.

"We won't be bringing that one to Sirzechs," he thought to himself, scowling.

Capturing horcruxes had been annoying enough when they couldn't physically fight back, and the thought of having to restrain the large snake for transport was less than appealing. He also didn't know if there was any kind of conscious bond between Nagini and Voldemort as there was between the two of them, and the last thing he needed was for the snake to somehow tip off her master about the fact that she'd been captured. She would have to die, and he just had to hope that Sirzechs managed to figure out how to extract a soul shard from a horcrux without breaking it using the remaining two in his possession.

Voldemort knew what he had done, and that was unfortunate, but it was a risk he'd taken knowingly, and he'd gotten something out of it. He wouldn't be trying again, as doing so while his old enemy was on guard would be stupid, but there was always a chance that Voldemort would try to retaliate, which would be fun to deal with. Neither one of them could overpower the other at this point, but he alone likely knew that.

Getting out of bed, he showered and headed downstairs, nearly bumping into Hermione as she entered the common room from the girl's staircase.

"Mione?" he asked, furrowing his brow in confusion when he saw just how distracted the bushy-haired brunette looked.

"Hmm?" Hermione asked, looking confused for a moment. "Oh, Harry. Sorry, I didn't see you there."

"So I noticed," Harry chuckled. "Did you sleep alright?"

"Excuse me," Lavender said politely, and Hermione rushed out of her way, ending up in Harry's arms as he wrapped them around her instinctively the moment her body pressed against his. "You're seriously dating her, Luna Lovegood, and the Beauxbatons champion?"

"It's more like the four of us dating each other," Hermione replied, knowing that enough was out already for there to be no point in hiding any of it, other than the fact that they were all seeing two devils as well.

"Oh, well, if it makes you happy," Lavender shrugged. "If you see Parv, let her know I went to the Great Hall. I'm bloody famished."

"Will do, Lavender," Hermione replied.

"She was understanding," Harry murmured, taking her hand and leading her towards the fireplace.

"That's because she's thrilled to have confirmation on this piece of gossip," Hermione replied. "The whole school will know by ten this morning, guaranteed, though with Luna having already let it slip, that was assured either way. Word of warning: we are going to get join offers."

"Fuck, you're right," Harry sighed. "Remind me to tell Luna no preemptively."

Hermione snorted at that and said, "Worried you couldn't handle more?"

"We saw full well how much bringing someone new in can complicate things last night," Harry whispered in her ear, and Hermione sighed.

"Try to see things from her perspective, Harry," the brunette said quietly. "She cares about you a lot and was worried. Speaking as someone else who cares and worries about you, I can sympathize. I'm sure she realizes what she did was wrong."

"Oh, that I'm very sure of," Harry snorted. "I'm just pissed at her for not trusting our judgment if she couldn't trust...them. Are you okay? You left early last night and seemed spaced out just now."

"I just had a lot on my mind," Hermione replied, not at all ready to talk about what she'd discovered after leaving them to punish Fleur. "Do you want to get something to eat?"

"That sounds great just now," Harry replied.

"Did either of you see Lavender?" Parvati asked.

"She's in the great hall," Harry replied. "You want to come with?"

"Love to," Parvati grinned. "So is it true that you're dating Hermione and two other girls?"

Harry tried not to visibly wince.

*****

"Another few animal mutilations," Sona muttered, shaking her head. "Our newest interloper is proving quite elusive."

"They haven't escalated yet," Rias remarked, tapping her nails on her desk. "That's both a relief and a frustration. People like this usually make their first real mistakes when the thrill of what they're doing starts to wane and they seek a greater one."

"Is it possible that it's someone from Kuoh itself?" Sona asked. "Your focus has been on finding a stray of one variety or another passing through, and maybe that's a mistake."

"There's palpable magical power in whoever is doing this," Rias replied, shaking her head. "If anyone in town had that kind of power, I think that one of us or a member of our peerages would have noticed them by now."

"Well, if you need help, I'm available," Sona offered.

"The last ritual site was a little sloppier than the others, and the perpetrator left a trail of blood droplets," Rias explained. "I have Koneko and Akeno following it now to see if they find further clues."

"Were there footprints?" Sona asked curiously.

"No, which tells us almost as much as the prints themselves would have," Rias replied.

"Your prey can fly," Sona nodded. "Probably not a local then."

"Not unless someone here has been hiding what they are the entire time we've been here," Rias replied. "I already checked out the handful of newcomers who arrived within a few months of the first incident and found no reason to suspect any of them."

"Hmm, well, my offer stands," Sona murmured. "See you later."

"Later, Sona," Rias smiled.

The Sitri heiress turned and left, opening the door to the Occult Research Center's clubroom just as Akeno went to.

"Oh, hello, Sona," Akeno said warmly.

"Akeno," Sona nodded. "I was just leaving."

"Of course," Akeno replied, letting her pass.

"Anything?" Rias asked.

"No," Akeno replied, shaking her head. "The lunatic flew off and either vanished the blood after about mile, or it ran out. Either way, there was nothing nearby to suggest where they went after that."

"Damn," Rias hissed.

"Rias, I figured you were a little tired when we left Hogwarts, so I didn't bother asking about it, but...you were unusually gentle with Fleur," Akeno said. "I was wondering why."

"Messing with the ritual like that was stupid, and the results…" she trailed off as the faintest hint of a reddish collar, appeared around her neck and took a deep breath. As it disappeared, she continued, saying, "They're going to take some getting used to. Don't think I didn't notice you laughing."

"In the moment, I realized that it was an oversight on our part and found the prank aspect of it funny," Akeno admitted, wincing.

"To answer your question, I was gentle because I realized that I could use this," Rias replied. "Harry, Luna, and Hermione care about her, and I enjoy her company well enough, despite how plainly she's distrusted us. What I saw in her eyes last night suggested that I did significant damage to that distrust, and that was why I was so lenient. I'm fascinated by the Veela and wonder if having one under my sway might enable me to reach out to more of them."

"You want to improve ties between them and devils?" Akeno asked.

"It won't be easy if Fleur's an example of how they're taught to react to us, but I think it could be beneficial if I could pull it off," Rias replied. "They might not be succubi, but their power is impressive. At minimum, I've given myself an opportunity to spend months training Fleur and seeing if it might be possible to make her a loyal member of my peerage. If her loyalty can be secured, then from there, I'll have an in with their community and can see where that takes me."

"She does seem powerful," Akeno commented. "Restraining her as I did wasn't easy. Devilry would only enhance her abilities too."

"The devils of old rejected the Veela because they weren't succubi, because they weren't an answer to our fertility problem," Rias mused. "I thought that was short-sighted and stupid when I first learned of it as a girl, and I still do."

"One thing you might be overlooking is how touchy the Phenexes find the subject of them," Akeno reminded her. "They're already less than thrilled with you as it is, and anything that could be construed as a further insult could cause your family problems."

"Fucking Riser," Rias muttered under her breath. "It'll be something to worry about later if I even manage to gain Fleur's complete trust. I wouldn't even think of turning her without it, given everything."

"Of course," Akeno nodded. "I'm going to go check on Koneko. I had Kiba accompany her while she tried to sniff out our elusive lunatic because I figured you'd want a report as quickly as possible."

"If she thinks she's lost the trail, then call them back," Rias ordered, and Akeno nodded before disappearing in a magic circle.

Rias walked over to the chess set she kept in the corner of the room and picked up one of the intricately carved pawns, rolling it between her fingers as she pondered a number of different things.

*****

"It's impossible," Hermione thought to herself for probably the thousandth time over the last couple days. She had never been happier in her life for a weekend than she had been for that one.

She's spent most of the previous day in a daze, and that day wasn't any better. If she'd had classes, she honestly feared that she'd have had trouble paying attention. How could anyone pay attention to even something as incredible as magic when they had stumbled across something the very existence of which shouldn't have been possible at all? She'd hidden away in her dorm room most of the weekend, avoiding both the uncomfortable looks she got from the other students over her relationship news and her lovers, who she knew she wouldn't be able to focus on for long. Even speaking with Harry the other morning had only managed to distract her for a few minutes before she found herself staring off into space again, pondering how what she'd found in the Room of Requirement could be possible.

The room was a wondrous thing, able to create things with startling ease, but it still followed the rules of magic. It could not create food for them, for instance, and it shouldn't have been able to create books that had no way of existing, especially with the parameters that had been given to it. She's spoken to Ravenclaw's portrait, seeking answers, but only managed to confuse the ancient witch even more than she was confused.

"...from fiction?" she'd asked. "What the devil do you mean?"

She knew they were all going to look at her like she'd gone insane, and she was beginning to wonder about that herself, but she couldn't keep herself from talking to someone about this any longer, and so she made her way up to the Room of Requirement, finding Luna sitting outside the bedroom, reading a book.

"Hey Hermione, did you know that Professor Dumbledore and Grindelwald were lovers?" Luna asked, and Hermione choked on her own spit.

"What?!" the brunette coughed.

"Are you okay?" Luna asked, concerned. When Hermione just nodded and gestured for her to explain, she added, "I found one of Dumbledore's old journals from before the war in the latest pile. It had notes on all kinds of nifty spells that he and Grindelwald worked on together, including a really cool, dark one Harry's going to like that separates friends from foes and then burns the foes, because burning the friends would be mean."

"Could you get back to the thing you nearly made me choke to death on?" Hermione glared.

"Oh yeah, and they used to have sex all the time," Luna continued, giving her the book. As Hermione read through the passage she'd left it open to, her eyes growing wider and wider as she did, the blonde added, "I wonder if not having a gag reflex is a key part of being a dark lord. I'll have to get Harry to ask the one in his head."

"Oh God!" Hermione exclaimed, slamming it shut. She really didn't need that image.

"It does make the whole war a little sadder, though," Luna pouted. "Imagine having to fight someone you used to love."

Hermione shook her head and wished that her mind wasn't so completely consumed by what she came to talk to her friends about that she could give actual thought to what she'd just learned. She imagined that her headmaster had put significant effort into hiding his past with the man who his legendary duel with built his considerable reputation.

"Are Harry and Fleur around?" she asked, putting the book on the table and shaking her head.

"They're in the bedroom," Luna replied. "They're just talking, so I came out here to give them privacy."

"There's something I need to talk to you three about, preferably Akeno and Rias too," Hermione said, walking towards the bedroom.

"Is it as interesting as what I learned?" Luna asked.

"Somehow even weirder," Hermione muttered, quietly opening the door.

"...really didn't like being put in the position of having to take sides between you either," Harry scowled.

Between how tired he looked and how puffy Fleur's eyes were, Hermione knew at a glance that they had been having this conversation for a while.

"I know," Fleur muttered sadly. "I zou...to ze extent I zought at all, I just imagined that it would be a simple change zat could set my mind at ease. I didn't imagine it going as poorly as it nearly did. Ze idea zat I nearly ruined something done for your protection…"

"Did it work at least?" Harry sighed. "Do you finally realize that they're good and not out to eat my soul or something?"

"I do," Fleur nodded. "I promise I will never do anything like zis again."

"Alright," Harry nodded, kissing her softly, and when he pulled back, Fleur had tears streaming down her cheeks.

Wiping them away, he kissed her forehead softly and she smiled, wrapping her arms around him just as he noticed that the door was open crack.

"Hermione?" he asked.

"Hey," Hermione sighed, opening the door. "Is now not a good time?"

"No, please come in," Fleur replied, wiping her eyes. "Is something wrong? You seem...tense."

"Do you know if Rias and Akeno are specifically busy right now?" Hermione asked.

"Not as far as I know," Harry replied. "Rias, do you and Akeno have a minute?"

"Yes, actually," Rias replied. "Feel free to summon us."

"Rias Gremory and Akeno Himejima," he called out, holding out a pair of summoning papers, and Fleur tensed up.

"It's okay," Luna murmured, taking her hand. "They'll get over it after they tease you into a state of hyper-aroused madness a few more times."

Fleur certainly hoped so.

"Harry, is something wrong?" Rias asked as she arrived.

"Hermione wanted to talk to all of us," Harry replied, turning to the brunette, who took a deep breath.

"To be honest, I don't know where to begin," Hermione sighed.

"I usually find the beginning to be the best spot," Luna chimed in, making her smile despite herself.

"I guess that would be best," Hermione chuckled. "The day after...the day after my parents were murdered, I needed something, anything, to distract me. I ended up finding what I was looking for with Harry, but before that I tried helping Dobby copy books. While doing that, I came across one that I took to be a collection of letters from my favorite author."

"Is that what I found you crying over?" Harry asked, recalling the awful day.

"It was," Hermione nodded, reaching into her book bag and pulling out the one she'd found. "Rias, can you read this?"

"Of course I...what language is this?" Rias asked.

"I'll get to that," Hermione replied. "You can read it, though."

"Yes," Rias replied. "As I've said, Devils can read anything, provided it's written in a real language. This says, 'The Last Days of Gondolin."

"Holy shit," Hermione breathed, her heart and mind both racing at the implications of that. Reaching for the one she'd found the other day, she handed it to Rias and asked, "And this one?"

Flipping through it, Rias said, "It appears to be a journal of some kind. There's a little inscription on the first page...'property of Feanor.'"

"These can't exist," Hermione breathed, leaning back against the nearest wall.

"Why not?" Harry asked. "What are these books?"

"The language they're written in is Tengwar," Hermione replied. "It was invented in the world of Arda, in the land of Aman, by the elf King Feanor and was in reality invented by the English author J.R.R. Tolkien."

"What?" Akeno asked blankly, a sentiment shared by the others.

"These books don't exist," Hermione explained. "Tolkien was a phenomenal writer with a terrific imagination, and the world he invented was rich, but he didn't write these books. The library has given us things that should not exist."

"Could they be fan works?" Rias asked. "It's not uncommon for fans of various manga to create fiction in the same style, featuring their favorite characters."

"There are thousands of them, Rias," Hermione sighed, shaking her head. "As popular as Tolkien's works remain, if that kind of project had been undertaken, word of it would have spread. Beyond that, though, there isn't a single word in any of them written in Roman characters. No signatures, no addendums in languages commonly spoken here. There is nothing I've found that suggests that these books are of a terrestrial origin."

"So what? The Room gave us books from another world?" Akeno asked incredulously.

"A world that doesn't exist," Hermione hissed. "It's fiction; beautiful fiction, but fiction. I haven't been this confused since before Professor McGonagall told me that the strange things that happened to me were magic."

"Thousands of them?" Rias asked, flipping through the first book she'd given her. "This is remarkably detailed."

"It's a dense, handwritten book with a couple instances that look like errors were made and corrected," Hermione said. "I don't read Elvish, so I didn't know what it was about, but it looks just like some of the old handwritten English manuscripts here in that regard. I know that for the final iteration of the library, we didn't specify that it give us all books ever written on Earth because we wanted things written in Heaven and the Underworld as well, and if this looked like it was written on another planet by a species we don't know anything about, then that would be one thing. Chances are there is life somewhere else out there, and maybe some of it is intelligent enough to be able to write things down. Arda isn't real, though, and I don't get how the Room, for all its awesome power, could create books never written, from a world of fiction."

"The author would have conceived of the world he created having written works," Akeno threw out there. "Maybe, as bizarre as it sounds, the room is so powerful that it has created not just books written but books conceived of too."

"That's not what we asked for, though," Rias pointed out. "We were specific about the written part. I made sure that that included typed and printed works as well, just in case the Room was oddly anal for some reason."

"I have nothing," Harry said, looking down at one of the elven books. "If this wasn't written, it wouldn't be in the Room. It's in the Room; therefore it was written, though how the hell it could have been, I have no idea."

"Or where," Hermione muttered.

"Maybe it was written on this...you called it Arda?" Luna asked.

"It's not a real place, Luna," Hermione insisted.

"Maybe it is," Luna shrugged.

"No, it was invented by a muggle man born in England," Hermione sighed. "He was born in the eighteen-eighties, around the same time as Dumbledore, if memory serves, and died in the seventies. His work is the product of his own imagination."

"What if it isn't, though?" Luna asked. "What if it's a real place and he just had visions of it somehow?"

"He was a muggle," Hermione pointed out.

"Maybe that doesn't matter," Luna smiled. "Maybe there are other worlds in other places all over, and some kind of cosmic transference gives knowledge of it to specific people in other worlds. The gods are real; are the muses real too?"

"Yes," Rias replied automatically as Hermione just stared at the blonde, completely stunned.

"Zat would mean zat possibly every story ever told, zat didn't actually 'appen on Earth, could, 'ave actually 'appened somewhere else," Fleur pointed out, speaking for the first time since the devils arrived.

"That's not...I mean…" Hermione spluttered. Looking to Rias, she asked, "Could that be true?"

"It seems highly unlikely that every fictional tale was real, as I'd like to think that humanity has some degree of imagination, but it's not impossible that some stories did come from other worlds," Rias replied, struggling to think over the blonde's odd theory. "There exists between Earth, Heaven, and the Underworld a realm we call the Dimensional Gap. Ruled over by an enormous red dragon, the one mentioned in the Bible, it is vast and incredibly dangerous. If there are other worlds beyond the three I mentioned, I've never heard of them."

"Actually, those books might not be the first ones we've found that weren't written here," Luna piped up. "Do you remember the book I found the first day that we looked through the library, the journal of that Dran Draggore guy?"

"Vaguely," Harry replied.

"I asked a few of the professors and Madam Pince if they had ever heard of him or this temple called Darkmoon, and they just stared at me like I was mad," Luna continued. "I'm used to people looking at me like that, so I didn't think anything of it, but maybe he wasn't actually from around here."

"That book was written in English, so it's from another world that raises even more questions," Akeno pointed out.

"Ze ritual!" Fleur exclaimed, immediately leaning back when Rias and Akeno both glared at her. "I just mean, you did say zat ze language it was in was similar to Lucifer's language but distinct. Maybe ze ritual itself was from another world too."

"That...would both explain more and cause even more confusion," Rias muttered, looking down as she considered the possibility.

The ritual definitely seemed to be of devilish origin, but it was also too useful to have been forgotten entirely. The Incubus Succubus project had been lost for millennia, but it was still remembered because it was so important to them. It was possible that it was lost before more than a handful of people knew of it, and they all died in the process, but what if there was another world of devils out there somewhere?

Hermione slumped down and was happy when a chair appeared below her. The idea was fanciful in the extreme and seemed impossible, but then again, the magical world she lived in seemed impossible to her before she learned of it. Her first thought was to wonder if it could be possible to visit other worlds, but if even Rias thought the gap was dangerous, that was likely a bad idea.

"Regardless of the truth of this, if we're dealing with books beyond what's been written in the three worlds, then this is an even bigger job than I realized, and it's time to bring in help," Rias announced. When she got a couple questioning looks, she explained, "I was holding off on telling my parent just what we'd found here because I wanted to shock them with the whole completed collection, but if we have no idea just how many books could be here, then I need to tell them and get my family's servants to help."

"Why were you holding off?" Harry asked.

"It's not like I'm a disappointment or anything, but when your brother is Sirzechs Lucifer, it's hard to ever really feel impressive," Rias admitted, smiling slightly when Akeno wrapped an arm around her. "This library is something that every single devil in the underworld would kill for, and it will be a tremendous boon to my family. I just wanted to make a show of presenting it. That was a mistake, though, and I'm going to pop over to Gremory Castle now if there's nothing else to go over."

"I happen to think you're beyond impressive," Harry whispered in her ear, earning a wide smile from the redhead.

She kissed him softly and pulled back, turning to Akeno and saying, "Are you coming?"

"No, I think I'm going to stay here," Akeno purred, wrapping her arms around Harry's neck.

"Oh, goody," Luna smiled, undressing herself with a wave of her wand. Seeing Fleur turn to leave, she asked, "Aren't you staying?"

"Non," Fleur replied. "I am still tired from last night. 'Ave fun, zough."

The truth was that she was probably going to feel awkward around Rias and Akeno for a little while, but she was also still sore and deeply satisfied. Being teased within an inch of her sanity and then fucked into oblivion like she'd been a couple nights ago sated her in a way that she didn't think possible. It was her second time experiencing it, and though it was abject torture in the moment, she could not deny that it was amazing too. She said her goodbyes and left as Luna pulled Hermione up out of her chair.

"You're overthinking," the short blonde said.

"I know I am," Hermione chuckled. "It's just...after spending years here, I thought that I'd stopped finding impossible things."

"The world is full of impossible things, Hermione," Luna murmured. "That's the best part of it."

Hermione smiled at that, and Luna pulled her down for a kiss, which she returned happily. On the bed, she could hear Akeno moaning already and looked to see that Harry had undressed her and was kneading her large breasts, going back and forth between her pebbled nipples and teasing the nubs with his lips, tongue, and teeth.

"I could worship these forever," Harry groaned, making her giggle.

"I wouldn't object," Akeno sighed, holding his head tenderly. "You're so good at that."

"He's good at all of it," Hermione purred as she joined them on the bed, fully nude as Luna had just finished undressing her. "It's no wonder none of us can get enough."

"I haven't seen much of you this weekend," Harry said, looking to Hermione. "Was that because of the strange books? Because I thought it was people finding out about...us."

"No, that I'll just deal with," Hermione shrugged. "It isn't like they weren't going to eventually, and most seem to have suspected that you were dating one of us."

"Sorry, I just thought it was obvious and Ronald was being dense," Luna murmured.

"Like I say, Luna, people would have caught one eventually," Hermione sighed, "though if you want to make it up to me."

"Can I do so by licking your vagina?" Luna asked enthusiastically. "It's really tasty and you make the cutest noises when you cum."

Hermione stared at her nonplussed for a moment as Akeno giggled. "I wouldn't say no."

Luna beamed at her and pushed her down next to the buxom devil, kissing her deeply. Harry continued to lavish Akeno's breasts with attention, but when Luna started kissing her way down along Hermione's soft, flat belly, he smirked and followed suit. The blonde seemed to realize what he had in mind and slowed down, pressing her lips again and again against Hermione's soft skin as she moved in time with him.

"Ahh!" Hermione gasped as Luna nuzzled her taut clit with her nose.

"Do you want to have a cunnlingoff?" Luna asked, making Hermione laugh.

"What?" Harry asked, amused.

"A pussy eating race," Akeno explained with a grin.

"It will only be fair if you don't use parseltongue," Luna added.

"Yes, we wouldn't want you cheating now," Hermione laughed, spreading her legs wider.

"Fine, you're on," Harry replied. "What are the stakes?"

"Winner goes down on the loser in the morning?" Luna suggested.

"Wouldn't that be the other way around?" Harry asked, sounding amused.

"Why would it be?" Luna asked, genuinely perplexed, and Harry just snorted.

"I guess you're right," he grinned.

He buried his head between Akeno's plush thighs, and the raven-haired devil sighed in pleasure. Luna's fingers pressed into Hermione's hips, holding her in place as she started lapping at her heated sex. The brunette mewled, snaking her fingers into Luna's blonde locks and pressing her face against her pussy. Bringing those she loved pleasure was one of the younger girl's favorite things, and she had gotten a lot of practice eating pussy over the last few months, something that showed clearly as she quickly began to drive Hermione insane.

"Ahh, fuck!" Hermione cried as Luna pushed a finger inside her and curled it upward, finding her g-spot with practiced ease.

Her tongue danced across her swollen clit with rapid, featherlight swipes as that finger was quickly joined by one more and then another. Harry opted for something different, knowing that Akeno appreciated teasing above almost everything. His tongue glided through her folds, pressing against her sensitive flesh with just enough pressure to stimulate her. She whimpered and sighed, grazing her nails against his scalp as he went. Where Luna focused on Hermione's clit almost exclusively, fingering her as she did, he touched Akeno's only ever for a short flick of his tongue at a time. Each time he returned to it, the sensation was even stronger than the last, and when he finally decided to move in for the kill, she couldn't help but scream.

"Yes!" Akeno shrieked as he wrapped his lips around her taut, throbbing pearl and sucked. "Right there!"

"Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop!" Hermione chanted, her whole body shaking as she soared towards her peak.

Luna's silver eyes were locked onto hers, and as her thighs tightened around the blonde's head, they shone with mirth and pride. Hermione's hands left her head, and she grabbed the sheets on either side of her, digging her fingers in as if she feared she'd float away otherwise. Akeno's hand met hers a moment later, and she looked into the lust-darkened purple eyes of her other lover, seeing the same pleasure and lust that she knew was clear as day in her own.

"Fuck, Harry, I'm getting...ugh...close!" Akeno cried as the coil of burning hot pressure in her core grew maddening.

"Mmm, so am I!" Hermione moaned. "You're so good, Luna, so bloody good."

The blonde smiled at that as she knew she would and started sucking gently on her clit while pumping her fingers in and out of her rapidly. Between the constant gentle pressure on her clit and the rapid thrumming of her fingers against her sensitive g-spot, Hermione's brain was swimming in pleasure. It built steadily, consuming her mind entirely, and she swore that she was going to bloody worship Luna for this later.

"Oh fuck, don't stop!" Akeno cried, right at the edge of orgasm. "Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, don't…"

"FUCK!" Hermione squealed as she came hard, her back arching off the bed as she saw stars.

"Hmm, I guess Luna won," Harry shrugged, grinning evilly down at Akeno, who squawked indignantly.

"You...you did that on purpose," Akeno babbled, not nearly as angry as she sounded.

"Not at all," Harry replied with a grin. Flipping her onto her belly, he pulled her up by her hips and, fisting his cock, leaned in and whispered, "I can't truly complain, though."

While she was looking, he grabbed his wand and silently cast a spell that he knew would drive her mad before pushing inside her quivering pussy in one thrust.

Akeno's eyes went wide as saucers, and she shrieked, "YES!"

"Sit on...my face," Hermione panted, grinning from ear to ear as she came down from her high.

"Okay," Luna smiled, kissing her softly before crawling into position.

"Harder, harder!" Akeno screamed.

Harry grinned and picked up his pace, pounding her so hard that her arse rippled and jiggled with each rough impact of his hips. Reaching out, he grabbed her ponytail and tugged as he brought his hand down on her arse hard. The sound of the slap echoed through the room, though it was drowned out completely by Akeno's scream.

"FUCK!" she squealed, her vision going spotty as she hovered right at the edge of ecstasy. "You're such a perfect stud."

"You taught me well," Harry grinned, spanking her other cheek. "I know what you like. I know what drives you wild. I know exactly what makes a dirty little pain slut like you scream."

He punctuated each sentence with a hard spank, and Akeno thought she was going to lose her mind. Her screams grew deafening, but she barely heard them, her senses going numb as pleasure beyond pleasure built within her. She hadn't noticed him cast anything but realized that she had to be under the effect of an orgasm denial charm, and she clawed at the bed.

"Please make me cum!" she begged.

"It would...oh wow, I love your tongue, Hermione... be nice of you," Luna murmured as she ground her dripping wet pussy on the brunette's mouth.

"Akeno doesn't like me nice, though, do you?" Harry asked.

"N...no," Akeno whimpered.

"Beg me more," Harry commanded as he fucked her even harder, and she shivered.

"Please make me cum, Harry," Akeno whimpered pitifully.

"Is that what you call me?" Harry asked, pulling her up by her hair and reaching around to cup one of her breasts. Pinching the nipple, he whispered in her ear, "Is that a submissive little slut like you would really call someone you wanted to make you cum?"

"Holy shit, Harry," Akeno shuddered, breaking character for just a moment. "Please make me cum, Master!"

He let her go, grinning as she fell forward onto the bed and reached under her. He needed his wand to cast the orgasm suppression charm still, but he could dispel it wandlessly.

Pressing his fingers against her clit, he undid the charm and growled, "Cum for me, you whore!"

"HARRY!" Akeno squealed as she came hard.

"Shit," Harry grunted as he felt her spasm around him.

A gush of fluid squirted from her quivering cunt soaking his balls and the bed under them as she writhed in ecstasy. He continued to fuck her through her orgasm, prolonging her pleasure as he did, and when she fell flat on her belly, he went with her. Burying his face in the crook of her neck, he licked the salty sweat from the slender column and nibbled on her ear.

"Love...you," Akeno panted, still shaking, though she visibly tensed a moment later when she realized what she'd said.

"I love you too," Harry smiled, turning her head and kissing her softly.

It was completely incongruous with how roughly he'd just fucked her, and he laughed at that, as did she a second later. Pulling out of her, he rolled her over and brushed a few loose hairs out of her face.

"That was...oh right there...so sweet," Luna beamed, still perched atop Hermione's face.

"I hope you realize you're stuck with me now," Akeno quipped, smiling up at him, though he saw a hint of concern in her eyes for some reason.

"I certainly hope so," Harry replied, making her laugh giddily.

"You know, I think we've neglected these two so far," Akeno smirked, looking over at Hermione and Luna. "Would you like Harry to split you in half with his big, thick cock, Hermione?"

"As if either of you need to ask," Hermione replied, pushing Luna up just enough to let her speak before pulling her back down onto her face.

"Fuck her, stud," Akeno grinned, wrapping her arms around his neck and kissing him. "She's been completely consumed by what she discovered in this room for a couple days. All that tension isn't good for you, and this is one hell of a tension breaker."

She wrapped her hand around his cock as she spoke, and he hissed.

"Does that mean this qualifies as health care?" Harry asked with a grin.

"We could suggest it to Madam Pomfrey," Luna suggested. "There are quite a few girls in this school who act so very unpleasantly. Maybe your penis could make them nicer."

"I'd rather leave it to you five alone," Harry replied, unsure of whether or not he should laugh, since she seemed serious.

"Okay," Luna shrugged. "Oh fuck, just like that!"

Harry crawled between Hermione's legs and spread them further, grinning as she shivered at his touch. Lining himself up with her dripping wet pussy, he pushed forward, slowly burying himself inside her. He heard her muffled cry even over Luna's moans and smiled.

"More, more, more!" Luna cried, beginning to shake as she soared towards her peak.

"I think you could use a little help," Akeno murmured, leaning in and wrapping her lips around one of Luna's pebbled nipples.

"Oh yes!" Luna sighed, hugging her to her chest.

Harry pulled her in for a kiss, though the moment he did, she let out a wordless cry of pleasure. He and Akeno held her steady as she came, watching her writhe and shudder in delight. Harry picked up his pace, fucking Hermione harder and faster, and the brunette bucked her hips up in time with his thrusts, meeting them eagerly.

"Harder!" she cried as Luna slipped off her face and fell into the embrace of Akeno, who flew her aside.

"Gladly," Harry practically growled, leaning in and kissing her, groaning at the taste of Luna's pussy on her lips.

Through the corner of his eye, he saw Akeno cuddling the panting blonde, and he smiled, happy with the knowledge that no matter what life threw at him or how little it often made sense, he could lean on these incredible women he loved with all his heart and who loved him in turn. He'd had so little love through his life that he couldn't help but take all that he could. That would likely be a trait that devilry would amplify, he realized, but he could almost hear Luna in his head say that there was no such thing as too much love. As Hermione wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling him in closer to her, he wasn't about to argue with that sentiment.

*****

"Alright, the runes are carved behind this hinge as Borgin said," Draco muttered to himself.

As the man had thought, they were slightly damaged, having been scratched when the cabinet was dropped, by the look of it. Luckily, there were ways to redo them, but it took a few steps, the first of which was drawing the magic infused into the damaged runes out first. With his wand in his hand, Draco carefully siphoned the magic out of the carved wood and into himself, letting it flow harmlessly away.

He kept his breathing steady and his mind utterly focused, knowing that he could harm himself in ways that would be nearly impossible to explain to Pomfrey if he messed it up. One by one, the tiny, intricately carved runes were rendered powerless, and once it was done, he took a moment to steady himself and repeated the incantation he'd spoken a dozen times by now.

"Harmonia Nectere Passus," he hissed, watching with satisfaction as the scratches on the wood filled in.

The carved runes did too, but there was no getting around that, and drawing his enchanted athame, he set about carving them back in. He had to move slowly in this task, carefully, because if he messed it up at all, he would have to start over, but his restless nights were getting to him, and in a moment of rushing, his hand slipped, and he drew the point of the blade across his left hand between his index finger and thumb.

"Damn it!" Draco exclaimed, dropping the knife and grabbing his bleeding hand as quickly as he could, both out of reflex to soothe the sudden pain and to prevent his blood from getting on the cabinet.

He grabbed his wand and marched out of his room towards the nearest restroom, nearly running into Theodore Nott in the process.

"Watch where you're going," he hissed, wincing in pain as he stumbled into the room.

"What the hell did you do?" Nott asked, noticing his bleeding hand.

"I was practicing carving runes," Draco replied through gritted teeth, slamming the door behind him.

He rushed over to the nearest sink and ran warm water over the gaping wound, growling at the pain of it. He still had his wand in his hand and cast a quick healing charm, watching the deep cut seal up in seconds. As he washed it, he happened to catch his reflection in the mirror and was startled by it. He was paler than normal and had growing bags under his eyes. He didn't need to wonder where they came from, as it felt like it had been weeks since he last slept properly.

Letting out a shuddering breath, he closed his eyes and tried to relax himself with soothing thoughts. Alas, the only thing that he found soothing at all these days was the very thing that filled his dreams and made it so hard to sleep: revenge fantasies. Just seeing Potter and his sluts in the hallways was still enough to make his blood boil, and if anything, it was getting worse.

"By Merlin, I wish I could kill him myself," he thought as he dried his hands.

The Dark Lord had made his word on the matter clear, though, and Draco had heard enough from his parents to know that disobeying him never ended well. He had promised him Potter's head, though, and that promise was all that was keeping him from lashing out every time he saw the scarred freak, his little lunatic, his mudblood, or his Veela whore. He'd heard the rumors that Potter was bedding all three of them and nearly attacked the person who told him.

"Calm down," he mumbled under his breath, trying to slow his racing, enraged heart. "He'll get his in the end. He'll get his."

Draco would make sure of it or die trying.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Mar 19, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:ZealJD, Brawlingbard, Markuz Black and 278 others
voivode_writer
Mar 18, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 25 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Apr 1, 2025
Add bookmark
#599
"You know, for the life of me, I will never understand why they felt the need to cancel Quidditch this year," Harry commented as he and Fleur looked down at the hedge maze from atop his Firebolt.

She was seated in front of him, her plush arse pressed against his groin, as she enjoyed the feeling of his strong arms around her.

"You 'ave a point," she agreed. "Zere were zree tasks spaced out over ze course of ze year and zis is ze first which 'as even used your Quidditch pitch. Zey could 'ave 'ad ze usual game schedule and maybe even allowed ze winner to face off against ze winner of a match between us and Durmstrang."

"So Durmstrang," he thought to himself. "In truth, I didn't mind the extra free time that not having to make practice gave me, but still, they really didn't need to cancel it outright."

"Ze maze looks almost peaceful just now," Fleur murmured, settling against him.

"That won't last," Harry chuckled, recalling what Bagman had told them about a month ago.

*****

"So, I guess you all must be wondering why I called you here, to the Hogwarts Quidditch pitch," Bagman remarked in his usual jovial tone.

"It couldn't possibly be regarding the third task," Harry said drolly.

"That's precisely what it's about!" Bagman exclaimed, and Harry and Fleur shared a look at his obliviousness.

"If task is Quidditch relate, that seems...unfair," Krum muttered.

"Oh, there will be no brooms involved at all, Mr. Krum," Bagman chuckled. "In fact, what we'll be doing instead is going to seem like sacrilege to anyone who spent years playing the sport above these very grounds, but rest assured that all will be restored to normal in time for the next school year."

"What exactly will we be doing?" Cedric asked.

"In a month's time, this pitch will be barely recognizable as we're going to grow a hedge maze on it," Bagman replied. "All four of you will enter it from the same point, spaced out in order according to the current standings between you. The maze will be filled with all manner of dangerous challenges for you to overcome as you work to reach its center, where you'll find the Triwizard Cup. The first champion to touch it will be declared the winner of the tournament."

"So the points weren't the final factor in who won then," Harry couldn't help but point out.

"Well, to put it in terms we'll both understand well, Mr. Potter, this is a very close game, and the cup is, essentially, the snitch," Bagman replied.

"Will we be given any 'ints as to what exactly we can expect to face in zere?" Fleur asked.

"The only one I'll give is that we've been working extensively with Hagrid on this one," Bagman grinned, and all four of them winced at that, knowing exactly what it meant.

*****

"Is zere any chance zat 'Agrid might 'ave recommended less dangerous creatures?" Fleur asked.

"Skeeter might be a lying bitch generally, but she wasn't wrong about his heritage," Harry replied. "Hagrid's physically tougher than any of us, and, fond as I am of him, I have to admit that that toughness gives him a rather skewed view of what is and isn't dangerous. Keep in mind that we had a bloody cerberus in the school during my first year."

"Joy," Fleur muttered. Leaning her head back on his shoulder, she smiled when he leaned in and kissed her neck, saying, "I am going to miss all zis."

"You mean that you're actually going to miss Britain?" Harry asked with forced surprise, and Fleur giggled.

"It wasn't as bad as I imagined," she purred, pressing herself more firmly against him, "or at ze very least, it was not without its perks."

"Fleur...we haven't spoken yet about next year," Harry murmured, and Fleur sighed.

"Land by ze lake," she requested, and he did so without hesitation.

It was early morning, and though the early June morning was nice and warm, with the sun actually shining down on them, few were out and about just yet.

"This was our spot for a while," Harry smiled, and she returned the look.

"'Arry...when I came 'ere, I never for a moment imagined zat I might find something like zis," Fleur began. "My only goals were to become my school's champion, prove to everyone zat I was as capable as any 'uman witch by winning it, and avoid letting ze greasy, fatty food ruin my figure."

Harry snorted at that, and Fleur stepped forward, cupping his cheek.

"Zis was not my plan, and yet what I 'ave found with you and with ze others 'as come to mean more to me zan ze silly tournament ever could 'ave," she continued. "I don't want this to end."

"Neither do I," Harry whispered, taking her hand from his cheek and kissing it. "My plans regarding the future haven't changed, though. Once I can, I am going to take Rias up on her offer. Is that something that you'll be able to accept, something that your family will be able to accept?"

Fleur swallowed thickly at that. Harry was going to become a devil; he had been very adamant about that, and he wouldn't be the only one. All five of the people she'd been seeing over the past few months were going to be devils before long, and while that didn't bother her nearly as much as it once would have, she knew that her family would not be so accepting. Her father would be bad enough if he learned the truth, having the typical prejudices against their kind that most wizards did, but his reaction would pale to that of her mother.

"I could not stay away if I wanted to, zough," she thought to herself, gazing into his warm green eyes and feeling her own grow misty. "I might not 'ave said it yet, but I love 'im and come what may, I cannot let zis end."

Harry had proven himself to be everything she'd ever wanted in a man in the months she'd known him: brave, strong, assertive and capable. He was more powerful than anyone that young had any right to be and excited her as no one else ever had. The fact that he was an absolute demon in bed didn't hurt either.

Rias had triggered the punishments from the master-servant contract a few times since that night, and each one had ended in an exhausting night of pleasure for her and one far more wonderfully terrible for Fleur afterward. Being driven to the point of lustful madness until she transformed into a harpy incapable of thinking about anything other than being fucked and having her all-consuming needs satisfied was torture on a level she couldn't put into words, and yet it was so very worth it. Every time Harry worked her into that state, he then fucked her like a whore until she came so hard she squirted everywhere, and the pleasure of those frenetic couplings was absolutely cosmic.

Each time it happened and she woke up in his arms, being gently caressed and held tenderly as she shook like a leaf, she became a little more convinced that he was the one for her. No one else could possibly make her feel like that, and the fact that he came with a small harem of beautiful women who were also more than happy to let her enjoy them only added to his appeal.

"My family won't take it well when they learn just who I've been going to bed with, but I will 'andle zat when it comes," Fleur replied, knowing full well that she wouldn't be able to keep it from them forever. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she kissed him softly and added, "Zere is nothing in ze world zat could make me give you up."

"I don't want to cause you trouble," Harry sighed, and Fleur giggled.

"I would zink zat by now you'd 'ave figured out zat I rather like trouble," she grinned, and Harry did as well before pulling her in for a much deeper, more passionate kiss.

Harry returned it eagerly and wrapped his arms around her, pressing her luscious body to him. He knew that out of all of his relationships, the one with Fleur was likely to be the most challenging, and he'd been reluctantly willing to give her an out because of that, but if she was willing to face those challenges, than he'd stand by her side as she did. He'd come to adore the haughty French blonde and was overjoyed that she seemed to feel the same way. As their tongues dueled for dominance in their mouths, he put all his concerns about the future out of his mind and let himself enjoy her intoxicating touch.

*****

"Mr. Malfoy, it has come to my attention that your grades have been slipping for months now," Snape said softly as he regarded the blonde boy sitting across from him.

The Malfoy heir had looked increasingly tired since he returned from his family manor after learning of his father's murder, something that was beginning to worry his head of house. He understood the pain of loss well and what it could do to you and had been quite lenient up to this point, but the other professors had started to comment, and he knew that he needed to, at least, meet with him.

"I know," Malfoy scowled, wishing more than anything that he could get back to the cabinet.

He kept his eyes firmly trained on Snape's lips, avoiding his eyes entirely. His lord had made it clear that he would determine the extent of the man's loyalty after the school year was finished, having avoided reaching out to him at this point because of Dumbledore. His orders were to remain polite to him but keep his distance just in case he had turned traitor.

"I understand that you're in pain and have stayed my tongue up to now, but with the year nearly ended, we need to discuss this," Snape continued. "Next year is your O.W.L. year and you can ill-afford to…"

"Next year will be fine," Malfoy cut him off, nearly looking up into his eyes for a moment before he caught himself. "I'm sorry, sir, but...I just wasn't getting much sleep for a while."

"Have you spoken to Madam Pomfrey?" Snape asked.

"No, but...the past couple nights have been better," Malfoy replied. "Like you said, the year's nearly over, and Mother has spoken about spending the summer abroad. By the time we return next year, I'm sure I'll be better."

"Because Potter will be dead by then," he thought to himself, fighting to keep both the rage and the glee off his face.

He knew that his grades had slipped quite a bit and that his end-of-year exams likely hadn't gone well this year, but he didn't care. For one thing, he was a Malfoy and would get what he wanted in life by virtue of his name and blood, but beyond that, only your O.W.Ls and N.E.W.T.s really mattered. By this time next year, Potter would have paid for what he'd done, and Malfoy would be able to take his more important exams secure in the knowledge that his lord was going to set their world right. Nothing mattered until that was done, certainly not minor exams.

"Hmm, well, I suppose we'll revisit things at the end of September," Snape murmured. "I knew your father well, and respected him a great deal. If you need to talk, I am available."

"Thank you, sir," Draco replied, trying and partially succeeding in keeping the anger off of his face. "Is there anything else, or may I go?"

"You can go," Snape replied. "My offer stands, Mr. Malfoy."

Malfoy just nodded and practically bolted out of his chair, eager to get back to his room. If he'd been paying more attention, he might have noticed the slight shimmer to his right as he left the room. Snape, after casting a silent reveal spell, noted the almost invisible figure skulking outside his office and wasted no time practically flying across the room to confront them.

"Put that down," Karkaroff hissed, revealing himself and glaring at Snape, who kept his wand trained on him. "We need to talk."

"I cannot imagine that we have much of anything to discuss, Igor," Snape drawled, noting, not for the first time, how thin the man's accent had become in the years since the war. "The final task is tomorrow, and you'll be gone by the end of the day."

"That is what I need to discuss," Karkaroff hissed. "We can do this here or in there."

"Fine," Snape muttered, rolling his eyes and stepping aside to let the erratic-looking man in.

Karkaroff had barely been seen in public since he realized that Voldemort had returned. Dumbledore had kept news of that fact rather quiet so far, having only told Amelia Bones recently, as it appeared all but certain that Fudge's ministry would fall shortly. With their enemy content to hold back and build his forces, the headmaster had decided to quietly do the same, forming the Order of the Phoenix anew and working behind the scenes to ensure that the aurors would be a stronger force in time. While this meant that the public at large didn't know what danger had returned to Britain, those like Igor and him who were foolish enough to let themselves be marked by the man couldn't help but know the truth.

The moment he closed the door, Karkaroff turned around and hissed, "Dumbledore refuses to accept my help!"

Snape glowered at the man before him, realizing for the first time just how disheveled he looked. His beard had been trimmed haphazardly recently, and his hair looked tangled, though the most obvious sign was the tiredness in his terrified blue eyes.

"Probably because you're about as trustworthy as a leprechaun in debt," Snape drawled.

"I could help him against the dark lord," Karkaroff insisted. "I know…"

"Everything you know you spilled to the ministry to keep out of Azkaban," Snape spat, "and since then you have spent your time climbing the ranks and taking over an educational institute whose reputation for tolerating the dark arts has only increased during your time there. Can you really not understand why Albus might be a little...reluctant to trust you?"

"I paid the price for my crimes by putting this target on my back," Karkaroff hissed. "What price did you pay for your freedom?"

"More than you can imagine," Snape growled, his grip on his wand tightening. "Unless you held something back that might be of actual use to us, don't expect to be protected now. The dark lord's focus will remain on Britain for as long as Albus and the Potter boy live. Run far enough, and you might just live."

"There is no such thing as far enough when it comes to him!" Karkaroff exclaimed. He took a deep breath to try and calm himself and glared at Snape, saying, "You do realize that that boy is likely already in his thrall, right? Lucius' son."

"Igor…" Snape went to say warningly.

"You know the signs as well as I do," Karkaroff laughed coldly. "His eyes radiate palpable malice everywhere he looks."

"His father was murdered," Snape pointed out. "He's grieving."

"Murdered by whom?" Karkaroff asked, grinning. "It certainly wasn't Crouch like those fools in your biggest newspaper think."

"The dark mark was cast above the house his body was found in," Snape replied. "He was holding his head."

"Lucius did not turn in other Death Eaters as I did," Karkaroff spat, "and his gold was vital to the Dark Lord's war effort. This wasn't sanctioned by him, and I can't think of a single one of our old brethren who would dare do something like this without his explicit instruction."

That, Snape didn't have an answer for. Both he and Dumbledore were stumped and hoped that the aurors would turn up something to make it make sense. He had no idea what Voldemort suspected either, as he hadn't yet met with his former master.

"What are you saying?" Snape asked.

"Funny that he died just the day after those friends of Potter's lost their parents at the hands of the Dark Lord's forces," Karkaroff continued. "In fact, Potter viciously assaulted the boy the morning of that very day, if I recall correctly."

"Are you actually suggesting that Harry Potter beheaded Lucius Malfoy, positioned his body like the Dark Lord used to, and cast the dark mark above him, having slipped in and out of Hogwarts to do it?" Snape asked incredulously.

"No, that would be absurd," Karkaroff replied, "but would the Malfoy boy believe it if the Dark Lord told him that was what happened? We both know how...persuasive he can be, how seductive his promises of power and blood can sound to a young, impressionable man."

Snape kept his face neutral, but he had to admit that the other former Death Eater's suggestion wasn't entirely insane, though as he thought about it, he realized one problem with the theory.

"No," he muttered, shaking his head. "Mr. Malfoy is young and...can be reckless. He doesn't have the emotional maturity to hear a theory like that and not draw his wand. If he even suspected Potter, they'd have come to blows by now."

"And Draco would have lost," he couldn't help but admit silently.

"Hmm, perhaps you're right," Karkaroff agreed suspiciously quickly. "Is there any chance that you'll try to help me convince Dumbledore to provide me protection?"

"No," Snape replied. "The only true protection he could provide you would be here, and there is no way in hell that the public would accept him hiring an admitted murderer who only avoided prison time by turning in other Death Eaters as a professor here. You're on your own, I'm afraid."

Karkaroff just scowled and stormed out of the room, managing to avoid showing the hint of a smile that threatened to form on his face. Severus Snape was very good at schooling his features while he spoke, but even he couldn't help the hint of doubt that showed in his black eyes when he mentioned his theory about Lucius' brat. He knew the boy was up to something, and he knew his old master well enough to know what he might have done to get his help.

"If I can find out what he's up to, I might actually have something substantial to bargain with," he thought to himself as he recast his disillusionment charm. He was, first and foremost, a survivor and knew well the value of leverage. He just needed to get some.

*****

"Hey, Hermione, thanks again for your help studying," Luna beamed as she spotted her friend. "I'm pretty sure I got an easy O on my Transfig...are you okay?"

"Hmm?" Hermione asked, shaking her head. "Oh, hi, Luna. How did your charms exam go?"

"Transfiguration, and I just said it went great," Luna replied, furrowing her brow in concern. "Is something wrong?"

She felt like she had a piece of molten lead in her pocket; that was what was wrong. She'd worked up the nerve to ask Harry to let her borrow the stone a week ago, and that was as far as she'd gotten in using it. Every time she picked it up and tried to use it to speak to her parents, she chickened out. She'd never felt less like a Gryffindor.

"Luna, are you free at the moment?" Hermione asked.

"Yes, I only have my astronomy exam left, and it's not until tonight," Luna replied. "Shall we go to the Room?"

"Yes, please," Hermione replied, and Luna took her hand before heading towards the staircase.

The pair of them got a few odd looks as they went, but not many. Everyone seemed to be aware by then of the fact that Hermione, Luna, and Fleur were all dating Harry, and while that had generated a great deal of interest at first, it had died down eventually. Hogwarts was largely used to Harry being the center of strange things by then, and while there was an initial burst of male and female envy alike, it had subsided by then.

As the two of them entered the Room of Requirement, they saw a flurry of activity from the Gremory family servants working overtime to complete the library project. Where once it had stretched for miles beyond sight, one could actually see the back walls of it now, in the distance, and it appeared like they might actually finish soon, miraculously. They ignored the servants, who paid them no mind, and entered the bedroom quickly, shutting the door behind them.

"I don't know how to do this," Hermione whispered the moment they were alone.

"You spin the stone three times…" Luna went to explain.

"No, I get how it works, but I just…" Hermione cut her off. "What do I even say to them? Sorry you were murdered because some psychopath wanted to kill my boyfriend?"

"Hermione, you know it's not your fault any more than it's Harry's," Luna sighed, hugging her tightly. "The Death Eaters are monsters. They wouldn't have needed an excuse to come after you eventually."

"That's just it; they'd have come after them because of me," Hermione muttered, feeling her eyes well up with tears.

Luna kissed her softly, and Hermione responded in kind, appreciating the gesture and the simple pleasure of the younger girl's touch.

"I'll stay if you want," the blonde offered. "I can hold your hand while you summon them. You don't need to be afraid.

"Thank you," Hermione sighed, steeling herself as she pulled the dark stone out of her pocket. "It's so small."

"Size only matters when it comes to penises," Luna replied, and despite herself, Hermione laughed.

Wiping her eyes, she looked down at the stone, eyeing the symbol on it. It was a simple thing, pleasantly so, and she traced a finger over it.

"The Elder Wand, the Resurrection Stone, and the Cloak of Invisibility," Luna said softly. "The symbol represents the three of them together."

"Yes, I read the story," Hermione nodded. "An oddly powerful wand, a stone that can be used to commune with the dead, and what I assume is the first invisibility cloak."

"Quite possibly," Luna murmured. "At the very least, it remains the best of them. Most last around fifteen years before the magic in them starts to fade."

"Wait, Harry's cloak has been in his family for ages," Hermione said, her eyes widening. "His father used it when he was in school and he'd have started in seventy-one. If they don't usually last that long, could…"

"He have two of the Hallows in his possession?" Luna asked, her big silver eyes going wide as saucers.

"Holy shit," Hermione laughed, rushing to her feet. "We should tell…"

"Hold on," Luna interrupted her, wrapping her arms around her middle and pulling her back onto the bed. "Think of solving that particular mystery as a reward for having a conversation you've been putting off."

"Luna, I…" Hermione went to argue, only to go still.

"Not a bad deal, is it?" Luna giggled, burying her face in the other girl's bushy brown hair. "If I whipped up a hair-growth salve, would you be willing to grow out your pubic hair just for a night? I want to nuzzle a cute bush just like this while I feast on you."

"Fuck, Luna," Hermione sighed, leaning back against her as she felt heat bloom in her core.

"Maybe later," Luna smiled. "I won't push you any further if you really don't think you're ready, but I'll also happily stay with you however long it takes if you are."

"I should do it," Hermione sighed. Swallowing thickly, she tried to find the courage to take the first step, something made easier by her friend and lover's presence. Holding the stone on her outstretched palm, she turned it three times and said, "Charlotte and Daniel Granger."

"Hermione," Charlotte smiled as her shade materialized.

"Hello," Daniel beamed down at her as Hermione slapped a hand over her mouth.

Even knowing it was going to happen didn't mute the shock of actually seeing her parents in the flesh, so to speak, and she couldn't stop the flow of tears down her cheeks as it started. She had practiced this conversation a hundred times in her mind over the past several weeks and couldn't recall a single one of them the moment she laid eyes on them.

"Don't cry, baby," Charlotte whispered, sitting down next to her.

"I'm so sorry," Hermione wept, trying to touch her instinctively, only for her hand to go through.

As she started sobbing loudly, Daniel knelt by her feet and hovered a hand over hers, saying, "Don't do that either. None of this is your fault."

"They...because of...me," Hermione sobbed, and Luna wrapped her arms around her neck from behind, resting her cheek on the crown of her head.

"Hello," she said sadly. "Hermione needed a little moral support."

"Luna, right?" Daniel asked. "Thanks for being there for our little girl. You and your other friends have been more than we were."

"You can see us?" Hermione asked, her curiosity breaking through her misery for a moment.

"We look away when we need to," Charlotte assured her, and Hermione couldn't help but laugh.

"What must you think of me?" Hermione asked, looking down.

"We think you're happy, and that means the world to us," Daniel replied emphatically. "I know we weren't...let's be honest, we sucked at showing it, but we do love you, Hermione."

"I'll admit, I would have found your arrangement odd had we learned before," Charlotte added, "but facing one's mortality has a way of showing what truly matters. You've found dependable, loving people who adore you. What more could either of us want for our daughter?"

"We were robbed of so much time," Hermione wept.

"We were," Daniel nodded sadly, "but you still have so much left."

"We don't blame you or your friends for what happened to us and all that we would ask of you is that you live," Charlotte smiled. "Live as full and as happy a life as you can, Hermione."

"And tell that man of yours we said thanks for kicking their wretched arses," Daniel added.

"Daniel!" Charlotte exclaimed.

"We're dead, luv, I think we're safe to swear," Daniel chuckled, and Charlotte just sighed and shook her head fondly.

"I love you both so much," Hermione croaked, and they hovered in close, unable to touch her but wanting to comfort her all the same.

Luna just hugged her more tightly, knowing that no words were needed just then.

"Call on us again if you need us, but try to focus on the living," Charlotte whispered.

"Never forget that we love you, Hermione," Daniel smiled sadly as he stepped back, "and I'm sorry for not saying it more often."

"We both are," Charlotte added, taking his hand.

"Goodbye," Hermione whispered, not trusting her voice.

The two of them replied in unison, and then they were gone. Luna pulled Hermione back and held her as she cried, knowing perfectly well what she was going through. She also knew how much getting that little bit of closure had helped her and hoped that it would help her friend just as much.

*****

"The sewers?" Rias asked.

"I think so," Koneko replied. "I thought I smelled something odd as I walked through the streets a few times, but with one of the manhole covers removed for maintenance earlier, it was much stronger. I think our violent weirdo is hiding out in the sewers."

"It would explain why he or she has managed to disappear for days or even weeks on end without us finding any trace," Akeno pointed out.

"Okay," Rias nodded. "Kiba, I want you to go with Koneko. Head down into the sewers and see if you can find any trace of whatever it is we're hunting. Be discreet, though, and don't engage unless you're forced to. We don't have any idea what we're dealing with, and I never go in blind if I can help it."

"Recon only, got it," Kiba nodded.

The two of them left, and once they closed the door behind them, Akeno asked, "Are you going to Hogwarts later?"

"Soon," Rias replied. "It looks like the library project will be finished today or tomorrow, and I want to check on them one last time. I want you to stay here in case those two end up needing back-up."

"Do you think this thing might be that dangerous?" Akeno asked.

"I think it's managed to avoid us for months now, and I don't like what that implies about its capabilities," Rias replied. "I doubt it's anything that we would need outside help with, but I also want someone with more experience under her belt than those two around if things go sideways."

"Got it," Akeno nodded. "Um, Rias, there was something that I wanted to talk to you about."

"I still probably have a few minutes before Harry calls me over," Rias shrugged. "What's up?"

"Erm, it's about the Master Servant Contract," Akeno began.

"Yes?" Rias sighed, fighting the shiver ran through her whenever she thought about the contract between her Harry.

She had triggered the punishments four times since the night they created it, and every single one was humiliating and exhilarating in equal measure. Being driven mad with lust until she submitted to Harry's will and called him her master was the most mortifying thing she'd ever experienced in her life, but the pleasure that the whole process brought her was mind-melting. She was no stranger to experiencing whole body orgasms that robbed her of wits and occasionally consciousness at Harry's hands, but something about being driven to the earth-shattering heights over and over again while fighting instinctively against the need to submit to him made the whole thing hotter than anything she'd ever imagined.

He'd wrung fifteen orgasms in a row out of her last time before she gave in, something Luna was more than happy to tell her when she woke up afterward, a shaking, exhausted wreck, lying in a puddle of her own juices. She wasn't any more submissive now than she'd been before, and she still planned to reverse the ritual once Voldemort was dead, but at the same time, just thinking about the episodes was enough to make her wet.

"I've been thinking about it, and on the next full moon…" Akeno went to say.

"I know it's not ideal, but I haven't changed my mind about keeping it as it is for the time being," Rias cut her off.

"I want Harry to do it with me too," Akeno finished, and Rias' eyes widened, though only for a moment.

"I see," she chuckled. "I suppose I should have seen it coming."

"Watching what it does to you and helping punish Fleur afterward has...I mean, it's like it was tailor-made for me," Akeno sighed. "Just the thought of being forced to submit to that gorgeous hunk we call a boyfriend and resisting like a brat until he's made me cum over and over again; until I'm nothing but a mindless, drooling wreck too weak to do anything but call him master and beg him to fuck me into the ground is enough to totally ruin my panties. I am your queen, though, and I figured I should ask first."

"This wouldn't change that," Rias grinned, "and like I say, I should have seen this coming. It really is like it was made with you in mind. I imagine Luna will want to be his slave too."

"I'm surprised she hasn't straight-up asked yet," Akeno giggled.

"The next full moon is in a week, so we'll be able to do it then," Rias smiled.

"You're sure?" Akeno asked, and Rias smirked, flying over her desk and landed, next to Akeno's seated form.

Raising her head by her chin until she was looking right at her, Rias replied, saying, "Even if you're his slave, you'll still be my servant. Isn't that right?"

"Yesss," Akeno hissed as Rias slipped a hand between her legs, widening them immediately.

"Now, what was that about ruined panties?" Rias purred in her ear as she slid her hand slowly upwards and undid a couple buttons on her shirt. The heat emanating between Akeno's legs was immense, and even before she reached the sodden fabric of her panties, Rias knew they had to be soaked. Nibbling on her earlobe, she whispered, "You're such a bad girl."

"Oh, fuck!" Akeno whimpered as she felt her master's slim fingers brush against her sensitive, covered folds. When she slipped them inside, she couldn't hold in the loud, lewd cry.

"Oh, looks like Harry's calling," Rias said, grinning impishly as she pulled her hand out and flew back, leaving Akeno to stare up at her in disbelief.

"Rias!" Akeno exclaimed, shivering as she watched the crimson-haired beauty suck her fingers clean.

"By Lucifer, you taste good," Rias sighed softly, her face a picture of sin. "We'll have to finish this later. Bye."

As she disappeared inside her summoning circle, Akeno just blinked, continuing to stare in disbelief until finally she laughed. She was about to finish the job herself, having not been told not to, when a sudden, faint sound outside the door caught her attention. Casting a quick spell to listen in, she grinned when she heard what was outside.

"I'm telling you, man, they're totally doing it!" a hushed voice exclaimed.

"Why oh why couldn't there be a hole in one of the walls here?" another one asked.

"You...you don't think they ever do it with Koneko, do you?" a third voice asked, sounding like he might faint at the thought.

"Matsuta, Motohama, and Issei," she thought to herself with a wicked grin.

The three most openly perverted students at the academy, they were all a year younger than her and Rias and had developed a less than stellar reputation there. She found them more amusing than anything and decided to have a little fun. Flying over, she landed softly in front of the door and yanked it open quickly, causing all three of them to fall inside.

"Hello," she purred, biting her knuckle and grinning at the three of them. "Classes are long done, and I don't believe any of you three belong to a club that's still meeting. You're not being naughty now, are you?"

"N...no!" Issei exclaimed as all three of them scrambled to their feet. "We were just titties...er I…"

He stammered, staring at her chest, and Akeno recalled that Rias had undone a couple of her buttons. She was wearing a bra, and it wasn't like they were seeing anything they shouldn't, but she had far more cleavage on display than normal.

"Where's Rias?" Matsuta asked. "I know we heard…"

He trailed off as he realized his mistake, and Akeno let out a deep, throaty laugh that made all three of them shiver.

"She had to step out," Akeno replied with a grin. "It was quite rude of her, and it's left me so...lonely. You wouldn't happen to know anyone willing to...keep me company, do you?"

She stepped towards them as she spoke, enhancing her naturally seductive presence with a spell that she knew would be too much for the painfully inexperienced boys. Sure enough, they stammered like fools, and Matsuta and Motohama promptly passed out, bleeding from their noses.

"I...I...I…" Issei stuttered, unable to look away from her cleavage for a moment.

"Hmm, I figured I'd get all three of you with that," Akeno chuckled, cocking her head to the side. "I wonder if there's something more to you."

"I…" Issei went to say before he passed out as well, just as overwhelmed as his friends.

"Perhaps not," Akeno laughed.

They'd heard Rias and her in private, probably slipping close while they were distracted by her master's effort to tease her, and she would have wiped their memories and sent them on their way anyway, but she wasn't above having a little fun first. A few spells later, they were on their way, none the wiser to anything that they might have heard, and she was left alone to conjure a dildo and finish what Rias started.

*****

"I can't believe how quickly they've gotten all this done," Harry commented as he and Rias looked at the host of Gremory clan servants busy copying books.

Working together in squads, they were able to copy entire sections of the library onto fresh paper at once, handing the finished manuscripts over to other groups that bound them and teleported them away. Dobby and Kreacher had managed to get a very impressive chunk of the library copied working as they had been, but with the Gremory servants working as they were, they were able to get the job done much more quickly. The two elves could copy hundreds of books an hour while they were working, but the devil servants could get hundreds of thousands done an hour. It allowed them to whittle down the monumental task at a rate that Harry hadn't thought possible.

"I should have told my parents sooner," Rias sighed.

"Indeed you should have," an older voice said, and the two of them turned around to see an older, bearded man standing behind them.

"Heinrich!" Rias exclaimed happily, though her happiness quickly turned to confusion. "What are you...how did…"

"I am powerful enough to get through the wards undetected, though it was quite time-consuming," Heinrich replied. "Your father wanted a progress report and sent me personally to check on them. He is most excited about this find of your friend's."

"Harry, this is Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa," Rias smiled. "Heinrich, this is Harry, my boyfriend."

"A pleasure to meet you," Heinrich nodded.

"As it is to meet you," Harry replied. "You're her father's bishop, yes?"

"You're well-informed," Heinrich replied politely. "Lord Zeoticus will be quite pleased to know how close they are to finishing this. It took them less than two months."

Rias grimaced at that, recalling how her parents had reacted when she first told them what Hermione had discovered.

*****

"Rias, hello," Zeoticus said warmly as he spotted her. "What brings you by?"

"Is it as interesting as those odd letters you brought last time?" Venelana asked, appearing as though summoned.

"Do you have guests at the moment?" Rias asked.

"No," Zeoticus replied. "Is something wrong?"

"No, but I do need to speak to you two alone," Rias replied.

"Come," Venelana commanded, leading her towards the sitting room as Zeoticus walked at her side.

The second they were inside, she closed the doors with a wave of her hand and summoned a ball of crimson destruction into her palm. Rias felt her mother's power expand until it permeated the entire room and knew that she had created a destructive barrier around it, from which no soundwaves would escape. It was one of many applications of the Power of Destruction that Rias herself had yet to master. Her parents sat down on the sofa and both gestured towards the chair next to it, waiting for her to begin.

"The strange, almost Luciferian characters that I asked about before, the ones that we send to Lord Zekram, they came from a scroll, which is interesting in itself but not specifically the reason I'm here," Rias explained. "That scroll was found in a library in Hogwarts that…"

"There are potentially devilish scrolls in the library in that magician school?" Zeoticus asked, looking concerned.

"There's far more than that, and it's not actually in the formal school library," Rias replied. "That I have yet to see and have no reason at all to look at because of the room I found that scroll in. There exists a room hidden in that school that can be used to create all manner of things."

"A chamber of conjuration?" Venelana asked, her perfectly sculpted eyebrows shooting towards her hairline. "How impressive!"

"It's even more impressive than it sounds," Rias replied. "A friend of mine who attends there, one that I'm planning to take on as a pawn down the line, discovered that it could be used to create copies of books."

"With what limitations?" Venelana asked, instantly intrigued.

"It couldn't recreate the Book of Creation, but aside from that, none," Rias replied, and both of their jaws dropped.

"That…" Zeoticus sputtered. "Are you saying what I think you are?"

"Inside the omnilibrary, as we've taken to calling it, exists everything ever written," Rias replied, "from receipts to, presumably, the works of Lord Ajuka, Azazel, and the researchers of the heavens."

"Rias, if that's true," Venelana said, rising to her feet, "then you and your friends have stumbled across something truly invaluable."

"And dangerous," Zeoticus added. "How many people know about it so far?"

"Myself, Akeno, Harry, and three other witches that we're friends with," Rias replied. "There are also a pair of elves who have been helping me copy the books, for while the room can create anything, nothing that it makes can be taken beyond its borders."

"Wait, this is what you meant when you said you wanted to expand our library?" Zeoticus asked, looking annoyed. "Rias, this is so far beyond the scope of anything I imagined."

"I wanted to surprise you with the finished project and have been quietly acquiring paper, glue, and leather for it," Rias replied, wincing slightly as she realized how foolish she'd been not to go to them sooner.

"Something changed," Venelana surmised. "Did you finally realize that the project was just beyond a pair of elves, or was there something else?"

"It seems like the library contains books from all manner of worlds, including ones that we know nothing of," Rias replied, earning more shocked looks from them. "That scroll with the odd, almost Luciferian characters might very well be from one of those worlds. The omnilibrary is the sum of written knowledge throughout the universe, and if it's going to be copied any time soon, I am going to need help."

"You mentioned expanding the library some time ago," Zeoticus chided her.

"I should have come sooner," Rias admitted. "I just don't think I truly grasped the scale of the project at first. After learning that we were talking about more worlds than just Earth, Heaven, and our world, though..."

"The House of Gremory could easily end up the most powerful in the Underworld after this," Venelana grinned. "If this has half of what I imagine it could, it would be nearly as great a boon to us as your brother's power. You should have brought this to our attention sooner, but what's important is that we secure this resource quickly. This room is too powerful and dangerous to be left as it is. It must be sealed."

"I have no idea how we would," Rias admitted.

"Leave that with us, sweetheart," Zeoticus grinned. "I'll have our servants readied to be sent to Hogwarts and inform Sirzechs of the development. You've done well."

Rias couldn't help but blush lightly at the praise.

*****

"By the way, your elves want a word with you," Heinrich said. "They've created a third room in here for something that they were rather cagey about."

"Oh, I didn't even notice," Harry chuckled as he spotted a third door sitting next to the one leading to their training room.

The table on which finished books had been stacked before had been removed, being utterly inadequate to the greater speed at which they were being processed. With it gone, Harry hadn't even looked at the now empty bit of the entryway in weeks and hadn't noticed that Dobby and Kreacher had created a whole new room. The elves had been less than thrilled with their job being given to the Gremorys' servants, even if they were still able to help out, and he wondered what they'd gotten up to. Opening the door, he found what he could only describe as a giant pile of junk.

"What in the world is this?" Rias asked as she entered the room.

"Storage," Kreacher replied.

"Storage?" Harry asked.

"Elves use the Come and Go Room to store anything that gets lost," Dobby clarified.

"When Dobby approached them as you said to see what else they knew about the room, they asked why it had been locked for months," Kreacher explained. "Kreacher showed them the Chamber of Secrets, as you suggested be done if they asked, and they agreed to use it instead."

"They told you about all of this as well?" Harry asked.

"They did," Dobby replied. "Dobby wondered if Harry Potter, sir, might want some of it. If scary devil woman is locking the room, this will all be lost."

"All of these things are real," Rias murmured, smiling to herself, "not creations of the room. Some of the furniture looks nice."

"It might be worth sorting through later, and given that most of it looks like it's been lost for centuries, it's not like it will be missed," Harry mused. "Did anything here strike you two as interesting?"

"This," Kreacher replied, summoning an ornate-looking dagger to himself.

"This is goblin-made," Harry breathed as he took it. "It reminds me of the Sword of Gryffindor."

"Goblin made weapons absorb the power of anything they come in contact with and are nigh-indestructible," Rias grinned.

Harry nodded, having read more about them recently, and his eyes widened as an idea struck him. Reaching into his mokeskin pouch, he pulled out the small, heavily enchanted vial of basilisk venom he kept in it and carefully uncorked it. Placing the dagger down, he carefully poured a drop of the venom on it, watching as it was immediately absorbed.

"This is an incredibly dangerous weapon now," he said to himself, carefully picking it up to examine it. "The slightest cut could be fatal."

"What are you thinking?" Rias asked.

"We've been training Hermione and Luna, and they're making progress, but I would breathe easier knowing that they had something like this on them during the break," Harry replied. "Were there other daggers?"

"Dobby didn't see any," Dobby replied.

Harry tapped his fingers on the hilt at that, lost in thought.

"They'll be either in your godfather's home or the Underworld during the summer," Rias pointed out. "We will keep them safe."

"I don't like how quiet Voldemort's been since I killed Malfoy," Harry muttered, "or how hard it's been to track down many of his followers."

"They're laying low, but whatever they're plotting, we'll be ready for them," Rias whispered in his ear, wrapping her arms around him from behind and leaning her head on his shoulder. "Dobby, Kreacher, let Heinrich know about all of this, and he'll be able to bring it to my family's castle. We can sort through it then."

"You two did really well finding all of this," Harry complimented. "I wouldn't have even thought of it."

"We is honored to serve Harry Potter, sir," Dobby beamed as Kreacher just nodded respectfully.

"Your Lovegood and mu...ggleborn concubines are in the bedroom," the Black elf said and Harry snorted at how he'd worded it. He'd gotten Kreacher to stop saying mudblood, but that seemed to be as good as he was going to get.

"We should check on Luna and Hermione," Rias smiled, taking his hand, and Harry went with her.

The two of them made their way to the bedroom and were greeted by a sight they didn't expect.

"Oh fuck," Hermione shuddered, shaking in her bindings as her arms and legs were both roped to the headboard of the bed behind her head.

Harry felt his cock harden almost instantly at the sight of his oldest friend so fully exposed. Both she and Luna were fully naked, and the blonde was kneeling on the bed, cupping Hermione's plump arse with her hands and going to town on what he thought at first was her pussy.

"Oh, hello, you two," Luna said serenely, turning to look at them. "It turns out Hermione absolutely loves having her arsehole licked."

"Luna!" Hermione whined, her face going even redder than it had been, and both Harry and Rias snickered at her.

"Mmm, had I known about your kink, Mione, I'd have happily indulged you," Harry grinned, walking towards them.

Hermione just squeaked, turning crimson, and cried out when Luna started rimming her again. "Why does that feel so bloody good?!"

"You've cum from me buggering you before, so is it really so surprising?" Harry asked, sitting down next to her and ghosting a hand over one of her plush thighs. "Fuck me, you're so wet."

"You should eat her out, Harry," Luna smiled. "She had a really tough day, and I wanted to make her feel better, but after three orgasms, she begged me to give her a break, and I tried this instead. Are you ready for more, Hermione?"

"Please," Hermione whimpered, still sounding embarrassed.

Harry was about to ask about her tough day when he spotted the Resurrection Stone on a nearby table and understood at once.

"I hope it helped, luv," he said tenderly, kissing her forehead, and she just smiled at him.

"Torture is more Akeno's thing, Harry," Rias purred, sitting down on a nearby chair, having already undressed. "Give her what she so clearly wants. I can smell her sweet, ripe pussy from here."

"B...bloody degenerates, all of us," Hermione muttered, and Harry laughed before licking a straight trail up along her belly towards her throbbing clit.

As Luna started painting her puckered arsehole with the tip of her tongue again, Harry lapped up her overflowing arousal, making her scream in delight. The two of them worked in unison to drive the brunette mad with lust and pleasure, flooding her brain with it as she soared towards yet another peak. When she felt Harry suck on her clit, she nearly shrieked, and when he pressed his tongue against the throbbing nub, her whole body went taut, knowing exactly what he was going to do.

"Cum," he hissed and her whole world went white.

In the position she was bound in, Hermione looked like an actual geyser when she squirted, her fluids hitting Harry and Luna square in the face. She bucked and writhed in ecstasy, and Rias removed the ropes binding her so she wouldn't accidentally hurt herself as her orgasm thundered through her. The door behind them opened as Hermione was screaming at the top of her lungs, and Harry tensed before remembering that everyone else in the Room, had been forbidden to enter the bedroom. Rias looked at Fleur as she quickly closed the door behind her and smirked at the lust she saw in the Veela's eyes.

"My, my, what have we 'ere?" the blonde purred, grinning at the three of them as Hermione collapsed in a sweaty heap on the bed, gasping for breath.

"I discovered the joys of analingus," Luna replied. "It's actually rather fun and doesn't taste bad at all."

"How lovely," Fleur grinned, pulling the other blonde in for a deep, passionate kiss.

"So...good," Hermione panted, rolling onto her back and staring at the ceiling with unfocused eyes.

"And you're not even a devil yet," Rias grinned, licking the salty sweat from her belly before capturing one of her rosy, pebbled nipples gently with her teeth, making her gasp and shudder. "Every sensation will be enhanced when you become one of us. Even after all these months, we've still only just scratched the surface of the pleasures you can enjoy."

"Really?" Harry asked.

"A slight exaggeration, but otherwise yes," Rias replied through their mental link, grinning down at Hermione, who stared up at her in shock.

She let out a shuddering breath and closed her eyes, trying to imagine how anything could be more pleasurable than what she'd already experienced. It was difficult in moments like that to remember that there had ever been a time when she questioned whether or not she should join Harry in the debauchery he'd come to enjoy.

Removing Harry's clothes with a wave of her hand, Rias let her eyes rake over his gorgeous body, her pupils widening as she did so. He had changed so much in the several months that she'd known him, going from being an uncertain, self-doubting boy with a toned yet thin body to a confident, undeniably sexy man with mouth-watering muscles. She felt pride at having helped him as she had and bit her lower lip, imagining what it would be like if she had him tied up instead of Hermione. Just the thought of riding him slowly for hours and looking down into those gorgeous green eyes as they grew more and more desperate for her to make him cum was enough to make her…

"Oh no," she gasped as the collar of reddish-violet light appeared around her neck.

"Merde," Fleur swore, immediately going towards her as he saw her double over at the sudden wave of all-consuming lust that enveloped her.

"What happened?" Harry asked, rushing to Rias.

"Thought about tying you up...ugh…" she groaned, falling forward into his arms. "Fuck me, Harry. I need you so badly."

"I'll give you what you need, baby," Harry promised, brushing her hair with his fingers, "but only if you ask properly."

She hissed at that, and he helped her towards the bed. He had no idea at this point why Rias insisted on resisting so much still, knowing that submitting to him would end the punishment, but all he knew was that every time she triggered this, she refused to just submit until he'd exhausted her.

"Oo oo! I want to try something!" Luna exclaimed, grabbing her wand.

"What is it?" Fleur asked, watching Harry take Rias over his lap and palm her round arse.

"A spell I found in one of the books we're pretty sure isn't from around here," Luna replied, focusing. The spells she found in that book didn't come with incantations, which meant that she had to do them by feel, and that took far more concentration.

"What is it?" Hermione asked, sitting up.

"Just a sec," Luna replied, constructing the spell in her mind. "There."

"What did it ahh!" Fleur screamed as arousal beyond anything she expected hit her like a truck. She stumbled forward and fell into the bed next to Rias, who screamed as Harry brought his hand down on her arse.

"Fleur?" he asked.

"It's a sensation-linking spell," Luna smiled. "Now, Fleur won't have to wait for her punishment."

"What?" Harry asked, his eyes going wide as feathers started to form on the blonde's curvaceous form.

"Luna, what did you...ugh…" Fleur grunted, feeling like her entire body was on fire.

Her eyes locked onto Harry's cock, and she reached for it mindlessly, needing it more than anything, only for manacles to wrap around her limbs and pull her back. She shrieked in rage, struggling against her bindings, but it was for nothing, and as she realized that she would be denied, the harpy transformation finished.

"I figured that having to watch Rias suffer her punishment and then have her own meant that Fleur actually gets punished twice, which didn't seem that fair," Luna explained.

"She might not agree when she recovers," Hermione said.

"Then she can punish me!" Luna exclaimed happily, and the brunette just shook her head.

"Harry, damn it," Rias growled, "I need…"

"I know what you need, and you know what you need to do to get it," Harry replied. "You're getting ten counted spanks, Rias. How many that will end up being is up to you because I'm not counting any of them as 'one' until you say it."

This had been a suggestion Akeno made last time after he discovered that Rias could actually cum just from being spanked when she was in this state. He slapped her arse hard enough to make it jiggle, and both she and Fleur cried out. He looked up at the harpy in surprise as he realized that she had actually felt that and grimaced, but he knew that he'd have to both make Rias submit to him and punish Fleur to her liking afterward and figured that doing both at once might actually be better.

Again and again he rained spanks down on the crimson-haired beauty's pale arse, reddening her cheeks more and more with each one. She screamed and writhed, her overheated cunt clenching around nothing with each strike as she still refused to do as he'd commanded. Fleur struggled against her bindings, which grew so hot they began to glow as her struggles grew magically violent.

"Cawk!" the harpy screamed mindlessly, desperate to break free and impale herself on the gorgeous man in front of her. He smelled wild and powerful, his very aura tinged with sex in a way that was like hers and yet somehow stronger, and she needed him with a desperation so palpable it eclipsed the growing pain in her reddened asscheeks.

"Uh, Hermione, could you do something about that?" Harry asked, pointing to her chains and the brunette's eyes widened she realized what he meant.

She grabbed her wand and worked to cool the chains, combating Fleur's innate fire magic as she went. She knew that the Veela's own magic wouldn't hurt her, especially in the harpy state, but if she weakened the metal enough to break free, she could be an actual danger to them, mindless as she was. Fleur grew even more enraged as she felt the witch start to fight her and snarled at her impotently.

"Harry," Rias whined, and he grinned. Once she got past the growling and demanding phase, he knew that she was close to submitting, and if the sheer wetness trickling down onto his lap was any indication, that wasn't all she was close to.

"You know...what you need...to do," Harry grinned wickedly, spanking her each time he paused, switching from cheek to cheek. "You know what I want to hear from you."

He had to admit that, after the first time anyway, he'd come to really enjoy this. Months of dominating Akeno and Luna had made him realize that he actually really enjoyed that. Much like Rias, he wasn't one to submit, and once he made sure that she was willing to actually let him take her as he pleased when she triggered the contract's punishments, he began to revel in it a little. It hadn't changed how their sex life was otherwise, and Rias still much preferred joining him in dominating others to letting him dominate her, but he had begun to suspect that she enjoyed these episodes a little more than she let on.

He continued spanking her, making her plump, round cheeks glow red, and when she finally whimpered out a 'one,' he almost missed it.

"What was that?" he asked to make sure.

"One," Rias repeated, her whole body shaking with need.

"Good girl," Harry smiled.

"Ple...TWO!" Rias screamed, clawing at the bed as she felt like she was right on the edge of orgasm.

Harry looked up at Fleur as he continued Rias' punishment, watching the angry, unfathomably horny Veela continue to struggle. Hermione and Luna seemed to be holding her in check together, which he was glad for, and he hoped that Rias wouldn't extend her punishment much beyond her own. His first lover seemed to be a little less angry with the blonde than she had been, but their relationship was still tenser than he would have liked.

"Nine!" Rias screamed. "Oh, fuck, Harry, TEN."

"There, there, my good girl," Harry whispered soothingly, rubbing her sore cheeks before moving her off of his lap onto her back on the bed. "Now what do you call me?"

"MasTER!" Rias squealed as he slapped her pussy.

The spanking had kept her right on the edge of ecstasy, and the simultaneous rush of submitting to Harry and feeling the sharp, sudden pressure on her sensitive folds and clit made her vision go white as she came hard, squirting everywhere. She writhed and convulsed in pure ecstasy as it thundered through her entire body in soul-searing waves. The collar on her neck glowed brighter for a moment, turning a shade redder before disappearing entirely.

Fleur was in such an advanced harpy state that orgasms barely phased her, not breaking through the fog of lust in the slightest. All that there was in her entire mind was the aching emptiness in her boiling cunt and the large, hard cock she couldn't look away from. She rarely blinked; she was so focused, and when she saw the man shift his position, making his cock bob, she almost wept with want. There was a dewy drop of magic-rich fluid on the tip, and the sight of it made her salivate so much is leaked down along her neck.

"Fuck...her," Rias panted, stretching her arms over her head and looking up at Fleur sympathetically.

"You sure?" Harry asked as Fleur screeched at him.

"Yes," Rias replied. "Fucking hell, that was intense."

"It looked like fun," Luna smiled, settling down next to her. "Do you want me to rub cream on your poor red bum?"

"That sounds lovely," Rias replied, rolling onto her belly and resting her head on her hands as Harry stood up.

Fleur's eyes were entirely black as he looked into them, devoid of anything but the raw animal need that she was radiating. Her cunt was a furnace, so hot that he could feel her as he drew close, and he leaned in as he approached her, licking her from her dripping hole to her clit. She shrieked and struggled with renewed fury.

"Shh, I've got you," Harry soothed her, transfiguring her bindings until they were long enough for him to reposition her on her hands and knees. She rubbed herself against him, coating his thighs in her slick as she desperately tried to get him to fuck her.

"I can see why we've always gotten Akeno to do that," Hermione groaned, letting Fleur go the moment Harry nestled his cock between her dripping folds. "Holding her back is a lot of work."

"Yes, as much as I like the sentiment, I don't think linking us is FUCK!" Rias screamed as Harry buried every inch of his massive cock inside Fleur's pussy.

"Oh, do you want me to undo it?" Luna asked, reaching for her wand.

"Don't!" Rias cried.

"Oh, wow," Hermione breathed as her eyes were drawn between the redhead's legs, "you can actually see how wide he's stretching you."

"Hmm?" Luna asked, as she looked down. "Oh, so that's what a cervix looks like."

Harry grunted and held on for dear life as the overwhelming heat of Fleur's pussy threatened his self-control. He had pretty incredible stamina generally, but when Fleur was like this, practically in heat, there was something about her insides that he suspected was genuinely magical. Each of his lovers felt like they were milking him as he fucked them to one extent or another, but every time he moved inside Fleur at all when she was in this state, it felt like she was trying to will his seed out of his cock. He pounded her hard and fast, knowing she'd growl and snarl at him if he did anything else, and he reached under her, cupping her feather-covered breasts and kneading them.

"More, more, more!" Rias screamed, rolling onto her back and bucking against nothing as the phantom sensations of being fucked by him drove her wild.

Harry watched her shaking, writhing form as he pounded Fleur and let himself go with a roar, filling Fleur to the brim with his thick, white cum. The harpy let out a triumphant, avian shriek, flooding the bed under them as she came hard, and Rias's screams reached him a moment later. He continued to fuck Fleur through her orgasm, watching her feathers recede, and when she finally slumped forward, a sweaty, panting, exhausted wreck, he went with her, catching himself on his forearms.

"The next time Harry fucks Fleur, I'll need to suck on your clit at the time," Luna grinned. "Imagine how amazing that would feel."

"Another time...maybe," Rias panted, lifting a finger and destroying the spell linking her to the Veela, whose sniffles reached her ears.

"Hey, I've got you," Harry whispered, rolling Fleur onto her side and holding her tightly as she cried, having been completely overwhelmed by the intensity of that.

Rias flew over to the beautiful blonde, feeling like that would be easier than trying to crawl with her completely numb legs, and wrapped an arm around her.

"So do I," she murmured, and Fleur buried her face in the crook of her neck, shivering in their shared embrace.

Rias ran her fingers through the other girl's silver-gold hair, grinning in satisfaction. While the way she responded to the kind of soul-searing pleasure that triggering a punishment from the contract brought her left her with mixed feelings, she couldn't say the same of how Fleur responded to hers. The blonde had been genuinely contrite from the start, after finally coming to accept that Rias really did love Harry completely; each punishment she endured in response to Rias' left her in a state of total docility. Instances like this, where she held her physically and emotionally exhausted form tight, were great bonding moments.

"Sorry again," Fleur whimpered and Rias hushed her.

"Shh, just cuddle," the redhead whispered. "I'm as tired as you."

Fleur giggled at that and gasped as Harry pulled his still-hard cock from her gaping quim. Luna, who had been watching the entire exchange with a wide smile, immediately dove towards him, wrapping her lips around his slick cock and taking him deep.

"Fuck," Harry groaned, resting a hand on the blonde's head. As Hermione sat next to him, he wrapped an arm around her and asked, "Are we still a bunch of bloody degenerates?"

"Without question," Hermione replied, "but we're degenerates who love each other."

"That's the best kind," Luna commented, letting his cock slip from her lips just long enough to speak before taking him back inside her hot little mouth.

Harry chuckled at that and pulled Hermione in for a searing, hot kiss, moaning into her mouth as Luna deepthroated him. The third task was tomorrow, and no matter the outcome, the tournament would be over. It had been one hell of a year, and its fast-approaching end filled him with a sense of foreboding, as he knew there was a chance that Voldemort might decide to make his next move in line with the task. It would suit what a damn drama queen he could be. Whatever his enemy did, though, he swore that he'd be ready. The next time they met, he was going to put the evil bastard down for good. For now, though, he could enjoy the pleasures of the life he'd built for himself and worry about tomorrow when it came.

*****

"Just one more line," Draco muttered to himself, willing his hand to be still as he brought his carving knife down diagonally across the final rune he had to redraw.

His two years of rune studies had not properly prepared him for this, and he had needed to redo things a few times in various spots as he worked to repair the vanishing cabinet. It turned out that, whatever had been done to it, it had been damaged in multiple critical areas, but none of the damage appeared to be beyond repair. He had written back and forth with Borgin several times over the past weeks and had gotten his mother to send him an enchanted camera so that he could include pictures as well. The man was a fount of knowledge on matters like this and had helped immensely, as he'd been ordered to by their lord.

"Professor Snape speaks of my studies like they even matter," he scoffed as he carefully finished the final cut.

He knew that he'd let himself slip, but it didn't matter; nothing mattered other than fulfilling the Dark Lord's mission. With his wand in hand, he forced his magic to fill the carved runes, empowering them slowly, and gritted his teeth as he felt his exhaustion worsen. He hadn't lied to his head of house about how poorly he'd slept lately, but that wasn't the only reason why he was tired. Enchanting runes took effort, and a project of this size would normally have involved multiple enchanters working together. He had no one he could both trust and expect to be of any real help here, though, and so was forced to do it alone.

"There," Draco muttered as he finished.

He'd done everything that Borgin had told him to, and so it should have been finished. Opening the cabinet, he tossed an apple inside and held his breath. A moment later, it returned with a single word carved inside.

Come

"Yes!" Draco cheered, feeling his eyes fill with tears at the thought that he'd actually succeeded.

Blinking rapidly, he forcibly schooled his features and stepped inside, finding himself transported to his own manor.

"What?" he asked. "I thought the Dark Lord said the other cabinet would be brought to a safe house somewhere."

"Our lord is free to change his mind, Nephew," Bellatrix replied, and Draco went still.

Looking over, he saw that the past couple months had done his aunt good. She didn't look well, per se, but she looked recovered. The largest snake that Draco had ever seen slithered around her, and he froze as its slitted eyes focused on him.

"Bella," his mother said warningly, and Bellatrix just clicked her tongue.

"Relax, Cissy," Bellatrix giggled. "I wouldn't dream of hurting your little dragon, not after he did so well. You cut it close, Draco, very close, but you did as our lord demanded in time, and for that, he will be most pleased."

"I need to tell him," Draco insisted. "I would have written but…"

"You were told not to," Bellatrix scowled, "and besides, our lord already knows."

The snake hissed and rose up to look at him more plainly, making him tense again.

"What comes next?" Draco asked, forcing himself to look back at his aunt. "When do we strike at Potter?"

"What comes next is that you return to Hogwarts," Bellatrix replied. "I'll be coming with you for a moment."

"What?" Draco asked. "How could you…"

She cast a disillusionment charm on herself, and Draco went silent as his mother hugged him.

"Be safe," she whispered. "Whatever comes, you make sure that you're alright."

Draco just nodded and felt an invisible hand grab him by his arm and pull him towards the cabinet.

"I'll see you again soon," Draco said as Bellatrix continued to tug him forward, and soon enough, he was back in his room.

"What are…" Draco went to ask only for an unspoken silencing charm to rob him of his voice.

"Hominem Revelio," Bellatrix whispered, working to keep the spell as unnoticeable as possible.

When she felt the presence of something standing outside his door, she tensed and reached out with her magic, trying to get a better sense of who was out there. Their magic was familiar, and when she realized just who it was, it took every ounce of self-control she had to keep from cackling. She reached into her robes and pulled out a letter that she handed to Draco. The moment it left her hand, its distinctive red envelope came into view, and his eyes widened as he realized what she wanted of him. Opening the howler, he let it float up and begin delivering its message.

"Draco, well done. The information you've given me will prove most useful," Voldemort's voice hissed. "Keep your head down for the time being. Tomorrow I will be striking Nurmengard, seeking what I need to neutralize Dumbledore once and for all. Once that is done, I will descend upon Harry Potter, and you will have the vengeance I've promised you. Await further instructions."

The howler tore itself apart loudly then, and Draco stood, frozen in place as he contemplated the message in silence. Bellatrix revealed herself and held a finger to her lips, waiting for the person she'd detected to scurry off. Once he was out of earshot, she undid her silencing charm.

"What the hell?" Draco hissed. "Nurmengar…"

"It is not your place to question our lord or his plans," Bellatrix warned him. "Know that he will keep his promises and sooner than you might think, but that message needed to get to its intended target. We were fortunate that he was spying on you. I expected to need to search for him."

"Intended target?" Draco asked, bewildered. "What's going on?"

"Our lord will soon rule this island with an iron fist!" Bellatrix exclaimed, her voice alight with fervor and devotion. "But two obstacles stand in his way, and soon, he'll be able to tear apart both of them. That's all you need to know for now. Do as he commanded, await his next orders, and you will be well rewarded."

"I will," Draco promised, reassured that whatever else was going on, his lord would deal with Potter soon.

While Bellatrix left, Karkaroff rushed through the dungeons, practically giddy at what he'd heard.

"The Dark Lord is attacking Grindelwald's stronghold?" he thought to himself. "I don't know what he could hope to accomplish there, but I do know that this is exactly the kind of thing that Dumbledore would be willing to bargain over."

*****

"How in the world could this lunatic put up with this stench all the time?" Kiba asked as he and Koneko carefully explored the sewers under Kuoh.

"You think you have it bad? Try being down here with my sense of smell," Koneko replied flatly, and Kiba winced, having forgotten just what the white-haired girl next to him was.

"And you can still pick up the scent we're following over all of this?" he asked, genuinely impressed.

"I can, though I'm debating whether or not to say fortunately," Koneko replied, making him snort. She went still just then and held up a hand, hissing, "Shh!"

Kiba stilled immediately, his hand flying to his hip instinctively as he waited to see if he'd need to conjure a sword. Koneko signaled for him to turn the next corner and went with him as he did. He didn't see anything out of the ordinary, but his companion continued to sniff around the area intensely, coming to a section of one of the walls that, as Kiba drew closer, he realized that there was something wrong with. Conjuring a blade, he poked the wall with it, only for it to go right through.

Koneko signaled for him to back her up as she stepped through the illusion, and he followed closely, only to come to a halt immediately.

"Fuck," the nekomata grunted as she looked around the lair they'd stumbled across.

The thing they were hunting had carved out a lair in the sewer and cast a powerful illusion over the hole to hide what they'd done. The cave they found, a round, purely functional thing, was littered with the rotting corpses of small animals, each of them having been sacrificed in the same manner as the ones they'd found in the forest.

"I recognize these sigils," Kiba commented, looking at the symbols written in blood across the floor.

"I think we're dealing with a stray," Koneko nodded. "They've drawn the sigils for half the pillars down here. Come."

She grabbed him, and a ritual circle appeared around them as she prepared to teleport them out. A moment later, they were back inside the clubroom for the Occult Research Club, and when they heard the shower running, Kiba sat down, figuring that Akeno might be a while.

"Akeno!" Koneko called out, being less patient. "We found the prick."

"Really?" Akeno asked, turning off the faucets. A moment later, the freshly dried and dressed devil emerged from the bathroom.

"Yes, it turns out that whatever we're dealing with carved out a small cave in the sewers and hid it with magic," Kiba replied. "I don't know how we might have found them without Koneko's nose."

"He or she wasn't home, so we poked our heads inside and...trust me, it's them," Koneko replied. "We also really think we're dealing with a stray devil."

"Rias made some inquiries about any potential strays who would fit this profile and hasn't gotten anything back," Akeno explained. "That either means that we aren't dealing with a stray or that one of the clans turned someone they really shouldn't have and don't want to be connected to them."

"Either way, I imagine we're going to want to proceed with caution," Kiba said.

"We'll be waiting for Rias at any rate," Akeno replied. "She's going to be very happy with you two for this."

"This monster needs to be put down," Koneko said flatly.

"Yeah, we didn't exactly need to be ordered on this one," Kiba added, recalling what they'd seen down in the sewers.

Akeno just grinned and began to consider how they were going to handle this particular fight.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lopaka, ZealJD, Markuz Black and 289 others
voivode_writer
Apr 1, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 26 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Apr 15, 2025
Add bookmark
#609
Bolts of lightning and crimson spheres arced towards Harry, who redirected the former and dodged the latter with ease. Rias was forced to strafe to the side, narrowly avoiding Akeno's redirected lightning, and destroyed the summoned knives that followed it as Harry focused on the raven-haired beauty. She grinned at him, preparing to hurl more electrical power his way, only to squawk in outrage as her rings were transfigured into rubber gloves, neutralizing her for just long enough for him to close the distance.

"Glacia maxima," he thought to himself, not bothering to speak the incantation as he jammed his wand in her direction.

The icy blast hit the devil's wings, making her crash to the floor in a heap.

"I think that's enough for now," Rias panted, the sheen of sweat on her pale skin making it glow in the soft light of their training room. "We've been at this for hours."

"Really?" Harry asked. He honestly hadn't noticed.

"The third task starts in a couple hours," Hermione commented, dodging Luna's stinging hex and sending one of her own at the blonde, who swatted it away with ease. "You don't want to be too tired for it."

"There's no chance of that," Harry chuckled as he landed next to Akeno. Turning to her, he asked, "You okay?"

"Yeah," Akeno replied, undoing his transfigurations and standing up. "You can actually hold your own against us now."

"Well, don't sound too shocked now," Harry replied, and she grinned.

"I didn't mean it like that," Akeno replied. "I just mean that, compared to how you were when we first started training, it's like night and day."

"I've learned more this year than in any other year I've spent here," Harry grinned, "which is somewhat ironic, since I don't think I've ever paid less attention to my classes."

"Well, you did find out that you had an evil professor in your head, which helped," Luna said softly. "How go things with him, anyway?"

"He has nothing more to teach me," Harry replied proudly. "He'll still be a useful resource for as long as the dark wanker lives, but when next we meet, it will be as equals."

"I can believe that," Hermione smiled. "We were actually equals once."

"We will be again someday," Harry assured her. "I noticed that you two were doing well with your reflex drill. We still have time for a duel if you're willing. I'd like to see how you two fight."

"We have to get going," Rias piped up. "Kiba and Koneko will be waiting for us by now."

"You're moving on that lunatic?" Harry asked.

"Yep," Akeno grinned malevolently. "After today we won't have to worry about him again."

"Stay safe," Harry breathed, kissing both of them.

"We'll be fine," Rias assured him. "It's very likely a minor stray devil, and we've faced our share of those."

"Even still, be careful," Hermione said. "Overconfidence is never a good thing."

"Bye, you two," Luna beamed. "The next time we meet, Harry's going to fuck you in the ass, Rias."

"Huh?" Rias asked. "Oh, right, I had actually forgotten. I guess I don't need to ask if you're motivated to win today, huh stud?"

"I'm going to win," Harry grinned, and Rias returned the look.

"Remember what Hermione said about overconfidence, Harry," Akeno chuckled. "Bye."

They all said their goodbyes, and the two devils disappeared.

"Alright, I have a couple hours still and really just need to shower, so show me what you've learned," Harry said, taking a step back as Hermione and Luna resumed their dueling stances.

"Stupefy," Hermione cast, opening the duel, "incarcerous, expelliarmus."

"Diffindo," Luna cast, slicing the conjured ropes in half as she effortlessly blocked the other spells with a shield. "Rictusempra, silencio."

Hermione swatted away the tickling charm and blocked the silencing charm before conjuring birds and sending them at Luna, who engulfed the entire flock in flames before trying to stun Hermione. Harry watched the pair of them from the side, satisfied that they'd kept to his rule about hitting each other with non-dangerous spells only. When they dueled him or trained with Rias and Akeno, they were free to use what they liked, but he didn't want either one hurting themselves in ways that they couldn't explain to Madam Pomfrey. The duels were still useful, as they let him evaluate their strengths, and whenever they sent conjured things at each other, they were free to demonstrate their true destructive abilities on them.

"Luna remains lighter on her feet while completely lacking any killer instinct," he thought to himself as the blonde danced over the stunner Hermione had sent her way. "Hermione's keener to finish fights but slower, even if she has become more athletic in the past few months. She's also still prone to overthinking, and I have no idea how to train that out of her."

Suddenly, an oil slick appeared under Hermione, who didn't see it coming and promptly slipped. Her wand flew out of her hand a moment later, and Luna skipped over.

"What was that?" Harry asked, vanishing the oil and helping Hermione up.

"Yeah, did you just conjure that silently?" she asked.

"It's Grease," Luna replied. "It's a first-level conjuration spell."

"From one of the books we got from the room?" Hermione asked.

"Mmhmm," Luna nodded. "I've been reading through a bunch of them and they're full of all kinds of cool spells, but most of them are really dangerous and would violate Harry's danger rule."

"I imagine it was flammable?" Harry asked pointedly.

"Yes, but I wouldn't use fire spells around it until I had dispelled it," Luna assured him. "I need to break it down arithmantically because if I can figure out a way to have it conjure less and change the actual substance a bit, it would make an even easier lube charm than what we usually use."

Harry snorted at that and shook his head.

"During the summer, we'll be spending our time either at Grimmauld Place or in the Underworld, so we'll be safe to practice magic freely," Harry said. "I'll have more time then, hopefully, to help you two with this because while you have improved a lot, you still both have issues that we need to iron out."

"I still don't adapt that well," Hermione pointed out. "It's why I always lost at chess to Ron. I understand how the game works and what moves I can make theoretically, but throw something unexpected at me and, well…"

"Like I say, we'll work on it," Harry nodded.

"You have come a long way," Luna smiled, "like with our Imperius practice."

Hermione shot her a look at that, and Luna went still.

"I'm sorry, what?" Harry asked.

"I've been practicing the curse," Hermione sighed. "The more I read about it, the more I realized that it is actually a great test for willpower, both the victim's and the caster's. You've been busy, so I practiced with Luna."

"That doesn't quite explain why you didn't come to me," Harry commented, curious.

"You've pulled so far ahead of me," Hermione muttered. "You needed to, and I am happier than I could say that you're actually in a position where you can fight Voldemort when you need to, but I guess I wanted to try to learn this one thing without turning to you."

"You don't want my knowledge to become a crutch, huh?" Harry asked.

"I wouldn't put it like that…" Hermione replied.

"Show me," Harry said.

"Show...okay," Hermione shrugged. "Imperio."

"Not bad," Harry said immediately, and Hermione just sighed.

"I didn't even kind of get to you, huh?" she asked.

"No, but I wouldn't expect you to," Harry replied. "Voldemort has a pathological aversion to being controlled. It's why he never turned to the devils or the fallen angels for power, fearing that whoever he gained power from would seek to rule him for it. Having him in my head all these years imprinted that iron will onto me, which is why even Crouch, one of his most powerful followers, couldn't force his on me. How have you fared, Luna?"

"Being made to dance is far from unpleasant," Luna replied.

"So you've had success with it," Harry chuckled.

"I did feel weird practicing a spell that could land me in Azkaban, but I figured that I needed to know all that I could," Hermione sighed.

"Have you ever read about how the Unforgivables were declared what they were?" Harry asked.

"No," Hermione replied, "or at least, not much. I know it happened while Ulick Gamp was Minister."

"It was a pet project of his, something that he was quite passionate about," Harry explained, "and he expended most of his political capital on getting it done. He was out within a year of succeeding, but he did succeed. The argument for tying the three together was that they all have one thing in common: they can't be blocked, but a more moderate proposal nearly won the way. Can you guess what it was?"

"Just banning the killing curse?" Luna suggested.

"Correct," Harry replied.

"I guess that makes sense," Hermione shrugged. "All three are awful, but the killing curse is, obviously, the worst of them."

"That wasn't actually the reason," Harry smiled tightly. "Try casting it on the floor there. You know the incantation, and all it requires is a desire to kill what's in front of you."

"Avada Kedavra," Hermione cast, pointing her wand where Harry had said. "Nothing happened."

"No, it didn't," Harry replied. "You said the words, and you thought that you wanted to kill, but you don't know what killing is, you can't. Avada Kedavra!"

The sickening green beam of light burst from the tip of his holly wand and blew a hole in the floor that the room quickly patched up.

"They suggested banning it alone because to use it you had to already be a killer," Luna gasped as she realized what he was getting at.

"We are at war, and you two will very likely end up with blood on your hands by the end of it, but don't rush into learning things that you're not ready for," Harry implored them, "and don't hesitate to use my knowledge. It's the greatest asset we have, other than the library."

"You're right," Hermione sighed. "I was stupid, sorry."

"You're the furthest thing from stupid," Harry chuckled, kissing her forehead. "Now, I'm going to shower. I have a tournament to win."

"Did you and Fleur really have to spend the whole morning apart?" Luna asked.

"Madam Maxine insisted on making sure Fleur was as prepared as possible," Harry replied. "I'll see you two later."

"Bye, Harry," they said in unison before leaving.

Harry watched the go and pulled out of his pocket the thing that made him so certain that he was going to win the day: a golden snitch. He had little chance of failure, given the decades of magical and tactical experience that he had stolen from Voldemort, but all the experience in the world couldn't keep random things from getting in one's way, as his nemesis learned the hard way all those years ago when he first tried to kill him. Luckily, Voldemort knew a lot of magic, and among the countless things the lunatic had learned over the decades was a ritual that Harry had performed on the snitch a couple days ago.

"Alright, now the fun part," he said to himself, removing his glasses.

Taking a deep, calming breath, he pressed the ritually enhanced snitch against his left eye, and his breath hitched as the vision in it disappeared completely. His concern disappeared a moment later as he was faced with the odd sensation of staring at both the snitch and himself through it simultaneously.

"Odin gave an eye for knowledge, which was almost certainly the inspiration for this," he thought to himself as he let the snitch go and cast a disillusionment charm on it. "At least I'll get it back."

The snitch was charmed to follow his commands, so it settled down on the counter as he stripped down and walked into the shower. With it, he'd be able to survey the entire maze from the air, knowing at once where everyone and everything in it was, helped by the fact that, though his left eye was not great, the snitch only took his ability to see from him, instead of copying his actual level of vision, meaning that he'd see clearly through it. Being forced to see two simultaneous fields of vision at once would take some getting used to, but he found that he was already adjusting, due in part to the enchantments on the snitch.

He normally wouldn't have gone so overboard for it, not caring about the tournament on its own and having little fear of what he'd end up facing in the labyrinth, but there was something far greater than a thousand galleons and supposed eternal glory on the line in this task: Rias' ass, and for that he'd leave nothing to chance.

*****

"Alright, so, to go over the plan one more time," Rias began. "The moment that our target triggers the alarm, Koneko, you are blocking the eastern pathway, while Kiba, you'll block the western one. Akeno and I will approach from the two sides and corner whatever we're dealing with, and we'll all converge on their location once contact is made. Any questions? Good, then it's just a matter of wai…"

She trailed off as a bell on her desk chimed, and a grin formed on her face.

"This prick has gone to a great deal of trouble to get our attention, Rias," Akeno grinned wickedly. "It would be rude to keep him."

"I concur," Rias chuckled. "Move out!"

The four of them teleported over to the nearest sewer entrances to their target's lair, Kiba with Akeno, while Koneko went with Rias, and they quickly made their way down. The layout of that section of the sewers was quite simple, and so long as they blocked off the only two possible ways that their target could go, they could close in on them without fear of being evaded. Kiba and Koneko quickly took up their positions, while Rias and Akeno moved in.

Rias reached the spot that Koneko had marked on their map quickly and reached out to the spot she and Kiba had described, destroying the illusion that their prey had cast to obscure their lair. Her eyes widened at the sight that greeted her, and Akeno reached her just as their prey turned around.

"What pretty guests!" he exclaimed, and both women fought to keep their revulsion from showing at the sight of him.

He was a grotesque figure, still vaguely humanoid, and yet clearly something had gone quite wrong with him. He was short, standing perhaps five foot six, and wore just a simple, worn grey trench coat that lay open, exposing the black chitin. It looked like insectoid armor, and yet it was clearly fused to his skin, which looked like it had bubbled outward in places, forced aside by the black, hard plates. His feet were splayed, featuring long, sharp-looking didactyl claws instead of toes, and his fingers had been similarly changed into tridactyl claws.

The changes in his body paled next to those in his face. His eyes had been replaced by multiple smaller eyes, each socket containing four of them, the color of pitch, while his nose had flattened into a pair of holes. A pair of long, sharp mandibles protruded from her cheeks, covering his mouth, though as they pulled back, the manic grin he was sporting was clear.

"What the hell?" Kiba asked, having responded to Rias' signal to move in.

"Rude, this one's rude," the bugman grumbled, glaring at Kiba.

"I'm sorry, he's new," Rias replied, holding out her hands. "This is your home?"

"My home?" the bugman asked, his voice rising a few octaves between words, "No, not my home. My tribute."

"Tribute to what, exactly?" Rias had asked.

"To great house Malphas!" the bugman exclaimed. "Elias summoned his master and gained his favor, but Elias was unworthy and punished by the chess piece. Elias can do better, though. The right sacrifice will make everything better!"

"Malphas?" Akeno asked quietly, cocking an eyebrow at Rias, who looked at the grotesque figure before her in disgust.

"Unlikely," she replied just quietly.

House Malphas had been extinct since the great war, and while it was possible that some member of the clan had survived and avoided detection all these years, it was highly unlikely. Given that Elias thought that sacrifices were how to gain the attention of devils, though, she figured that she had a better explanation.

Some devil might have parted with a piece, probably a pawn, after some lunatic managed to draw their attention, hoping to turn them into a mindless weapon to throw against their enemies, a living grenade of sorts, only to react with disgust when the process went poorly and their new servant turned into this abomination. Devils weren't actually supposed to turn the obviously unstable into their servants, as such people were more likely to suffer from problems just like this, but the appeal of having someone you could toss at a group of angels not caring in the slightest what happened to them was too tempting for some to abide by the rule.

"That's why you've been ritually killing animals all over town?" Akeno asked. "You've been trying to summon your devil master back."

"Elias just needs to find the right sacrifice," Elias grinned before staring at them in shock as Koneko joined them. "That's perfect!"

"Fuck," Rias muttered, preparing to blast the stray devil away as he went to launch himself at the nekomata.

*****

"'Arry," Fleur smiled as Harry joined her, Cedric, and Krum in front of the maze. "I was beginning to wonder what was keeping you."

"You know me; I had to make sure my hair looked just right," Harry quipped, and she laughed. Smiling at her, he took a step forward, only to barely keep from stumbling, not having seen the unevenness of the ground. "It turns out depth perception is useful. Who knew?"

He had already discovered that obvious flaw in putting the use of one of his eyes in a snitch, but given that he had already figured out the shortest, simplest route through the maze and knew how he was going to handle the various obstacles in his path, he figured it was still worth it. The snitch, completely invisible, was flying above the grounds, taking in the sight of the maze and the crowd both. Noticing Karkaroff looking frantic as he spoke to Dumbledore, Harry flew closer to them to get a better look. The snitch couldn't hear, obviously, but he could vaguely make out some of what they were saying by reading their lips.

"I'm telling you, that's what I heard," he thought he saw Karkaroff say. "Ignore it at your peril."

"Voldemort would never share...damn his beard," Harry grumbled as the hair made it harder to read the headmaster's lips. "...useful information...provide some help…"

"Fuck," Harry muttered under his breath as Karkaroff slithered away, looking displeased yet hopeful.

"Is something wrong?" Fleur asked.

"Hopefully not," Harry replied. "How did your last-minute preparations go?"

"I'm as prepared as I can be," Fleur replied.

"Try not to sound too confident now," Harry said teasingly, and her eyes narrowed.

"I'll be going in last, thanks to 'ow poorly I did on ze second task, and even if zat wasn't ze case, you and I both know zis would 'ave be quite ze uphill battle," Fleur replied.

"The sad thing is that if not for Crouch's interference, I'd favor you," Harry said quietly. "Even with the handicap that you'll suffer due to the second task, you're more powerful and capable than they are."

He signaled subtly to Cedric and Krum, who both looked like they desperately wanted things to begin.

"'Ow about we make zis interesting?" Fleur asked. When Harry just cocked an eyebrow at her, she added, "We both know you're going to race zrough this zing before ze rest of us get close. You were impressive enough at ze beginning of ze year, but now…"

"What do you suggest?" Harry asked.

"Wait for me at ze center," Fleur whispered, "and let's settle zis with a duel."

Harry grinned at that and asked, "What will the winner of the duel get? You know that I don't give a toss about all this."

"'Ow about ze loser serves ze winner and obeys zem in all zings for a week?" Fleur asked and Harry's grin widened.

"You have a deal," he replied. "By the way, have you ever seen the muggle movie Clue?"

"Ze only muggle movie I ever saw was some dreadfully dull zing a cute muggleborn boy took me to a zeater for back in ze summer after our fourth year," Fleur replied. "Why?"

"No reason," Harry replied, grinning devilishly, and before Fleur could press him on it, Bagman spoke up.

"Welcome, one and all, to this, the third and final task of the Triwizard Tournament!" the former Quidditch player called out in his magically enhanced voice. "It's been a long and exciting year with twists and turns both planned out and not. It has not been without some tragedy, but I hope that I can say truthfully that the spirit of international cooperation that we, the planning committee, hoped to foster with it has been successfully...well, fostered."

Harry rolled his eyes at the blithering idiot, and he wasn't the only one. Looking out into the crowd, he saw that some people were enjoying hearing the man speak as much as he was. Fudge was standing with Dumbledore and the other judges, surrounded by Aurors and looking as witless as he usually did. The students crowded around to watch yet another event that they wouldn't be able to see much of.

"Why even make this a spectator sport if you're not going to give the crowd something to spectate?" he wondered to himself. "Aside from the dragons, there hasn't been a single thing here that was actually worthwhile for the audience."

"...winner will be whoever reaches the center of the maze and lays their hand on the Triwizard Cup first," Bagman continued.

"So the cup's probably a portkey," he thought to himself, figuring that that specific wording was intentional.

"The champions will enter the maze in order of their present scores," Bagman continued. "First up, Hogwarts' own, Harry Potter!"

The crowd cheered, and Harry, after giving Fleur one last smile, made his way to the entrance of the hedge maze.

"Alright, on my signal, head inside," Bagman smiled at him, and Harry just nodded.

A moment later, Dumbledore raised his wand, and a loud bang sounded across the field, giving Harry his cue. Running inside, he quickly reached the first split in the path and turned right, pausing once he was just barely out of sight. He could see the entire maze from the sky and knew that both paths led to the center, though there were dead ends later on in it. To the left lay a path guarded by a blast-ended skrewt, a boggart, a patch of limbo mist, an acromantula, and a sphinx. To his right lay a path that was slightly longer but less harshly guarded. It also had an acromantula and a patch of limbo mist in it but was otherwise guarded just by a particularly irritated-looking graphorn.

Casting a disillusionment charm on himself, he then silenced his boots and took a moment to ensure that his scent was completely imperceptible. With that done, confident that he'd be able to just breeze past the obstacles Hagrid had left out for him and the other champions, he continued on along the right side path, noticing through the snitch that Cedric was catching up to him. He chose to turn right as well and ran straight past Harry, who swiftly stunned him.

"Nothing personal, mate," he muttered, sending a red beam of light into the air to signal that one of the champions was already down before running forward.

The acromantula paid him no heed, unable to see, hear, or smell him, but he stunned the monstrous spider anyway and continued on. The limbo mist would have been very annoying if he hadn't known it was there, as the acute feeling of vertigo that being suddenly made to feel like they were upside down could be headache-inducing. Luckily, it was easily charmed away, and Harry barely had to break his stride to neutralize and pass it.

The graphorn, still looking as pissed off as it had when Harry first looked at the poor creature, didn't notice him at all, and he decided to leave it alone. They were mountain-dwelling beasts, and he imagined that it was none too keen about having been snatched from its home and stuck in a flatland maze that he likely couldn't even consider trying to escape from, provided its handlers had done their job properly.

"Well, I'll admit that it is an impressive-looking trophy at least," Harry muttered to himself as he reached the maze's center a couple minutes later.

He had been planning to just grab the thing and be done with it as quickly as possible, anti-climactic as that would have been, but Fleur's challenge made him reconsider. He hadn't dueled her seriously in a little while, and he was curious about just how much she'd progressed since last time. Sitting down on the ground cross-legged, he rested his hands on his knees and closed his eyes, sighing in relief as he was able to look exclusively through the snitch for a moment. Noticing that Krum had followed him while Fleur went left, he relaxed and settled in to watch his remaining competitors make their way through the maze as the organizers intended.

*****

"Catgirl will please Elias' master!" Elias cackled, dodging under Rias' ball of destructive energy and clapping his hands.

A wave of billowing wind barreled towards them, throwing all four of them back into the sewer wall behind them. Kiba landed on his feet first and rushed at the madman, sword in hand, slashing across at his throat only to be forced to block at the last moment as a massive bearded axe came twirling towards him. He slashed through the shaft, knocking it to the ground, only to need to parry a flying sword next.

"What in the world?" Koneko asked, batting an axe that was aimed at her neck out of the sky.

"Is his sacred gear like mine?" Kiba asked, continuing to parry and dodge the increasing number of melee weapons coming at him.

Rias stared in surprise at Elias, who stood calmly in the center of the growing whirlwind of death, destroying his conjured weapons as quickly as she could.

"I don't think this is a sacred gear," Akeno replied, too busy dispelling the madman's conjurations to electrocute him like she wanted to. "I think this is just his magic."

"Such a pretty catgirl," Elias breathed, his black eyes hyperfocused on Koneko. "How pretty will you be splayed out for the master?"

"Not happening, asshole," Koneko growled, grabbing one of his axes out of the air and hurling it at him.

He dodged effortlessly, faster than even Kiba, and she was so distracted by her near hit that she didn't notice the mace that came twirling towards her, hitting her in the back. She grunted and stumbled forward, barely dodging the dagger that nearly impaled her through the throat.

"Enough of this," Rias hissed, diving under the pair of blades hurling towards her and sending an arcing blast of crimson destruction at the heart of the magical hurricane Elias had summoned.

He pirouetted out of the way, his movements both fluid and lightning quick, but he hadn't been her target in the first place. The Power of Destruction could destroy all manner of things, including magic, and as her blast rocked the space around where Elias had stood, it destroyed his spell. Not having to worry about it for the moment, Akeno raised her hands and sent bolts of lightning at the scowling figure, and hissed as he again proved too quick to hit

"You destroyed my spell!" Elias raged. "See how you like it!"

Easily sidestepping Kiba's blade as the knight tried to run him through, he raised an insectoid hand towards Rias and sent another pair of conjured blades her way. She destroyed them easily, but failed to spot the ball of purple energy that they hid, and took the blow right in her gut.

*****

"Who the hell sees manticores and fire crabs and thinks to themselves, 'yes, they should fuck?!'" Fleur raged mentally as she finished encasing the blast-ended skrewt in the transfigured steel box she turned part of the outer hedge into.

It wouldn't kill the creature, but it would hold it at bay long enough for her to get past it. Its fire had singed the skirt of her robes and nearly burned her, but she had gotten the best of it quickly enough. With that dealt with, she ran forward, figuring that Harry was probably already at the center of the maze.

Knowing that the youngest participant in the tournament was almost certain to beat her in it would have infuriated her if she hadn't gotten to know him so well. She might not have meant to call him a little boy when she first learned that he was going to compete against her, but that didn't mean she hadn't thought little of him. It was only after she saw how utterly calm he was as he waited to face a dragon that she started to find him intriguing.

"Of course, that was because of the help he'd already gotten from the devils, but he has far more to call on now than just them," she thought to herself as she came across something that made her pause.

"'Arry?" she asked, freezing at the sight of him. "Why aren't you at the center? Krum or Cedric could still…"

"Did you really think that I'd forgive you for that stunt you pulled with Rias?" Harry asked, his green eyes cold and cruel.

" 'Arry, I…" Fleur went to say, feeling her heart sink.

"You could have cost me everything," Harry continued, "you could have gotten me killed, and why? Because you just couldn't handle the fact that they're prettier than you?"

"What?" Fleur asked, aghast. "No, 'Arry, I explained…"

"I know what you explained," Harry continued, a cruel smirk on his lips, "but we both know there's more to it than that. You have no problem with Hermione and Luna because neither one is as beautiful as you, but Rias and Akeno are different, aren't they? You're exactly as vain and pathetic as those girls back in Beauxbatons always said you were. No wonder you didn't have any friends left by the time you came here. It's a wonder I put up with you at all."

"Stop!" Fleur cried, tears filling her eyes. "Why are you...I never told you about that."

Her eyes narrowed as Harry froze for a moment, and, realizing just what she was dealing with, she hissed, "Ridiculous!"

Harry's robes disappeared, and what they revealed as they did made her laugh. He looked more or less like the real one, save for three missing parts.

"Where'd it go!?" Harry squeaked, his voice rising several octaves as he looked down in horror.

"I know 'ow 'Arry feels about me," Fleur hissed at the eunuch boggart. "'Ow dare you wear 'is face."

Huffing, she left the entity on its own and marched through the maze, thoroughly pissed off. She dispelled the limbo mist the moment she saw it and continued on. Still enraged by the time she met the acromantula ahead of her, she unleashed a wave of fire in its direction, nearly roasting it alive, and the giant spider wisely decided to run off, having barely avoided its fiery fate.

"Hello, champion," the next obstacle said in greeting, and Fleur just stared, nonplussed at the sphinx.

"Zey really spared no expense with zis, did zey?" she asked rhetorically. Acromantulas and Hagrid's creations were one thing, but a sphinx would have needed to be imported from Egypt.

"I wouldn't know," the sphinx replied politely, her human face a mask of calm. "Answer my riddle correctly, and you can continue on."

"Speak it, please," Fleur replied, the genteel nature of the creature before her helping soothe some of her still ruffled feathers.

"What has a tail and yet no body, a head and yet no brain?" the sphinx asked.

"The second half could describe the organizers of zis mess," Fleur muttered as she thought about it.

"Is that your final answer?" the sphinx asked, sounding slightly amused.

"Non, it is a coin," Fleur replied.

"Correct," the sphinx nodded. "Farewell."

"Farewell," Fleur replied in kind, continuing on past the giant lioness.

The sphinx turned out to be the final obstacle in her path, and a moment later she found herself at the center of the maze, staring at the Triwizard Cup and nothing else.

"Where in ze world is 'Arry?" she asked, her hand tensing around her wand as Krum came into view a moment later, having arrived from the other path.

"Fleur, I…" he went to say before a blast of red light knocked him unconscious.

Harry revealed himself with an exaggerated wave of his hand and rose from his seated position.

"Hello, Fleur," he said with a gentle smile. "Should I be concerned that I'm your greatest fear?"

"You saw zat?" Fleur asked, her blood going cold. "'Ow?"

"I've been watching the maze through this," Harry replied, holding out his hand. A golden snitch appeared a moment later, having clearly been disillusioned. He pressed it to his left eye before shoving it in his mokeskin pouch.

"You sacrifice ze temporary use of one of your eyes to look through ze snitch?" Fleur breathed, catching on quickly. "Zat is amazing."

"One of many things I've learned this year," Harry replied.

"Ze boggart tapped into my fear zat you will never truly forgive me for ze ritual," Fleur replied to his earlier question, and Harry's face fell. "I know, I know, it's silly."

"Hey," Harry whispered, wrapping his arms around her. "I was really pissed at you for that, but you know I've moved on. Hell, Rias has largely forgiven you."

"Fears aren't always rational," Fleur shrugged, melting into his embrace.

"That, I know," Harry said softly. "Why did you turn me into a ken doll, though?"

"It was the most absurd image of you I could zink of," Fleur replied and he snorted as he stepped back.

"Now, I think I promised you a duel." Harry grinned.

"I knew zat I 'ad no 'ope of beating you in zis contest," Fleur admitted reluctantly. "'Ow long 'ave you been 'ere?"

"I reached the center of the maze in under four minutes," Harry replied, and she swore under her breath.

"I might not 'ave much 'ope 'ere, but at least it's something," Fleur continued, taking a few steps back and taking her dueling stance.

Going up against a fellow student was one thing, but Harry had decades of Voldemort's knowledge in his head and had long since surpassed her abilities. He would have won the third task easily if not for her request. At least this gave her a chance, even if it wasn't a good one. Her only hope of beating him was getting a lucky hit in, and so she took her shot.

Harry's eyes widened slightly at the pair of overpowered stunners that came barreling towards him, not expecting her to attack him without warning, and he jumped to the side, not bothering to try and deflect or shield against either of them. He raised his wand and grinned at his lover, who hastily put up a shield, expecting an instant retaliation.

"Merde!" she swore as the first vines wrapped around her ankles.

She had expected him to hit her hard and prepared to shield against his initial counter move, only for him to transfigure the hedge behind her. She burned the vines to cinders and stepped to the side, expecting him to try and hit her while she was distracted, only to slip in a puddle of something thick and very slippery, falling on her back. She felt her wand get ripped out of her hand a moment later and sighed. As she tried to get up, though, her hand swiped through the thing that Harry had conjured to make her slip and went still.

"Is zis lube?" she asked, staring incredulously up at her lover, who looked like he was barely keeping himself from bursting into laughter.

"Blame Luna," he chuckled. "It was actually her idea."

"Why am I not surprised?" Fleur asked, dispelling the lubricant and rising to her feet as Harry threw her wand back to her. "It looks like zis is it."

"I hoped for a quiet year at the start of this one," Harry murmured as he looked at the cup. "I should have known that was too much to ask for, but I can't say this one has been without its...what the fuck?!"

"What is it?" Fleur asked, instantly concerned as Harry looked terrified.

"Rias cast a spell on me not long after we met that let us speak telepathically, even when we were in different countries," Harry explained. "The spell just disappeared."

"Disappeared?" Fleur asked, furrowing her brow in concern.

"It honestly felt like someone slammed a phone down," Harry grumbled. "I can still sense her in Japan, through our bond, the same as before, but something's gone wrong with the spell."

"Maybe it needs to be recast now and zen and she forgot," Fleur suggested. "Zere's nothing we can do about it now. It will be hours before you can get away with ze award ceremony."

"Fuck, you're right," Harry muttered. "Well, I'd best finish this. Want a lift?"

"Why not?" Fleur smiled. She might not have won the tournament, but as Harry wrapped one of his strong arms around her waist and grabbed the cup, she couldn't help feeling like she had gotten something even better zan the gold and fame out of ze tournament.

*****

"Congratulations on your victory, Mr. Potter," Professor McGonagall beamed. "I know you didn't choose to take part in the tournament or want to compete when your name first came out of the goblet, but you rose to the challenge in a way that exceeded all of our expectations, and I am so proud of how much you grew and progressed during it."

"Thank you, Professor," Harry nodded. "Um, Headmaster, could I have a word?"

"Certainly, Harry," Dumbledore replied. "Excuse me."

The two of them walked through the great hall, passing a vast number of people mingling as they waited for Fudge to get on with it and give him his prize. Finding a relatively empty corner of the room, Harry cast a quick Muffliato charm and turned to the ancient wizard.

"Did you manage to find out anything since we last spoke?" he asked.

"Voldemort was indeed in Argentina for a while," Dumbledore replied. "He left weeks ago, though, and we aren't sure where he went."

"Damn," Harry muttered. "Did Karkaroff have anything useful to say?"

"I'm sorry?" Dumbledore asked, and Harry fought the urge to roll his eyes.

"Luna spotted you two speaking earlier and can read lips well enough to know that his name was mentioned," he replied.

"Miss Lovegood is a girl of many talents," Dumbledore murmured. "Igor shared an unlikely theory earlier; that was all. He's rather desperate for protection now that his former master is back among the living. Tom has never handled betrayal well, after all."

"You could always give him the DADA spot if he might be useful," Harry chuckled. "It's not like they ever last long."

"Igor is not the sort of man that I would entrust the students of this school with," Dumbledore replied dryly.

"Considering that your hiring record includes two Death Eaters, a massive fraud, and fucking Voldemort, that says a lot, actually," Harry thought to himself.

"Harry Potter!" Fudge called out, and Harry sighed.

"Duty calls," he muttered, undoing the charm and leaving his headmaster to go deal with the minister.

Fudge's ministry had survived the past few months through sheer lack of opposition, from what Harry could tell. The man had expended likely the last political capital he had holding onto the position by the skin of his teeth during the turbulent few weeks after Lucius Malfoy was killed. The lack of significant follow-up travesties after that, since the deaths of the Carrow twins were considered rather minor by comparison, had let the pompous idiot ride things out and survive. All it would likely take was another major tragedy to force him out, but with Voldemort staying out of England and Harry unable to track down and murder more of his followers, things had remained quite calm.

Making his way up towards the minister, he spotted Karkaroff, looking distinctly unhappy, likely both because of his conversation with Dumbledore and the fact that Krum had lost. Amelia Bones was in attendance for the ceremony, standing off to the side with a handful of aurors. He imagined that that was more because of Fudge's insistence than anything else. Even at the height of the war, Voldemort had never struck Hogwarts, and Dumbledore's presence was more of a deterrent for the snake-faced prick than the entire Auror department would be.

He spotted Malfoy glaring daggers at him just as he reached Fudge, standing by the high table, and couldn't resist shooting his old rival a grin.

"It's laughable that I ever considered him to be that at all," he thought to himself, well aware of how thoroughly he'd surpassed the pureblood in terms of power and ability.

"Ladies and gentlemen, when Ludo Bagman first proposed bringing the Triwizard Tournament back, I just knew that it would be an exciting adventure for all three of these fabled schools, but I had no idea just how exciting it would be," Fudge began, pausing there as if hoping for a reaction that he didn't get. "Right, we didn't expect there to be four champions; it does go against the name, after all, but against all odds, the fourth and youngest champion prevailed, and it is my distinct privilege to present to Harry Potter his prize of one thousand galleons. Give him a round of applause."

Aside from the Slytherins, whose reaction was muted at best, most people did cheer for him, and Harry smiled, looking around. So many of them had denounced him as a cheater when his name came out of the goblet. It had been just like his second year again, but though it had hurt in the moment, especially since Ron joined the mob in this instance, he'd given them so little thought in the months since that, though having them applaud him was nice, he found that he wasn't all that affected. Seeing Cedric standing up and cheering for him explained the Hufflepuff tables' reaction, though they hadn't been outwardly hostile in ages.

"Please, say a few words," Fudge beamed, and Harry managed to keep his face neutral despite how badly he just wanted this to end.

"I'm not really one for speeches, so I'll keep this brief," Harry began as the crowd quieted down. "When I first found out that I had been entered into the tournament against my will, I was, frankly, terrified. It was for seventh years only and had such a history of death and dismemberment; I was scared. They say that Gryffindor is the house of the brave, or the foolish, depending on who you ask, and perhaps they're both right, because my response to that fear was to, rather than give up, throw myself into preparing completely, to focus on learning as much as I could, as quickly as I could, and in the end, it worked. That would be my takeaway from all of this: if you dedicate yourself to something completely and give it your total focus, you can do anything."

It sounded corny as it came out of his lips, but the crowd seemed to eat it up, and he swiftly accepted his winnings, tossing the coin purse into his mokeskin pouch, and thanked the minister before making his way to Fleur, Hermione, and Luna.

"If I had known there'd be a speech, I'd have prepared something better than that drek," he muttered as soon as he reached them.

"It was alright," Fleur smiled. "Congratulations."

"Thank you," Harry replied. "Are you staying for dinner?"

"Non," Fleur sighed, shaking her head. "Madam Maxine says zat we are leaving right after ze ceremony. Ze abraxans are fast, and we will make it to Beauxbatons quickly enough."

"Oh," Luna pouted, and Fleur just laughed.

"Don't worry, Luna, we won't be parted for long," she smiled, hugging the shorter girl. "Ze year 'as only a couple more days left. We're only returning at all so ze 'eadmistress can take part in the ze end of year ceremonies."

"We'll see plenty of each other over the summer," Harry promised her, and Fleur smiled, though it dimmed somewhat when she recalled the upcoming conversations with her family that she was dreading.

"Oh look, the Durmstrang delegation seems to already be going," Hermione commented and Harry looked to see that, indeed, they were, led by Krum, as Karkaroff spoke to Dumbledore again.

"Fleur, ze 'eadmistress wants us in ze carriage within ten minutes," Genevieve said, and Fleur nodded.

"I'll write to you tomorrow," Luna promised, hugging her again.

"As will I," Harry added, wrapping his arms around them both and looking to Hermione, who quickly joined the group hug.

"I do hope we can visit France this summer," the brunette murmured.

"I do as well," Fleur purred, cupping her cheek. "I know of some wonderful topless beaches zat we would turn all matter of 'eads at."

"Fleur," Hermione squeaked, reddening, and the veela giggled.

"Goodbye, you zree," Fleur whispered. "Zank you for making my year 'ere so wonderful."

They finished saying their goodbyes, and Dumbledore, with a wave of his wand, returned the tables to normal just as their many guests finished filing out.

"Dinner will begin in an hour, so please feel free to return to your common rooms as you please before then," he called out, and the students began to leave the hall.

"Thank goodness," Harry muttered.

"You said that you still sensed her the same as before," Luna said reassuringly.

"She's incredibly powerful, so I'm sure she's okay, but it would be nice to confirm that," Hermione added.

As the three of them left the great hall, intent on going to the Room of Requirement and summoning Rias, they failed to notice an owl fly in and make a beeline for Dumbledore, or how much the old man paled as he read the letter it carried. Without the additional students from the two schools, Hogwarts felt almost empty, and the three had no trouble reaching the seventh floor. The moment they entered the room, Harry pulled out a summoning paper, not bothering to head into the bedroom or training room. With the Gremory family servants having finished up work on the library earlier that morning, it wasn't like they needed privacy.

"Rias Gremory," Harry called out, and the crimson-haired devil appeared a moment later inside a summoning circle, looking tired but otherwise fine.

"I figured you'd summon me," she said, shaking her head. "I'm fine, Harry."

"What happened?" Harry asked.

"We fought that stray devil," Rias replied before telling them all the tale.

*****

"Rias!" Akeno cried as she saw her master fall to her knees, only to be hit by a flying Kiba the next moment as their foe sent the young knight careening her way.

She struggled her feet, intending to fry Elias when a sudden gust of wind blew her, Akeno, and Koneko away, sending them flying through the sewer.

"Maybe Elias was wrong after all," the madman giggled. "Maybe other devils would be the better sacrifices."

Rias grunted, realizing what he'd done. Every active spell she had had been undone, and the ring on her right finger enchanted to glow if it came near any poison had been sapped of its magic as well. She knew now why whichever devil had turned Elias had done so. Though entirely mad, he clearly had significant magical potential. Whether or not he'd been a wizard before he was turned, she couldn't say, but she could see why someone might want to make him a devil. Untrained, he was a pain in the ass. Had he been trainable, he could have become a major force to be reckoned with, and against any minor devil or exorcist, he'd have been a lethal foe.

She was no minor devil, though.

Seeing Koneko sneaking up to them, she smiled inwardly. As Koneko had been turned with one of her rook pieces, she could, as the king of her peerage, use castling at will. Koneko was lighter on her feet than most, being originally a nekomata, and with Elias so focused on Rias, he didn't seem to hear her. Pretending to be more injured than she was, she stayed still, letting Elias drew closer to her and Koneko to draw closer to him all while she prepared a ball of crimson destruction in her right palm. The second she was close enough, Rias switched the positions and unleashed a massive blast of power at her unsuspecting foe, hitting him directly.

Elias didn't even have a chance to scream as he was atomized by the blast.

*****

"So what he hit you with dispelled everything you had cast before?" Harry asked. "Were there any other effects?"

"I should avoid casting spells for a few hours, but that's it," Rias replied. "I'll need to recast the communication spell the next time I'm here."

"It feels weird not being able to reach out to you at will," Harry muttered, kissing her forehead. "I was worried for a second there."

"I'm sorry about that," Rias smiled, hugging him.

"It's okay; once I realized that I could still sense you through the master-servant bond I calmed down," Harry replied. "I won, by the way."

"Really?" Rias asked, though she knew as well, any of their group how slim the chance was of there being any other outcome. "I guess we're going to have to have quite the party this summer then."

"I'm looking forward to it," Harry grinned.

"So devils who end up like that insectoid one are exceedingly rare, right?" Hermione asked.

"Yes," Rias replied. "Sometimes the evil pieces have unfortunate side effects, but they happen very rarely. Such reactions are more common with people who aren't particularly mentally stable, which is why we aren't supposed to turn such people in the first place, but not everyone listens, and sometimes there are consequences. I'm just glad he didn't kill anyone."

"Just those poor little animals," Luna lamented, and Rias took her hand.

"I killed him," she said reassuringly. "Destroyed him completely. Truth be told, I did more than I expected to."

"Oh?" Harry asked.

"He was exceedingly, even annoyingly, quick, but he also looked really solid too with his chitinous skin," Rias replied. "I expected the blast of destructive energy I sent to kill him, but I didn't think it would completely atomize him like that."

"Was your attack more powerful than you expected, or was he weaker?" Harry asked.

"No idea," Rias replied. "At any rate, it's done, and that's that. Now, I think I'm going to go have a long, hot bath. Summon me tomorrow, and I'll recast the communication spell."

"Will do," Harry smiled, kissing her. "I'm glad you're alright."

"I'm glad you won," Rias smirked. "I would have needed to come up with some other excuse to let you fuck me in the ass if you hadn't."

"Dirty minx," Harry chuckled.

"See you tomorrow, Rias," Hermione nodded.

"Can I get you ready for him when you decide to try anal?" Luna asked, and Rias laughed.

"Of course, Luna," she replied. "Bye."

"Bye," the three of them replied almost in unison.

"We've still got half an hour to go until dinner," Harry said after checking the time.

"I had my last exam already, so I don't have anything to do," Hermione said.

"We could run more training drills if you like," Harry suggested. "I don't know what the training room in Grimmauld Place is like, and this is one of the last opportunities we're going to have to use this one for a while."

"That sounds like fun," Luna replied, drawing her wand.

*****

"Something about this stinks, Albus," Alastor muttered as he leaned on his walking stick, reorienting himself after the long, international portkey trip.

"You're not wrong," Dumbledore thought to himself.

Never in a million years would he have imagined that Tom would reach out to Gellert. His old student wasn't one to share power, and rare was the mentor who didn't come to regret their association quickly. When Igor came to him claiming to have heard Draco Malfoy receive a howler from Tom discussing future plans, he thought that the man was either lying to him or had been deceived.

Tom using a howler to communicate with young Draco wasn't entirely out of the question, as they were charmed to self-destruct, something that he might not have trusted the young man to remember to do to any normal letter, and in the comfort of his own room, he was unlikely to be spied on normally. He liked to hope that the Malfoy heir hadn't already fallen into walking his father's path and had dismissed the idea outright, and then he got a letter from Anton Eckart, head of the German equivalent of the DMLE, claiming that Voldemort and his followers had been spotted in Germany and that they'd received intelligence claiming that he and a few of Gellert's old followers were planning to break his old friend out.

"Albus, velcome," Anton said gruffly as he spotted him. "Alastor Moody, ve vere not expecting you."

"I thought another wand might be helpful," Dumbledore replied. "You're sure that Voldemort has been spotted?"

"Ve 'ave eye-vitness testimony confirming it," Anton replied. "I dismissed it at first, of course, but after viewing ze man's memory myself und seeing just who else 'e vas vith. I knew it had to be true. I 'ave already sent word to your ministry."

"That'll go over well," Dumbledore thought to himself. "Who else was he spotted with?"

"Ve've identified zree of ze five unknown figures in ze memory as Bellatrix Lestrange, her husband Rodolphus, und his brother Rebastian. Ze two we could not identify were less concerning zan who zey vere vith, zough. Vinda Rosier was in zere company."

"Rosier?" Alastor growled.

"Evan's aunt," Dumbledore replied, running a hand over his face. "She was one of Grindelwald's most loyal followers and one of few members of his inner circle who escaped justice after the war. Most believed that she was dead."

"Most of us hoped," Anton muttered. "Seeing zat witch in ze company of a living Voldemort was concerning enough, but zen we received a report half an hour ago that someone fitting the description of Thaddeus Nott was spotted in ze Austrian village of Obergurgl. Zis wouldn't have been too noteworthy normally, as he is not a wanted fugitive, but I sent someone to investigate anyway, und he spotted Miss Rosier with him."

"In the Austrian Alps," Dumbledore muttered.

"Ve have to assume zat zey mean to assault Nurmengard," Anton replied. "We could handle zem normally, but if your Voldemort is with zem…"

"I'll accompany your men," Dumbledore said. "No matter what happens, Voldemort cannot be allowed to free Gellert Grindelwald from his prison."

The mere idea of having them both free and working together, even if that alliance would probably last for all of five minutes, was horrifying.

"Is that even possible?" Alastor asked. "I thought that you wrested control of the prison's wards away from Grindelwald."

He had, or more specifically, he'd wrested command of the elder wand away from him when he bested him in their final duel. Gellert had tied the wards of his stronghold to the wand itself, arrogantly assuming that he would be its master for all his days. It shouldn't have been possible for Tom to access Gellert as long as Dumbledore lived, but his old student had always been rather good at doing the impossible.

"What are you thinking, Tom?" Dumbledore thought to himself. "Did your brush with death scare you that much, or is there something else here that I'm missing?"

*****

"I did miss ze clean, fresh air of ze alps," Vinda sighed, sounding happier than she had since Voldemort met her as she and their party waited, hidden among a thicket of trees near Nurmemgard.

"It is somewhat marred by what Dumbledore and the others did to our lord's castle," Angus Macduff muttered.

"Our lord will soon be freed, Macduff," Vinda hissed. "For the first time in decades we 'ave 'ope."

"I guess every dark lord needs a Bellatrix," Voldemort thought to himself wryly as he beheld the sole remaining tower of Nurmengard Castle.

It wasn't the first time in the past several weeks that he'd compared the two, but it would likely be the last. Looking around, he spotted the host of Death Eaters that he'd brought with him, familiar faces all of them, though they'd put on their masks as soon as they arrived. It turned out that, of Grindelwald's followers who escaped after the war, only two actually survived. Vinda had been deeply disappointed by that but it didn't really matter. She was the one he needed the most, her lord's most notoriously devout follower. Everything that he'd schemed rested on her.

"I had thought that Dumbledore would be here by now," Macduff muttered, running his fingers through his long, white beard.

"The Triwizard Tournament ends today," Voldemort explained. "Dumbledore will be delayed by that, but he has apparently never missed an anniversary visit."

"I still don't understand why he keeps this up," Macduff muttered.

"Probably to gloat," Vinda scowled.

"More likely to try and convince your lord to repent his ways," Voldemort murmured. "The old fool is utterly convinced of his own moral superiority and never misses an opportunity to try to convince his foes of it."

They both scowled at that, and Voldemort looked back at his followers. They were silent, all of them, and eagerly awaiting the battle to come. He smirked at that and considered just how much planning had gone into this. Once Reinhard led him to Vinda Rosier, he'd known how he was going to play this and had carefully ensured that every single piece was in place for what was to come. A lot of preparation had gone into it, and many steps had been needed to ensure that everything was perfect.

The most difficult thing had been figuring out a way to make the polyjuice potion work with skin cells rather than hair.

Voldemort smirked, looking through the eyes of the random imperiused muggleborn wearing his face just then, before returning his focus to his actual body as he took his first steps inside Hogwarts in nearly thirty years. Draco's room had never been his own, but one of his first followers had stayed in the room during their fourth year, and he recalled it at once.

"You have done well, Draco," he rasped, gazing down at the genuflecting boy with his crimson eyes.

"I live to serve you, my lord," Draco replied dutifully, and he chuckled.

"You do," Voldemort agreed. "Give me your arm."

Draco looked up at him in surprise and undisguised glee, eagerly presenting his left forearm. He pressed his wand against the boy's skin, and the young blonde twitched at the sudden pinch he felt as the inky black mark flowed into him and took shape. The dark mark stood in sharp contrast against his pale skin, and Voldemort felt the same measure of pride that he always did when one of these proud purebloods let him brand them like cattle. It was, first off, a sign of submission and acknowledgment of his superiority, that which his endless power gave him.

"Rise," he commanded softly, and Draco did as he was told. "Report."

"Dumbledore left, as you said he would," Draco replied. "Professor Snape said that he rushed off for some ministry business. Dinner is about to begin and everyone will be crowded in the great hall soon, save for the Slytherins, whom Nott has convinced to be...late."

"Does he know why?" Voldemort asked.

"No, my lord," Draco replied, "not specifically anyway. He just knows that it is in his best interest to convince them all it is in theirs."

"I ordered him to do as you said," Thaddeus piped up. "He will obey."

"Good," Voldemort smiled, "then there is but one thing left to do. Come, my loyal Death Eaters. Today, Harry Potter dies."

There weren't any jubilant cries at that; he'd trained them better. His followers just smiled and put on their masks. This was something that he wouldn't have been willing to do normally, as it did contain its share of risks, but with Potter having gained the allegiance of a creature like Baraqiel, it was necessary. The wards would keep the Fallen Angel out for at least a few minutes, and with Dumbledore busy in Austria, this was his best opportunity to take out his prophesied foe.

"Today will be the day that all will know that Lord Voldemort can triumph over even the fates themselves," he thought to himself, his thin lips arcing into a murderous grin as his grip on his wand tightened.

*****

Standing in his sitting room in Agreas, Ajuka Beelzebub leaned his chin against his prized Stradivarius violin and played his favorite piece that his uncle, Lysander Astaroth ever composed. A snifter of Louis XIII sat next to him on his mahogany end table but even it's enchanting aroma couldn't distract him from the haunting tune he was playing.

"You came so close, Tartini," he chuckled to himself as he finished, "but your Devil's Trill just never quite…"

DING

He paused, blinking in momentary confusion at the sound, and placed his violin down carefully on the leather sofa next to him.

"I know that ding," he muttered to himself. "What the hell did I...oh, right!"

Grabbing his snifter, he flew to the scanner he'd set in motion so many months ago that he'd nearly forgotten it.

"You took your sweet time," he muttered at the device, looking down at the monitor it was connected to. "Now, let's see which devil left their mark on Potter's sou...oh no."
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:ZealJD, Brawlingbard, Markuz Black and 296 others
voivode_writer
Apr 15, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 27 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Apr 29, 2025
Add bookmark
#624
In a dark room, in Sirzechs' palace in the city of Lilith, the Satan Lucifer sat at his desk, his face a mask of perfect concentration as he stared down at the diadem before him. His hands were placed on either side of it, wreathed in crimson destruction as he slowly breathed in and out, calming himself and reaching mentally inside the horcrux. When the issue of Harry's cursed, possessed scar was first brought to him, he knew that it would be a most exciting challenge, but even he underestimated it.

The Power of Destruction was a power like few others, and none in all of history had ever been as skilled at using it as Sirzechs Lucifer. From the moment he drew his first breaths, those around him knew that he was special. His mother, known to many as the Flaxen-haired Madame of Extinction, had recognized at once that he was the answer to ambitions she hadn't even realized that she had. It wasn't just that he possessed the Power of Destruction, being the first to ever do so not named Bael, but from the moment he first cried out for his mother's milk, he practically was the Power of Destruction, its living embodiment.

That overwhelming power made him a terrifying opponent, and the reason that he sat as one of the four rulers of the Underworld, despite how much younger he was than so many of the lords he ruled over, was because he was so strong. Strength and power didn't mean that he could just do whatever he liked, though, and few things had ever made that as clear as his attempt to remove a soul fragment from its host object. He could destroy horcruxes with ease, but the finesse required to reach inside it and snuff out the fragment of a soul within was far more challenging.

"There you are," Sirzechs murmured aloud as he finally felt the piece of Voldemort inside the diadem.

Every single other time that he'd tried this, he'd found what he believed to be the soul fragment, only to realize afterward that he hadn't properly isolated it. His failing was imagining horcruxes as fractions of a soul, as though each one was a piece of a pie, sliced out cleanly. That was how most seemed to describe the process, albeit without the metaphor, but, as he'd learned over the course of this exercise, the truth was simultaneously better and worse than he thought.

To create a horcrux was to rend one's very soul, cutting it open so that you could slice away a little piece of the whole to keep you tethered to the world in the case of your death. The pieces weren't very large, and though Voldemort would have very likely rendered his soul incapable of holding onto a body if he had made many more, even making seven of them did not chip away the majority of his soul. With Sirzechs imagining the soul fragment as larger than it was, each time he attempted this before, he ended up destroying more than it and thus atomizing the entire object.

Confident that this time he had actually focused in on the soul piece alone, he flared his energy, reaching out with his awesome and terrifying power to snuff it out of existence. The small fragment was powerless to resist him, and in mere moments, it was destroyed completely. When the powerful devil opened his eyes, he felt a level of giddiness that he hadn't felt since he was a child.

"Yes!" he exclaimed, laughing as he beheld the untainted but still whole diadem before him.

Picking it up, he examined it carefully, making sure that he had succeeded in removing the soul fragment completely, and grinned widely when he realized that he had.

"This will look nice on Rias," he mused aloud, turning the enchanted object over in his hands a couple times before setting it back down on his desk. Taking a deep breath, he released it, feeling satisfaction at having finally managed to undo the Gordian knot that had been bothering him for months. "I'll have to let her know that the next time she brings Harry by, I'll be able to rid him of his little problem. The only question now is whether or not doing so will allow the evil pieces to work for him."

"Severus, where are your students?" McGonagall asked, looking over to the potions professor and finding his dark gaze locked onto the conspicuously empty bench.

She sat in Dumbledore's chair at the high table, having taken her old mentor's place while he was out of the castle as acting headmistress.

"I was just beginning to wonder that myself," Snape replied, his brow furrowed in confusion when a sudden shock of pain in his left forearm took his breath away. "What the…"

No sooner had the thought popped into his head than the answer to it appeared, and he felt his blood go cold in his veins. Gasps and screams erupted at the sudden sight of Lord Voldemort, flanked by dozens of Death Eaters, and as the professors all went for their wands, the invaders struck, grabbing students at random and pressing the tips of their wands against their throats.

"Silence!" Voldemort hissed, his voice enhanced by magic, and the entire hall went instantly quiet. "Now now, my dear professors, we don't want anyone to get hurt, do we? Put down your wands now."

"How?" McGonagall breathed, her face white with terror.

"Y...you're dead," Aurora Sinistra stammered.

"I cannot die," Voldemort declared, grinning around the room. "Now then, Harry Potter! Stand up."

"Potter's not here," McGonagall thought to herself, her eyes darting to the spot where Harry had sat at the Gryffindor bench for years.

One of the masked men made his way across the high table, grabbing their wands as he went and putting them in a pocket of his black robes.

"Potter!" Voldemort hissed, looking around.

"He's not here," one of the masked Death Eaters said, and McGonagall felt her heart sink as she recognized his voice.

"Merlin, Mr. Malfoy, you're starting even younger than your father," she thought to herself as Voldemort snarled in rage.

"You three!" the Dark Lord muttered, "Find him!"

"Yes, my lord," the three Death Eaters he'd pointed to said in unison, and McGonagall clenched her eyes shut as she recognized Bellatrix Lestrange's voice.

"We've been invaded, and Albus isn't here," she thought to herself. "What are we going to do?"

"We'll have to visit the Rookery soon," Luna smiled sadly as she walked with Harry and Hermione towards the Great Hall. "It's…"

"Potter," a cold, deep voice said gleefully, and Harry's eyes widened in shock at the sight of a masked Death Eater turning the corner.

The man raised his wand, and Harry's was in his hand in a moment, slicing through the air as he hissed, "Sectumsempra."

The laceration curse, easily the most useful thing that they'd found in that old potions book, filled with notes from some pretentious douche who actually called himself the 'Half-Blood Prince,' cut clean through the shield that the Death Eater hastily put up. He had clearly not been expecting such an instant, lethal response, and his shield was weak. Harry cut him to ribbons, taking off his wand arm and slicing him up so badly that he bled out through his lacerated throat before they had crossed the distance.

"Jugson," he thought to himself as he pulled the man's mask off while Hermione searched his pockets.

"Harry," Hermione breathed, paling as she pulled out a number of wands. "I recognize this as Professor McGonagall's wand."

"That's Professor Flitwick's," Luna added as she pointed at a slightly shorter wand.

"How is this…" Hermione went to ask as Harry pulled out his map.

"I solemnly swear that I am up to no good," he said only to swear under his breath when he saw just how bad the situation was.

Bellatrix Lestrange was lurking around on the floor above them while seemingly every living Death Eater there was stood in the Great Hall. Most of the Slytherin students were in the dungeons, he noticed, save for Malfoy, who was leaving them, trailed by Crabbe and Goyle.

"Dumbledore's not here!" Hermione squeaked, her heart racing. "We…"

"We need to summon Rias and the others," Luna interrupted.

"We need to get the students and staff away from the Death Eaters," Harry countered, pulling out his cloak and handing it to them as he disillusioned himself and cast Muffliato around them. "The Great Hall is just around the corner and down the next hallway, while the Room is seven floors up. In the time it takes us to get there, goodness knows how many will die."

"How, though?" Hermione asked, throwing the cloak around her and Luna, who huddled in close.

"I'm not sure," Harry muttered.

"I...might have a solution, or part of one, anyway," Luna replied. "There was a spell I found in one of those neat books that wraps a big hand around a person. If I cast it on all the Death Eaters, and you did that cool, dark fire spell, I could pull them through it."

"How obvious is the spell?" Hermione asked.

"I can make it pretty subtle," Luna replied. "I cast it on you a few spars ago, but Harry called it over just before I could try using it."

"I didn't notice," Hermione smiled, as she thought to herself that they might have the beginnings of a plan.

"That won't work," Harry muttered, shaking his head. "Just because Hermione didn't notice it doesn't mean that the most competent Death Eaters wouldn't, and Voldemort certainly would. If they noticed anything amiss, the killing curses would start flying immediately. Could you cast it on the students and staff?"

"That would be a lot of people," Luna mused as she thought about it. "The Slytherins aren't there, and thank goodness Beauxbatons and Durmstrang left earlier. I might be able to do it, but I'm going to be super tired afterward."

"Alright then, there's our plan," Harry said. "Luna, you focus on pulling everyone through the main door; I'll cast the dark fire charm as you do so, and Hermione, you flood the Great Hall with darkness to make things harder on them. We pull this off, we'll have them trapped and their hostages freed."

"How long do you think you could hold them off for, though?" Hermione asked.

"If they all started fighting me, not long, but I won't have to," Harry grimaced, knowing that neither of them would like what he had in mind.

"Harry..." Hermione went to say warningly.

"I have to fight him," Harry argued. "It's the only way to keep him in check while you two go summon Rias."

"What if they all attack you, though?" Luna asked.

"They won't," Harry replied confidently. "One of Voldemort's biggest weaknesses is his ego. The whole world thinks he was felled years ago by a baby, and he can't let that stand. He'll want to face me one-on-one, to prove to the whole world that what happened then was a fluke and that he is superior."

"You're sure?" Hermione asked.

"I've been dealing with the fucker in my head for months now," Harry replied. "He'll need to prove to all the world who has the biggest wrinklies, and that means that I can hold him off until help arrives. I don't like this, but I can't reach out to Rias mentally and ask her to send her brother or anything, so it's our best bet."

"Okay," Hermione sighed, unable to come up with anything better. Reaching a hand out under the cloak, she felt around until she was cupping his cheek and said, "Come back to me."

"I promise," Harry replied, wrapping his arms around the two of them.

"Please keep that promise," Luna begged, her voice small and terrified.

Harry sighed and tightened the hug before letting them go. He silenced their footsteps, and the three of them, invisible and quiet, closed the short distance between Jugson's body and the Great Hall, and Harry nearly swore at the sight. Voldemort had ordered the professors to sit with the students, guarded by a multitude of Death Eaters, and he was sitting in Dumbledore's chair, his crimson eyes glaring down at all of them.

"Fucking child," he thought to himself, shaking his head at the sight. "Muffliato."

Silenced once more, Luna got to work, casting the spell she had mentioned on student after student. He couldn't see her and thus had no idea if she seemed visibly strained, but he felt the sheer amount of magic that she was using and grew concerned. She didn't stop, though, didn't waver in the slightest, and made no motion to get his attention as she continued her work. Peering inside, he noticed that no one seemed to notice that anything was happening at all, though Snape stiffened slightly from his place among the Death Eaters as Luna got to him, as did both Flitwick and McGonagall a moment later.

"Severus," Voldemort hissed, glancing over at the potions professor. "You didn't reply to any of my efforts to reach out to you."

"I couldn't, my lord," Snape replied silkily, looking up at the serpentine man, "not until after the school year, anyway."

"I bloody knew…" Ron went to mutter, only to be silenced by a glare from his head of house.

"Am I your lord, Severus?" Voldemort asked, hissing the S sounds in his name with a touch of parseltongue that unsettled nearly everyone in the room.

"You are my master, my lord," Snape replied. "The old fool has ever been willing to believe that people can change as he wants them to. Earning my place here was not...difficult."

"It's done," Luna panted, sounding exhausted.

"Alright, on three," Harry replied.

"Dumbledore proved himself to be more foolish than any of us realized," Voldemort laughed coldly.

"One, two," Harry said slowly, placing a hand on the stone wall of the Great Hall and visualizing the large room's borders. The spell he intended to use was generally cast in a circle around oneself, but it could also be used to create a deadly barrier in a room. It had been a variation of the spell that Snape had used in his contribution to the traps that hid the Philosopher's Stone back in Harry's first year, and it would be a similar variation that he used here. "Three!"

"Tenebris nebula," Hermione cast.

"Protego Diabolica," Harry cast, smirking as he saw bright blue flames engulf, not just the main doorway in and out of the Great Hall, but all of them.

"What!?" Voldemort snarled as he heard the sound of screaming people being yanked aside. Leaping to his feet and flying above the sudden thick dark smoke that filled the room, he aimed at the nearest thing he knew not to be a Death Eater and screamed, "Avada Kedavra!"

The rest of the Death Eaters were momentarily shocked by what happened so quickly, and many of them were knocked over as their hostages were pulled like rag dolls outward. Harry felt one of them get struck by Voldemort's spell, his senses sufficiently strong by now to notice as those around him died, and he sighed as the sudden crash of screaming, groaning people filled the reception hall. A score of Death Eaters, wanting to recapture the people they hadn't even gotten to torture yet, rushed towards the main door.

"No, wait!" Voldemort shouted, but he was too late, and the dying screams of nearly two dozen of his followers filled the air as they were burned to cinders.

Luna collapsed next to Hermione and she had to cancel her spell to catch the exhausted blonde.

"What the hell happened?" Ron muttered.

"Anthony!" Padma screamed. "No!"

The tangled mass of students and professors scrambled away from each other and to their feet, with many gasping or screaming as they noticed what Padma had. Anthony Goldstein, a Ravenclaw in their year and one of the brightest among them, had been hit by Voldemort's curse.

"Merlin," Flitwick muttered, closing empty, brown eyes as Harry undid his disillusionment charm.

"Potter!" Voldemort shouted.

"Be with you in a moment, Tom," Harry replied, earning an angry roar from the psychopath. Looking at Hagrid, he handed him the wands he'd taken from Jugson corpse and said, "Could you hand these out for me?"

"What in the world?" McGonagall asked, turning her attention from the fallen student to the barrier of blue flames protecting them.

It had begun to flutter under the weight of the mass of curses that were being cast at it, but Harry was powerful enough to hold them off for the time being.

"Protego Diabolica?" Snape asked, his eyebrows shooting towards his greasy hairline. "That is a remarkably dark piece of magic you're using there, Potter."

"It's also half of what just saved so many of your lives," Harry drawled.

"We heard you in the hall, Snape," Ron snarled, pointing his wand at his professor. "We know you're with him."

"No, Mr. Weasley, he isn't," McGonagall replied, gently pushing his wand down. "If he was, he'd be dead, as the Death Eaters who pursued us are. Where in the world did you learn that spell?"

"You wouldn't believe me if I told you," Harry muttered. Turning to Ron, he explained, "Protego Diabolica is a dark charm that shields the caster and protects those loyal to them while burning their enemies to ashes."

"But Snape didn't burn," Ron blurted out, his brow furrowed in confusion.

"You'll find, Mr. Weasley, that I have been burned," Snape drawled, knowing that Voldemort would know for absolute certain where his loyalties lay now.

"We have to get out of here!" Lavender cried, rushing towards the main gate.

"Stop!" Harry shouted. "If you go there, you're dead. Voldemort wouldn't have invaded like this without surrounding the castle with all manner of horrors. At minimum, I'd expect the Dementors to be out there."

"Potter's right," Snape replied. "We can't escape that way, but we do have one option."

"The headmaster's floo," Flitwick nodded. "Unless they managed to wrest control of the wards away from Albus, it will still work."

"If they had, we'd be in much more trouble," Sprout replied.

"How long do you think you'll be able to hold them off, Potter?" Snape asked.

"Long enough," Harry replied, "especially since they're about to stop attacking the shield."

"What do you…" McGonagall went to ask, only for her eyes to widen as Harry took a step back. "No!"

"Get them out of here, Professor, and be aware, Bellatrix Lestrange is on the loose," Harry said, leaping back and closing the doors all around him as he batted the handful of curses coming his way aside. Looking at Voldemort's glaring form, he grinned and said, "Hello."

"Harry!" Ron shouted, rushing towards the door, joined by Dean, Seamus, and Neville. He went to grab the door handle, only for it to shock him, making him jolt backward.

"Professor?" Neville asked, looking at his head of house, who was staring at the closed door in horror.

"Professor McGonagall, we have te…" Hagrid went to say only to go silent and pale at the sheer heartbreak in her eyes.

Faced with the choice of trying to chase after one student, likely dooming the rest of them in the process, or working to evacuate the school and hoping that Harry Potter could hold out against Voldemort and the others, she knew that she only had one option.

"Come along," she said reluctantly. "We need Professor Dumbledore and or the aurors, and we need to evacuate you all."

"But Harry…" Ginny went to argue.

"Mr. Potter has proven himself bizarrely powerful this year," McGonagall replied. "He has bought us time, and we need to hope that he can hold out until help arrives."

"I need to find my students," Snape grumbled, shaking his head and looking back at the Great Hall once more before taking off towards the dungeons.

It was with extreme reluctance that Hermione left Harry alone to fight Voldemort, but she knew very well just how powerful he was at this point and believed that he was up to the fight. She rushed along under the invisibility cloak, her lit wand in her mouth and the map in one hand as she wrapped her arm around a stumbling Luna.

"Just a little further, Lu," she muttered.

She had needed to cast enervate on her to get her on her feet and knew there wasn't much more that could be done until the blonde rested. Generally speaking, witches and wizards could cast magic as they liked without risking exhaustion like this, but Luna had pushed herself more than was likely wise and found herself drained as a result.

"More stairs," Luna grumbled as she helped her up the flight that would take her to the seventh floor.

"The last ones, I promise," Hermione said softly, helping her hobble up the final staircase.

Looking at the map, she saw that Harry and Voldemort were leaping around the Great Hall while the other Death Eaters surrounded them, seemingly watching. The professors were leading the students towards the headmaster's office, save for Snape, who was in the dungeons, while Bellatrix Lestrange lurked on the fifth floor. The only other people out of place were Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were waiting outside the Gryffindor common room, as though they expected Harry to pop up there at some point. Their common room was near the corridor that hid the entrance to the Room, and she renewed the silencing charm on hers and Luna's feet, not wanting to alert the Slytherins as they drew close.

"Where are they?!" Malfoy shouted in frustration.

"Maybe he ran?" Crabbe suggested. "Maybe he saw us coming somehow?"

"How?" Malfoy demanded. "Our plan was foolproof. Potter's barely paid attention to us in months, ever since the little monster murdered my father."

"Maybe he went with Dumbledore," Goyle suggested.

"Why would Dumbledore take him to Austria?" Malfoy asked incredulously. "Bah, never mind. I swear when I get my hands on his whores, I'm going to make them wish that they'd died with their filthy parents. I should have waited until the summer to tell the Dark Lord where the mudblood's family lived. He'd have taken her too then."

"What?!" Hermione hissed, rage such as she'd never known blooming hot in her chest.

Before they could even turn around, she'd stunned Crabbe and Goyle and seized their wands, which flew towards her outstretched hand as she stepped out of the invisibility cloak.

"Granger?!" Malfoy shouted, only to scream as she hit him between the legs with a stinging hex.

"What did you say?" Hermione growled down at him as he crumpled to the floor, cupping his crotch and screaming in pain.

As Hermione hit both Crabbe and Goyle with binding charms, tying their hands and feet together behind their backs and hanging them from the ceiling by their limbs, Luna stumbled towards the Room of Requirement, knowing that they desperately needed Rias and that her very angry friend was unlikely to remember that soon.

"If you wanted to speak that badly, you could have written to me," Harry chuckled as he stepped into the room, looking around at the various Death Eaters who spread out to form a semicircle around him. Just as he'd figured, not a single one tried to attack him without permission.

"Harry Potter," Voldemort hissed, grinning wickedly at him. "Whatever would Dumbledore say if he knew you were using such dark magic?"

"We'll find out when he gets back," Harry shrugged, beyond caring at that point. Though very, very dark, the spell he'd used wasn't as illegal as one of the unforgivables, and if he managed to take Voldemort's head today, there was no way that ministry would dare make much of a stink about it. "How did you manage to get him out of here, anyway? I assume the fact that you arrived only after he'd left wasn't a coincidence."

"I'm not here to answer your questions, Potter," Voldemort grinned. "You're alone, with no Dumbledore to save you, and the very wards designed to keep you all safe are going to be your doom. Baraqiel won't be able to get here in time."

"Who?" Harry asked, confused, and he must have seemed genuine, because Voldemort looked truly perplexed for a moment before raising his wand.

"Your mother made use of exceptionally old magic back on the Halloween night, sacrificing herself to stop me," the Dark Lord said. "It was a good effort, I must admit, but she underestimated me. I am Lord Voldemort, I am immortal, and I…"

"Fucking hell, do you ever tire of the sound of your own voice?" Harry muttered, cutting him off. "Look, you're here to kill me, so can we just hurry this along?"

"Are you so eager to die?" Voldemort asked.

"I'm eager to kill you," Harry replied darkly, earning a chorus of laughter from the Death Eaters. "So how are we doing this? A proper duel, or do you need your followers here to help?"

"Crucio," Voldemort snarled, and Harry smirked as he leapt aside easily.

"Avis," he cast, conjuring a flock of doves, one of whom caught his next torture curse.

The flock flew towards Voldemort, the razor-sharp teeth they shouldn't have had ready to tear into his flesh, and he slashed his wand across them, a wall of fire engulfing the lot and blocking his view for just a moment.

"Avada Kedavra!" Harry hissed, and more than a few exclamations of shock erupted from crowd, as their master was forced to hurl a nearby chair in the path of the green curse.

Casting an unforgivable in front of witnesses was generally a bad idea, but knowing what backup was coming, Harry didn't plan to let any of those witnesses escape here alive.

"This isn't right," Ron grumbled mentally as he dragged his feet, following along as the professors led the terrified crowd of students towards Dumbledore's office. "We left him to die. Even if he can do weird dark magic, and Merlin knows when the bloody hell he learned that, he's still no match for that monster alone."

"This isn't right," he muttered under his breath, looking to Dean and Seamus.

"I agree, but what can we do?" Neville asked quietly, having overheard him. "We're just fourth years."

"So's he," Dean countered, slowing down enough to get closer to the others. "We could distract them, maybe lure some of them through that dark fire thing."

"How's he even learn to do dark magic anyway?" Seamus asked, furrowing his brow. "Is that spell even legal?"

"Keep moving," McGonagall ordered. "Once we get to Professor Dumbledore's office, each of you will pick up a handful of floo powder and clearly say 'The Ministry of Magic Atrium' as you walk into the fire."

"Aye," Hagrid muttered, holding Anthony's body in his arms. "Then we'll be able to get Professor Dumbledore back. Ruddy cowards will regret this when he gets here."

They had reached the second floor and were closing in on the gargoyle that would let them into Dumbledore's office. Ron knew that the moment he entered that tower, it would be too late to do anything, and, realizing that he was surrounded by people taller than himself, having fallen back to where the seventh years were, he thought that he might actually be able to slip away unnoticed.

As they passed by one of the multiple portraits of Basil Fronsac in the school, he noticed that the door to one of the classrooms had been left open and, hoping it would work, he slipped inside, going still as soon as he was out of sight. His heart hammering in his chest, he nearly screamed when Neville, Dean, and Seamus joined him. The four of them just stared at each other in silent shock, as though each one couldn't believe that they'd done what they just did, much less seemingly gotten away with it.

"Are you nuts?" Seamus hissed under his breath as the last of the crowd passed them.

"Apparently we all are," Dean muttered.

"I'm not leaving Harry alone here!" Ron hissed, guilty tears stinging his eyes. "I was a shite friend to him when he needed me. The least I owe him is trying to save his arse now."

"And how exactly are we to do that?" Seamus muttered. "We can't fight Death Eaters."

"Maybe we can do what Dean suggested and try to lure them through the fire," Neville said. "They're psychos, all of them, and if we insult them, at least the dumbest ones might rush in."

"Well, whatever we're doing, we're going to need to figure it out quickly, because we're alone now," Seamus groaned as he poked his head out and saw that the crowd had moved on.

"Maybe the ghosts could help somehow," Ron mused. "We're not far from Myrtle's bathroom, and she's always had a thing for Harry. Goodness knows she owes Voldemort one."

"Huh?" Dean asked as the four of them left the classroom and made their way towards the notoriously angry ghost's bathroom.

"He killed her back in the forties and…" Ron went to reply as he turned the corner, only to halt in his tracks at what he saw.

"Well, well, what have we here?" Bellatrix cackled.

"Oh, shit!" Neville exclaimed.

"Rias...Gremory," Luna panted as she sat down on a chair the room was nice enough to conjure for her, the summoning paper held firmly in her hand.

A crimson ritual circle appeared in front of her, and a moment later, Rias appeared, wearing nothing but a film of bubbles, having clearly just been in a bath.

"Luna, I said I'd be availab...what's wrong?!" Rias asked, growing concerned as she saw just how out of it Luna looked.

"Voldemort's in the castle," Luna replied.

"What?!" Rias exclaimed.

"AHH!" Malfoy screamed as he crawled into the room, a collar around his neck connected to a leash that a furious Hermione was holding and shocking him through.

"Keep crawling!" the brunette growled.

"Voldemort's here?" Rias asked.

"He is," Hermione replied. "Harry's holding him off, but he needs help."

Rias, after drying and dressing herself with a wave of her hand, pulled out more summoning papers and exclaimed, "Akeno Himejima, Koneko Toujou, and Kiba Yuuto!"

Her peerage appeared before her quickly, and they all looked in shock at the scene that greeted them.

"What's wrong?" Kiba asked, seeing Rias look more scared than she could ever remember seeing her.

"Who's he?" Akeno asked, her eyes drawn to the oddly familiar-looking blonde boy who Hermione had leashed.

"Voldemort's managed to get into the castle and is fighting Harry," Rias replied, and Akeno's eyes darted right to her.

"This piece of shit seems to have helped him," Hermione replied, "and he also claims to have fed Voldemort the information about how to find my parents."

"It might be worth...questioning him," Akeno suggested, looking down at him malevolently.

"If we're quick," Rias muttered.

"Fuck...you," Malfoy spat. "Who the hell are you people?"

"Hell is right," Akeno glared, "and don't tempt me. I have a horsecock strap-on that I don't think you'd like much, at least at first."

Before Malfoy could even begin to respond to that, bat-like wings sprung from the raven-haired girl's back, and she sent a torrent of lightning at his prone form. He screamed in agony as pain worse than anything he'd ever imagined, much less felt in his life, assaulted his entire body. The electrical shocks that Granger managed to send to him through the leash she'd conjured seemed like a pleasant caress by comparison, and the second it began, he knew that he'd do anything to make it stop.

The pain went on for seconds, though it felt like hours, and the moment the devil torturing him eased up, he spilled his guts, telling them everything he knew. He told them about how Voldemort said that Harry killed his father and promised him his head if he helped him. He told them about the vanishing cabinet and how its pair was in his family's manor, and he even told them about the strange, large snake he'd seen there with his aunt and mother the last time he visited.

"Nagini," Hermione breathed. "That has to be her."

"We need to get to the Great Hall," Rias declared. "Luna, are you okay?"

"So tired," Luna replied, sounding like she was moments from nodding off.

"She overtaxed herself," Hermione explained.

Rias nodded and called forth her familiar. "Take her to my room in Kuoh and tuck her in. Hermione, you should go with them. Let us handle the Death Eaters."

"No," Hermione replied.

"This fight is beyond you," Akeno insisted.

"I don't doubt that, but that's not why I can't go," Hermione replied. "Nagini is the one horcrux we couldn't reach before, and now we have a good idea where she is. If I deal with her while you go to the Great Hall, then all we'll have to do once you've dealt with Voldemort is take Harry back to the Underworld, and that will be that. I have the dagger Harry gave me, and you know that will do the job."

"That is way too dangerous," Rias muttered. "How would you even get close enough to stab her without getting bitten?"

"I wouldn't," Hermione replied coldly, looking down at Malfoy's still-twitching form. She had vanished the leash and collar just before Akeno started torturing him, but she had a far more powerful leash in mind just then. Pointing her wand at him, she cast, "Imperio."

"Oh, that would work," Rias chuckled.

"With the map and cloak, I can avoid everyone else and sneak into his dorm room," Hermione explained. "Just save Harry."

"He said his aunt was also sent to look for Harry," Akeno pointed out.

"Yes," Hermione replied, looking down at the map only to freeze in horror at what she saw. "Oh no. She's on the second floor, but she isn't alone. They..."

"I'llsave them," Koneko offered, sniffing Malfoy. "She'll smell enough like him for me to find her even if she'd moved."

"Memorize the map and meet us down in the Great Hall once she's dead," Rias commanded. "Now, let's go save Harry."

The devils flew off, leaving Hermione alone with Malfoy. Luna had already gone, which meant that control of the room slipped to her, and as the brunette glared down at the boy who had gotten her parents and her friend's father killed, she found herself wishing that she had a faster way down to the dungeons. She wasn't particularly looking forward to the long, winding trek through seven floors of stairs that she was in for, and as that thought popped into her head, a door appeared next to her.

"Oh, right," Hermione thought to herself, having forgotten that the Room could actually conjure doors to other parts of the castle.

It was something that they had done only once before, when they needed to grab Harry's cloak to hide Rias as they checked on him in the hospital wing after his fight with Crouch. In the months since, they hadn't had any reason to, and she had actually forgotten that the Room could do it. Opening the door, she found a simple yet ornately decorated room with a comfortable single bed fitted with green sheets, an expensive-looking trunk, and a very distinct cabinet.

"Dobby?" Hermione called.

"Harry Potter's Hermione is calling Dobby?" Dobby asked. "Why is bad master's son here?"

"Not important," Hermione replied. "I need you to grab my things, as well as Luna's and Harry's, and bring them to Grimmauld Place. Do the same with Crookshanks and our owls too while you're at it. We're likely going to need to move quickly soon enough. Once you're done with that, please return here and have the room reopen this door. I'm going to need it."

"Is something wrong?" Dobby asked.

"Let's just say that time is of the essence," Hermione replied. "Harry needs our help."

"Okay, then Dobby can do it," Dobby replied before disappearing.

Steeling herself, Hermione forced Malfoy to walk through the door and carefully fished her basilisk venom-imbued dagger out of her mokeskin pouch before joining him.

If they were alone, Voldemort didn't think that he'd have been able to resist the urge to demand that his prophesied nemesis tell him how he'd become so powerful. He couldn't show such weakness in front of his followers, but the question burned in his mind as he strafed aside in the air, dodging the organ-rupturing curse that Harry had sent at him. He sent a pair of bone-breakers at him, only for Harry to do the same, because of course he could bloody fly too.

"The sniveling brat whom I met back in ninety-one didn't show the faintest hint of this kind of potential," he grumbled mentally, slashing his wand across the sky and sending a wave of cursed, purple fire his way, a creation of Dolohov's that he found particularly fun to use, given how good it was for melting people's organs.

Harry dispelled the curse with a wave of his wand and began slashing back and forth through the air as he hissed, "Sectumsempra."

Voldemort flew out of the way and sent another killing curse at him, which he blocked with a conjured metal shield. It exploded, and Potter sent the shards flying at him, forcing him to vanish them. The two of them circled each other in the air, and Voldemort would have laughed at the sheer destruction that had been rained down on the Great Hall if his foe wasn't still breathing. His followers were still crowded around on the ground, unable to get through Potter's barrier, and stuck defending themselves from the odd stray curse.

"Snape will pay dearly for his treason once I'm done with you," the Dark Lord promised.

"Snape?" Harry asked, cocking an eyebrow. "Go ahead. Given what the prick did all those years ago, it would almost be worth dying."

Voldemort laughed at that, saying, "You hate the man and use his spell regardless?"

"Huh?" Harry asked, confused.

"Sectumsempra," Voldemort hissed, trying to slash his foes apart, only to growl in frustration as Potter dodged it effortlessly.

"Avada Kedavra!" Harry bellowed, and Voldemort was forced to fly out of its way. "That was Snape's? I found it in a book belonging to someone who called themselves the Half-Blood Prince."

"I hadn't known of the moniker, but it makes sense, given that he was a half-blood," Voldemort replied, already referring to the soon-to-be dead man in the past tense, "and his mother was of the Prince family."

"You knew that and let him join your ranks anyway?" Harry asked.

"Snape isn't a wizarding name, fool; of course I knew," Voldemort scoffed. "He had his uses, though they've long since expired."

"Well, at least he grew out of using his ridiculous school-age nickname," Harry snarked, and Voldemort snarled, sending a volley of deadly spells his way that he either dodged or swatted.

"Well, this place isn't gaudy at all," Hermione thought to herself as she forced Malfoy to walk through the halls of his family home.

She had disillusioned the blonde boy and silenced his feet, ensuring that he could walk about undetected. He was keyed into the wards, and she doubted that his mother had set up anything that might get in her way, but there was a chance that the older woman might be home or that they might have acquired some new, unfortunate house elf. She really hoped that his mother wasn't home, not particularly wanting to get a look at the woman whose child she was likely puppeting to his death.

He had told his master what he overheard her parents say to Xenophilius when he reported that she and Luna were Harry's best friends, knowing that they would almost certainly be harmed. Under torture, he revealed that that had actually been his hope and that he'd reveled in it until he realized that Harry had survived the trap. Draco Malfoy was a monster that she was going to put down, but he had a mother who was going to mourn him, and that was something that would be easier to put out of her mind if she didn't see her.

As he walked through the large, ornate manor, Hermione noted that the black tiles of the floor and dark wood paneling gave it an almost gloomy look, something that she figured was his mother's influence on it. It didn't look quite as dour as Harry's descriptions made Grimmauld Place sound, but there were certain similarities between what he'd spoken about, what she saw through her puppet's eyes. Coming across the drawing room, she spotted the large, ornate fireplace at its center, with a high-backed chair that looked like it hadn't been sat in in a while.

"A room fit for someone who wants everyone who visits to know just how rich and important he is," she grumbled mentally as she looked around.

A house elf popped into the room as she stood there, and Malfoy froze; not even breathing as the small, pink creature began fretting over the fireplace.

"The mistress will want this lit for her return," the female elf quavered, levitating new wood into the fireplace and setting it aflame with a wave of her hand. "Bad Milly for waiting so long."

She reached towards the fire, and Hermione's heart leapt into her throat, fearing that the elf might burn herself as punishment, but it turned out that she was just looking to direct the fire further back into the fireplace, and she quickly popped out of the room once she was done. Malfoy took a breath, and Hermione realized, to her surprise, just how close he'd come to actually asphyxiating himself just then.

The Imperius Curse was a terrible thing, one far more dangerous than people usually realized. A thrall under one's command was under their total control. That didn't just mean that they would obey orders without question, but that they outright did whatever one wanted. An imperiused thrall would hold their hand on a hot stove until it sizzled without blinking, jump off a cliff without hesitation, or even just stop breathing if that was what the one controlling them wanted. Doing such things might provoke them to resist, but Malfoy seemed to have little to no willpower in that regard.

"Just another way in which he's inferior to Harry," she thought to herself.

She was just about to make him turn around and search another room when a hiss made her freeze again. Snakes were cold-blooded creatures and would seek out sources of warmth naturally. Malfoy Manor wasn't cold, and given that it was late June, that wasn't surprising at all, but apparently England in June wasn't sufficient for Nagini, who slithered into the room and made a beeline for the fireplace.

"Holy shit!" Hermione exclaimed in her mind.

She wasn't the basilisk, but Nagini was easily the second-largest snake Hermione had ever seen and thus the largest she'd ever seen live and in person. She was around twelve feet long, and the thickest parts of her were thicker than the brunette's thighs. Forest green, there was a beauty to her scales that Hermione thought would make a lovely pair of boots.

Malfoy stepped around her carefully, wanting to approach from behind and stab her in the tail with the dagger. Basilisk venom was the most dangerous substance in the world, and she knew that it would take only a single wound to not only kill the snake but destroy the horcrux within her. She was just about to reach for the dagger, carefully contained in a leather sheath Hermione had conjured and strapped to his belt, when Nagini's head jerked up and she hissed at the air.

"Oh, shit," Hermione sighed in her mind as she realized her mistake.

She had made Malfoy invisible and silenced his shoes, but she'd done nothing to hide his smell, and while he didn't stink or anything, a snake's sense of smell was incredible, and they could hunt with it alone. As Nagini pulled her tongue back in, tasting the air, she realized that she wasn't alone and whipped around, glaring right at her hidden assassin. Faster than she thought possible, the snake struck, opening her mouth wide and bringing her long, venomous fangs to bear. She could have likely dodged to the side, but she didn't, choosing instead to catch Nagini's bite with Malfoy's left arm.

Drawing the dagger, she pulled the snake in and plunged it down into her side. She screamed in pain, sounding oddly human, and it took a moment for Hermione to realize that she wasn't hearing the snake but the horcrux. Pulling the blade out as Nagini reared back, she stabbed her again, grinning victoriously as black mist began to spew from the wounds. Nagini bit Malfoy twice more, on the bicep and the neck, before succumbing to her injuries and falling dead.

"What is...ahh!" Milly screamed. "Mistress!"

"Damn it," Malfoy muttered, sheathing the blade and running past the elf, who disappeared to summon his mother.

Hermione thought that she felt him begin to struggle, obeying her commands less readily, though she quickly realized that she was feeling his body weakening. It had been safe to assume that Nagini was venomous, as she doubted that Voldemort would have even considered having a pet snake that wasn't, but it seemed like that venom was more potent than she had anticipated. Forcing Malfoy to run towards the vanishing cabinet, she could just barely hear his mother's shocked exclamation by the time she reached the dead snake. He reached the cabinet quickly and jumped inside, falling on his face as he landed in his room.

"Bombarda," Hermione cast once Malfoy was back in Hogwarts, destroying the cabinet.

A glance at the map showed that Snape had managed to get everyone out of the dungeons by that point, so she didn't care about the noise. She watched the vanishing cabinet explode into a thousand tiny shards with satisfaction before turning to Malfoy and retrieving her dagger. Easing up on the imperius curse, she watched as the boy who had arranged her parents' murder regained control of himself and immediately started shaking in pain from the venom working its way through his body.

"What did you...ahhh," Malfoy cried, curling into a ball. "What did I…"

"Your master's going to die tonight, for good this time," Hermione replied. "We couldn't have done it without you."

"You fucking mudblood!" Malfoy snarled, trying to force his way to his feet, only to fall instead, too weak to do even that.

Hermione felt her stomach twist at the sight but swallowed down her discomfort. The blonde before her had seen too much to be allowed to live, but she couldn't fool herself into thinking that her reasons were that pragmatic.

"He...help me," Malfoy panted, sweating profusely as his condition worsened. "I'll...I'll give you whatever you want."

"I want my parents back, you son of a bitch," Hermione replied coldly, tears streaming down her face as she felt like the last hint of her innocence died.

She had watched enough James Bond movies to know that leaving an enemy to die alone, certain that there was no way he could possibly survive, was stupid, so she didn't. Instead, she just sat there and watched as his breaths grew more and more ragged, and eventually the life left his grey eyes. It was the least she could do for Luna to be able to tell her the next time she saw her that the boy who had taken so much from them was dead. The door to the Room of Requirement appeared next to her just before Malfoy's death rattle ceased, and as she opened it, she was glad that Dobby hadn't checked on her.

A crackling purple spell that he knew would set his whole body on fire if it hit him barreled towards Harry, and he flicked it aside with his wand almost carelessly, sending it shooting towards one of the Death Eaters, who didn't manage to block it in time and began screaming in agony as he caught fire. He ran around the room, chased by some of his comrade, who tried to put him out, and Harry chuckled at it. It wasn't so much the burning Death Eater who amused him, but the fact that, even with this not being the first one who had been caught in the crossfire now, they still had yet to try and join the fray. Voldemort had clearly commanded them to stay out of it before they arrived and they would sooner die than risk his wrath.

"These proud purebloods so utterly terrified of their master that they can't even bring themselves to fight for their lives," he thought to himself. Part of that probably was the fact that Harry had yet to outright target them, but it was still funny.

Across from him, Voldemort was breathing heavily, as was he at this point. The pair of them had been fighting for longer than he could say by now, and though they both had minor cuts or bruises from the shrapnel their attacks had caused to explode around them, neither had yet managed to hit the other directly. Given the kind of magic that they'd been lobbing at each other since the beginning of their fight, he was certain that one hit was all it was going to take.

The two of them flew around the room, their wands a blur as volleys of curses sprung from them. Harry swatted aside what he couldn't dodge and conjured stone shields to absorb what he couldn't afford to touch at all. Voldemort was an extremely aggressive opponent generally, preferring, as the horcrux had told him, to appear like a vengeful god to his enemies, showering them in so much destructive magic that it terrified them into making mistakes. For most opponents that worked, and only the likes of Dumbledore had ever managed to take him on alone and fare well, but Harry had been trained by him and knew well how to handle his onslaught.

Voldemort redirected his flesh-melting curse back him and let out an enraged snarl as he dispelled it with ease. His crimson eyes shining with fury, he hissed, "Glacia Maxima!"

He circled his wand around his shoulders, gathering the icy power of the spell together before unleashing it right at Harry, whose eyes widened as he felt the sheer power his foe had put into it. That spell, even cast at its absolute highest form, was generally dangerous, but not this bad, and he knew that if the icy wind hit him, he'd instantly end up with frostbite.

"Ignis Temptestas," he growled, putting as much power into the firestorm charm as he could.

A circle of fire engulfed him, making him sweat even as an antarctic gale came barreling towards him, and he directed it right at Voldemort's spell. Fire and ice collided in the air, and the entire room trembled at the sheer magical power the two combatants were wielding. The Death Eaters once again sought cover, with Rabastan Lestrange transfiguring the shattered remnants of the tables and benches that had sat there before into a stone shield capable of saving them.

"Just die!" Voldemort shouted, sounding frustrated beyond measure.

"You first," Harry grunted, his arm trembling under the weight of both his spell and Voldemort's.

"As I said, I cannot die," Voldemort cackled.

"Even the sun's going to die someday, you blithering idiot," Harry growled. "Fear it all you like, but its inevitable."

Roaring in rage, Voldemort canceled his own spell and let Harry's flames shoot past him, melting the windows behind him.

"You call that fire?" Voldemort grinned. "This is fire, boy. Pestis Incendium."

Harry sighed, knowing what was coming, and reached into his mokeskin pouch, pulling out a vial of basilisk venom. Fiendfyre was one of the most dangerous spells ever invented, a cursed, dark fire that fed on magic the same way that normal fire fed on oxygen. It was one of the few spells in existence that actively fought the caster the entire time it was in use, seeking to consume them outright. There was a counter-curse to it, but to use it while it was actively being cast would have required him to be significantly more powerful than the caster, and while he had demonstrated pretty well that he was Voldemort's equal, that wouldn't be enough.

"Aquamenti," Harry cast, summoning water that he swirled around his form in a large ring as Voldemort's spell took the shape of a giant basilisk.

"Did Dumbledore not teach you about fiendfyre, Potter?" Voldemort laughed. "Water cannot put it out."

"No, it can't," Harry thought to himself, carefully uncorking the vial.

Voldemort unleashed the fiendfyre on him, and he countered with his water charm, which he knew would slow it only for a moment. A moment was all he needed, though, as he carefully uncorked the vial and levitated it out in front of him. Fiendfyre fed on magic, but basilisk venom destroyed it. It was what made it capable of destroying horcruxes, as it ate through the enchantments that only the killing curse could otherwise.

The strengthening charms on the vials only worked because, for reasons that still weren't quite known to wizards and witches, such charms, when cast on glass, made them oddly resistant to it. Had any of Voldemort's horcruxes been made of glass, he'd have needed the killing curse or the Power of Destruction to get rid of them.

The water slowed the gigantic, superheated basilisk of fire just long enough for Harry to reach out to it with his own magic and take hold. Had he tried to redirect the fire aside, Voldemort would have felt it and resisted, but as he was redirecting it front of him, his foe thought that he was trying to shield against it and was happy to let him attempt something so clearly futile.

The basilisk-shaped fiendfyre was channeled into the open vial of basilisk venom and instantly destroyed as he filled it. Realizing his mistake, Voldemort tried to redirect it away, but it was too late. The burning hot flame was consumed by the venom, and Harry grinned at the frustrated rage on his enemy's face. He realized a moment later, however, that he had forgotten one thing. The vials were enchanted to hold the venom but not to be heat resistant, and he felt the class shatter under the spell, spilling the venom onto the ground below. He had but a moment to react and hurled the venom towards Voldemort with a slash of his wand, catching only the hem of the man's dark robes as he glided aside in fear.

"Ahh!" Voldemort screamed in rage, well aware of how close that had been. "Crucio! Avada Kedavra!"

He aimed the killing curse at Harry's feet and the torture curse at his chest, but Harry flattened his body in the air, gliding between them with the beginnings of a spell already on the tip of his wand.

"Fulmin Maxima!" he exclaimed, arcing a bolt of lightning powerful enough to shatter a tree right at Voldemort's chest.

He hastily shielded against it and stopped the spell, but the force behind it still sent him barreling towards the wall, which he crashed into.

"Master!" several of the Death Eaters shouted, ready to jump into the fray as Harry landed.

He sent a blasting curse at the stone shield they'd been hiding behind, blowing it up and sending many of them reeling before he took aim at Voldemort.

"Avada Kedavra!" he hissed just as Voldemort stood back up.

"Avada Kedavra!" Voldemort hissed in turn, and to both their shocks, the two beams collided in the air and held onto each other.

"What the hell?" Harry asked aloud, as the both of them stared in confusion at the magical phenomenon neither could pull free of.

"Do not interfere!" Voldemort snarled at his followers as he pushed against Harry's magic with all his might.

They were both more tired than they'd like to admit after their fight and fought each other with everything they had, knowing that whoever lost this particular contest would surely die.

"Holy shit, that's Harry!" Akeno exclaimed as they reached the Great Hall. "He's been holding out on us."

"To be fair, neither side has actually been trying to kill the other in our spars," Rias muttered, kneeling by the closed door and hovering her hand over it. "This barrier feels exceptionally dangerous."

"It feels like Harry's magic," Akeno murmured as she examined the blue flame. "You're not wrong, though. Is this a spell he's mentioned to you before?"

"No," Rias replied. "Given how lethal it feels, I'm going to have to break through it. The wards of this place won't let us teleport around in here, and taking them down would likely make things worse, since I imagine Voldemort has reinforcements of some kind outside."

She took a deep breath and summoned forth her power. The Power of Destruction, in the hands of a skilled wielder, could destroy almost anything. There were exceptions, such as that strange stone that let people speak to the dead, but most spells could be undone by it with ease. Rias reached out to the barrier spell and conjured a ball of crimson destruction in her palm, finding a point that would let her destroy both it and the door it was, strangely, leaving unharmed, just in case there were other protections that might slow her down. She unleashed her power and smiled in satisfaction as the barrier spell and the door were both destroyed completely, though as she looked inside, her face quickly fell.

"What the hell even is this?" Harry wondered to himself as he continued to fight against Voldemort's power.

The Dark Lord looked as confused as he was, but even if he hadn't, Harry would have known that he had no idea what he was looking at either, because nothing the Horcrux had ever told him explained it, or so he thought until he recalled something else. His wand and Voldemort's shared cores, each having a feather from the tail of Fawkes. That, he reasoned, could have triggered this, which would mean that they were dealing with Priori Incantatem, just in a form his nemesis had never heard of.

It was certainly dramatic, he had to admit, as their twin beams of emerald death clashed against each other between them, causing golden sparks to fly all around them, until it formed a cage of light surrounding them. The beams struggled against each other, with the point where they met moving back and forth rapidly, but neither managed to gain much ground. He and Voldemort were equals, and the evil prick had truly marked him as such, just as the prophecy had stated. He'd learned all that his Horcrux could teach him and put that knowledge to good use in this fight.

In a fight between such evenly matched foes, the outcome was always likely going to come down to a single mistake that the other could capitalize on. No strategy was ever truly perfect, and the two of them were inevitably going to mess up here or there, but that didn't mean the other would be automatically able to take advantage of it. Voldemort had made the mistake of underestimating him, which had nearly cost him his life early on, but he'd managed to adjust quickly.

Harry in turn had made the mistake of trying to ensure that the Death Eaters couldn't strike at him the second he put Voldemort down and should have taken the first shot at the downed asshole that he could. If he had, perhaps his enemy would already be disembodied. That hadn't been the only mistake that Harry had made, though.

When Luna shared Dumbledore's diary and showed him the passage on protego diabolica, he found it fascinating and started practicing. It wasn't an offensive spell one would use in a duel and thus not a spell that he'd ever shown Rias or Akeno. If he had, they'd have known that they could have walked right through it, no matter how dangerous it felt, but he hadn't and they didn't know that.

The second he felt his spell unravel, it shocked him, and that momentary shock, that moment of distraction, was enough. He caught sight of his beautiful, crimson-haired lover through his peripheral vision; just as his control of his spell slipped and came undone, allowing Voldemort's curse to strike him. His vision was terrible, and he couldn't make out the horror written on her features, but he heard it in her voice as she screamed and everything went black.

And then white.

"What the hell?" he asked as he looked around what looked like King's Cross station, if it had been completely whitewashed. Everything was a perfect, spotless white, like a field of freshly fallen snow, and he looked around in confusion, wondering how exactly he'd gotten here.

"You did a hell of a lot better than I managed against that bastard," a deep voice said behind him. "I'm proud of you, son."

Whipping around, Harry's eyes widened in shock as he took in the sight of his mirror image. He had a slighter build, brown eyes, and looked a few years older, but there was no mistaking who this man was, and his jaw dropped as he realized it.

"D...Dad?" Harry stammered, feeling his heart lurch as he stared at his father.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Apr 29, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:ZealJD, Markuz Black, Fridrich and 338 others
voivode_writer
Apr 29, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 28 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
May 13, 2025
Add bookmark
#657
Gellert Grindelwald had had a lot of time to consider his actions over the past few decades and had not been terribly impressed with the conclusions that he came to. In his zeal to see wizards and witches rise to what he saw as their rightful place in the world, he had sown untold chaos and, in the end, had weakened the very people he sought to elevate. The decades he had spent in isolation had given him plenty of time to assess his folly and, as he watched the battle outside his cell, the first bit of excitement he'd had since the war, all he could see was the same mistakes made again.

"You got old, Albus," he thought to himself as he watched his one-time friend and lover battle what could only be Lord Voldemort.

The snake-like man was powerful, there was no doubt there, but as he watched the duel, he couldn't help but think that he wasn't actually equal to what he had been in his prime, and as that went on, he wondered why Albus hadn't simply put him down yet. He was dangerous, that was certain, and very skilled, but he was no better than the aged wizard he fought with, who almost certainly had declined some in the days since his own initial reign of terror. Something was wrong here, he couldn't help but think, and he doubted that his old friend hadn't come to the same conclusion.

Just as he thought that, he received a visitor at the window of his cell that he hadn't thought about in years, and it took him a moment to even recognize her.

"Vinda?" he asked, his eyes widening as he realized that she must have flown up to him on her broom, despite how clearly wounded she was.

She was bleeding profusely, something that even her black robes couldn't completely conceal, and he sighed as he saw her grasp the bars of his cell with shaky hands.

"My...lord," she whimpered. "I'm sorry."

"Nein, Vinda," Grindelwald sighed, "it is I who am sorry, for so very much."

"My lor…" Vinda went to ask, only to be knocked out cold as she was hit with a stunner, and levitated away by a nearby auror.

Shaking his head, Grindelwald peered out towards Albus and Voldemort, who were moving closer to him as they continued their duel.

"I expected Tom's followers to be a little rusty after all these years, but not him," Dumbledore thought to himself as he conjured a marble shield to catch his foe's latest killing curse.

Transfiguring the shattered pieces into glass hummingbirds, he directed them towards his foe, their razor-sharp beaks more than up to the task of doing him great harm, provided any of them made contact. Voldemort snarled and flew back, destroying the flock as he went, and Dumbledore pursued him. He might not have been able to fly under his own power as his former pupil could, but that didn't mean that he couldn't still fight him.

"This is remarkably sloppy of you, Tom," Dumbledore called out, his wand a blur as he sent a flurry of spells at his foe, who evaded them all.

"I've already won, Dumbledore," Tom chuckled. "Soon you will be dead, and I will reign supreme. Crucio!"

Dumbledore leapt out of the way of the torture curse and sent a pair of bludgeoning hexes back in return. Voldemort swatted them aside with ease but didn't notice the vines that sprung from the earth, catching his ankles. Growling in frustration, he burned them and sent plumes of flames Dumbledore's way, something that he froze with ease.

"He's plainly distracted," the headmaster thought to himself as he shielded against an organ-melting curse. "His spellwork and even his retorts are oddly inept. He's still a cut above most wizards and witches, but this isn't the man I fought against during the war. Did his resurrection go wrong in some way that I hadn't heard about?"

He had yet to plant Severus in Voldemort's inner circle, so his intel on his foe was very limited, and it was possible that he had come back significantly weakened for some reason, something that he could only hope was true for what it mean for the prophecy. As Voldemort flew off towards Gellert's cell at the top of his tower, Dumbledore summoned his broom from his mokeskin pouch and flew after him.

The wards of this place were tied directly to the Elder Wand, which had been under Dumbledore's complete control since the forties, so the chance of Tom freeing his old friend was slim, but he'd learned long ago not to underestimate Tom Riddle. As he pursued the self-styled dark lord, he realized just how poorly this fight had gone for his followers, many of whom had already fallen and been captured by the German aurors. Vinda Rosier and Angus Macduff were the only ones other than Voldemort who had proven themselves truly capable combatants, and the former had already been defeated while the latter was currently fighting Alastor.

"I swear I had nothing to do vith zis, Albus," Gellert called out as he drew near. "I zink something's wrong, zough."

"Ossus fragmen," Voldemort hissed, sending the bone-break right at his chest and forcing him to shield against it. "Avada Kedavra!"

Dumbledore flew out of the way of the killing curse with ease and was about to respond when he felt a sudden shift in his foe's mood. The rage and hatred gave way to confusion and finally fear as he saw a look on the man's serpentine visage that he didn't think he'd seen on his face since he'd first demonstrated magic to him all those years ago.

"What's going o...AHHHH!" Voldemort screamed as he plummeted and Dumbledore didn't even hesitate to save him.

"Arresto momentum," he cast, summoning his wand from his hand a moment later as he pulled him in close. "Incarcerous."

"What's going on? Where am I? Headmaster?" Voldemort asked in confusion, and Dumbledore felt a terrible chill go down his spine as he finally realized just what he was dealing with.

"I'm afraid you've been had, old friend," Gellert muttered. "You'll probably smell ze polyjuice on his breath, I suspect."

"Merlin, no," Dumbledore breathed he finally saw the battlefield around him for what it was.

This wasn't an attempt to free Gellert Grindelwald and use him as a weapon against him, it was a ploy to lure him away from Hogwarts. It explained why the Death Eaters all seemed so sluggish and sloppy, why even Voldemort didn't seem to be the threat that he generally was. Not a single one was actually there in person, and each of the men and women they faced, save for Gellert's old followers, presumably, was a polyjuiced, imperiused puppet.

"He dangled ze one bit of bait zat he knew you could not resist," Gellert sighed. "I'd be impressed if zis vasn't so dire."

"You truly had no idea this was coming?" Dumbledore asked as he carefully lowered the innocent man Tom had been puppeting down to the ground safely, and sent a patronus around the battlefield to warn the the others what they were actually facing.

"Nein," Gellert replied simply. "Zere is von bit of tentatively good news here, zough. Voldemort lost control of his puppet, vhich means zat something very dire has happened to him."

"We can only hope," Dumbledore replied as he reached for his emergency portkey.

"Ze aurors have zis vell in hand, Albus," Gellert nodded. "Good luck."

Dumbledore smiled grimly and nodded as he left, hoping that he wasn't going to be too late to save Harry, who he knew had to be Tom's target.

*****

"Dad?" Harry asked, staring in shock at his father. "Oh my God!"

It wasn't something that he said often anymore, but nothing else came to mind as he saw the man he'd wanted to meet his entire life. He had a single memory of his mother, the memory of her murder, but none of his father. There was no question about who he was, though, and before Harry even realized what he was doing, he was rushing over to him. James hugged him fiercely, tears welling in his eyes as they streamed from his son's.

"How is...oh, shit" Harry muttered as it finally dawned on him just how he was seeing a dead man in the flesh.

"You're not actually dead," James explained. "As far as I can tell, you're just kind of in between, and besides, that girl of yours would bring you back anyway. Speaking of, there is one very important bit of business we need to get to."

"Huh?" Harry asked as his father stepped back.

"Up top," James replied with undo seriousness as he held his hand up and Harry just laughed. "Oh, come on, you can't bag multiple birds of that caliber and not expect me to be impressed as hell. High five your old man, Harry."

Harry did so, remembering that his father had been just twenty-one when he died and probably hadn't matured any since, though neither had Sirius who had reacted much the same way to learning about him and Rias.

"I somehow doubt that we'd be doing this if Mum were here," Harry chuckled. "Where is she, anyway? Could only one of you come meet me here at a ti…"

He trailed off as he watched his father's face fall and felt a pit form in his stomach as he realized that he was about to receive some bad news.

"Harry, that's actually part of why I came here," James replied, his cheerful demeanor disappearing in an instant. "I need your help, son."

*****

Rias watched Harry fall dead in muted shock, too horrified by the sight to even process it for a solid moment. So distracted was she that she didn't notice Voldemort fall at the same time until the Death Eaters reacted in alarm.

"KILL THEM ALL!" she roared, black fury the likes of which she'd never known consuming her.

Holding her hands out in front of her, her tiredness was forgotten for a moment in her anger, and she unleashed the Power of Destruction on her masked foes in a wave of power the likes of which she'd never managed before. A half a dozen of them were atomized before they even realized they were in danger, and horrified screams rang out across the room at the sight of the enraged devils.

"Devils!" Rodulphus Lestrange cried out, raising his wand to them. "Avada KedavAHHH"

He screamed in pain as Kiba, faster than any of them could track, sliced his wand arm right off. His screams didn't last long, though, as his head swiftly followed. His master had ordered him to kill these men, and so he would. He could practically feel the evil rolling off of them in waves, and it reminded him of the men who had so gleefully helped Galilee murder him and his friends. That comparison would do them no favors.

"How the hell did Potter manage to summon devils?" Thaddeus Nott growled as he unleashed a flurry of the darkest curses he knew at the admittedly beautiful dark-haired devil.

"Not really something worth discussing just yet," Antonin Dolohov muttered as he lobbed his favorite organ-melting curse at the crimson-haired one, only to growl in rage as she dispelled it with a wave of her hand. "Dispel this, bitch. Avada Kedavra."

He watched the green curse fly towards her only for it to be engulfed in a wave of crimson that stopped it in its tracks. The killing curse was a perfect manifestation of murderous intent, a spell so pure and powerful that no other spell could block it. That apparently wasn't true of whatever that horrifying crimson energy was, as it didn't just block the curse but destroyed it completely. Normally, he'd have asked Rookwood how that was possible, but he couldn't exactly do that in the middle of a battle, and as he heard the men scream in agony a moment later, his body burned to an unrecognizable crisp by lightning, he knew that he'd never get that answer.

The Death Eaters fought as best they could, trying to score a hit of any kind on the devils, but between the crimson-haired one's ability to destroy their spells, the dark-haired one's ability to block nearly anything that got past her while frying them to a crisp at will, and the frightfully quick, sword-wielding boy's ability to pick them off one by one, they all quickly realized that they were completely outmatched. Dolohov looked to their fallen master, hoping more than anything that he would wake up and help them, since he, at least, could match the power on display here, but when he saw his lord's arms and legs disappear, consumed by crimson destruction, he despaired. His lord had done as he set out to do: he had killed Harry Potter, and it appeared that they were all going to pay for that with their lives.

Rias watched with grim satisfaction as her foes fell one by one, continuing to defend against their magic so Akeno and Kiba could kill them without risk. When their ranks had been thinned enough that she figured her queen and knight could handle the rest on her own, she flew towards Harry, intending to push a pawn into his chest while she still had time, only to freeze when she felt something from him that she hadn't expected.

"He's alive," she thought to herself, smiling widely down at him.

*****


"What do you need my help with?" Harry asked and James sighed.

"To answer that, I need to tell you about the last months of your mother's and my lives," he replied. "We were overjoyed when we learned that we were having you. The timing wasn't exactly ideal, and I worried about having a child in the middle of a war, but the simple fact was that either one of us could have died every time we left the house even before he-who-must-not…"

"Just call him Tom," Harry cut him off.

"Even before Tom started targeting us directly," James continued. "Bringing you into the world, even if it was still a pile of flaming shit at that point, was the happiest moment of our lives, and we both hoped with all that we had that that dreadful time would end soon so that you could grow up in peace. That wasn't meant to be, though."

"Because of the prophecy," Harry scowled.

"We were horrified when Albus told us," James sighed, "especially once we learned that h...Tom had learned part of it. We knew at once that we had to go into hiding, as did the Longbottoms, as their son was also a potential candidate."

"Right," Harry nodded.

"Your mother...you have to understand that I grew up in the Wizarding World in the sixties, born to parents who lived through the great war," James said. "To me, and to so many of us, Albus Dumbledore was almost a messiah figure, the one who had ended the threat of Grindelwald and restored peace to the world. Your mother, though, grew up in a different world, and though she came to respect our headmaster a great deal, she didn't have the same degree of reverence that I did. She agreed with the plan to hide away under the Fidelius charm because she couldn't think of anything better, but in the weeks leading up to our going into hiding, she looked for any solution she could find."

"Like what?" Harry asked.

"That was my question," James muttered. "Dumbledore himself couldn't put the dark prick down, so what could we do? She didn't give me an answer because she didn't have one, but she kept looking and looking, and eventually she ended up borrowing a very particular book from Pandora Lovegood."

"Oh no," Harry thought to himself as he realized where this was going.

*****

"AHHH!" Neville screamed as every nerve in his body was set on fire by Bellatrix's curse.

"You scream as beautifully as your parents did," Bellatrix giggled. "Such lovely music."

"Stop it, you crazy bitch!" Seamus screamed from where he was bound to the wall between Dean and Ron.

"You can make me stop anytime by telling me where Harry Potter is," Bellatrix lied.

"We already told you!" Ron exclaimed, tears streaming down his face as the guilt of having dragged his friends into this set in. "He's in the Great Hall!"

"Stop lying!" Bellatrix hissed, ending her curse for a moment and raising her wand to Ron. "My lord would have summoned me back if Potter had shown up!"

"Maybe he just isn't that into you," a flat female voice said, and Bellatrix whipped around to face the newcomer.

"What the fuck?" Dean asked, furrowing his brow in confusion as he wondered if he'd begun going mad.

Standing a few feet away from them was a short, thin, white-haired girl with cat's ears and a tail. Her eyes were golden and looked bored more than anything, which was frankly even stranger than the cat features, given who she was standing near.

"Run!" Ron shouted, wondering if this girl had suffered a Polyjuice accident like Hermione had back in their second year.

"Who are you?" Bellatrix asked as Neville opened his eyes and tried to force his twitching form to roll onto his front so he could push himself up. He looked at the catgirl and would have begged her to leave if he could speak.

"That doesn't matter," the cat girl replied in her monotone voice as she walked closer. "My master has tasked me with saving these fools from you. Put down your wand or be disarmed."

"I'd like to see you try, little girl," Bellatrix giggled. "CruciAHHH!"

Bellatrix shrieked in pain as, faster than any of them could blink, the girl grabbed her wand arm and ripped it clean out of the socket. The three boys hanging on the wall were sprayed with blood as she jerked around, seemingly as shocked as they were by what had happened. The cat girl hit her upside the head with her severed arm so hard that it knocked out some of her teeth, and she fell to the ground in a heap.

Neville struggled to push himself up and ended up settling for curling up and watching the violent display in muted shock. As he took in the sight of the small cat girl beating Bellatrix Lestrange, the woman who tortured his parents into insanity, to death with her own arm, he felt a sense of vengeful satisfaction that he hoped wouldn't have any lasting effects on his psyche. Years from then, when he'd ask his wife, Hannah Abbott, to let him transfigure cat ears and a tail on her in bed, she'd wonder why but agree without complaint.

*****

"It was the devil book, wasn't it?" Harry asked.

"It was," James nodded grimly. "She didn't have it for long, as we had to go into hiding not long after she spoke to Pandora about it, but she copied out a couple pages of it and took them with her. I don't know who she summoned, and I didn't even know what she was doing because she didn't tell me, but I know that she summoned a devil."

"The devil energy signature that Ajuka noticed!" Harry exclaimed, snapping his fingers. "That had to be from whoever she summoned."

"Quite likely, because whatever that devil did, I think that's what saved you back then," James replied, "but it wasn't without cost."

"What did she offer?" Harry asked, bracing himself for what couldn't be a good answer.

"I don't know, but…" James trailed off, looking stricken. "She's not here."

"No," Harry breathed. "Oh, Merlin, I…"

"It's not your fault!" James exclaimed. "That madman came after us, and there's nothing that the two of us wouldn't have done to protect you. You'll understand when you have your own kids someday, but...with the contacts you have, you'll be able to find out what's happened to her. You're dating the devil king's little sister, right? Surely he could order whoever took her soul to let her go!"

Harry reeled, stepping backward, and sat down on the nearest bench he could find, burying his face in his hands.

"I'll do it," Harry vowed, running his hands through his hair as he wondered if he'd ever stop finding him drifting from nightmare to nightmare. "Whatever it takes, whoever I have to fight, I'll save her soul."

"Thank you, Harry," James sighed, sounding relieved, "but hopefully it won't come to that. This Sirzechs…"

"Theoretically, he should be able to work out a deal with whoever has her, but since when have things in my life gone smoothly?" Harry asked. "Fuck, I still have a horcrux to track down and destroy before I'll be rid of Voldemort for good."

"The one in your scar is likely gone," James mused. When Harry looked up at him curiously, he explained, "The devil's protection saved you from the first killing curse, but I doubt it did this one."

"The soul shard took it instead," Harry nodded. "That makes sense. Good bloody riddance."

"I'm sorry to burden you with this, son," James sighed, "but there was no one else I could turn to."

"She's my mother," Harry scoffed, "and she put herself in this position to save me. This is a burden I'd take up no matter what, and I'd have been pissed if I found out down the line instead of from you."

"You've become a good man, Harry," James smiled, "one that I am very proud of."

Harry stood up and hugged him again, fully aware of the fact that this was likely the last time he'd ever get the chance.

"Tell Padfoot I forgive him," James whispered, "and tell Moony to lighten the hell up. He's looking bloody old."

"We both know he won't listen," Harry replied, and they just chuckled.

"I love you, Harry," James said, his voice thick with emotion, and Harry felt his eyes well up again.

"I love you too," he whispered, not trusting his voice. "I'll get her back. I swear it!"

The train arrived then, and James just sighed, looking at him sadly.

"My ride's here," he sighed. "Please don't let it be yours for a long while. You have a lot of women who would miss you terribly."

"I'll do my best," Harry replied. "Goodbye."

"Goodbye, Harry," James smiled sadly, "and good luck."

Harry stood there, watching his father board the train, and wept bitterly as he watched it leave. He wished that he could just stand there and process any of what had just happened, but he felt himself being pulled back to the land of the living, and knew that he had a dark lord to deal with. He might not have been able to kill him yet, but capturing him and imprisoning him in the underworld sounded great just then.

*****

"Harry!" Rias exclaimed as he sat up, wrapping her arms around him tightly.

"Rias, wait, there…" Harry went to say, only to look around at the sheer carnage surrounding him.

The last of the Death Eaters were being turned to charred husks by Akeno just then, too far gone to even scream. Corpses littered the Great Hall, both whole and heavily dismembered, and Harry wondered for a moment if that was the result of Rias' magic until he saw Kiba standing there, cleaning his sword. That explained the blood splatter everywhere.

"I guess they were no match for you," he chuckled.

"They weren't," Rias confirmed. "I even ensured that Voldemort won't be able to hurt you again."

Harry looked over to where she was pointing and burst out laughing at the sight of the armless, legless Dark Lord. He would make an easy enough prisoner to hold in that state, which would allow them to hunt down and kill Nagini. His laughter seemed to rouse his nemesis, who opened his eyes and screamed in rage.

"Morning Tom," he mockingly as he stood up. "Sleep well?"

"Potter, I…" Voldemort snarled, before his crimson eyes went wide at the sight of Rias. "Devils? But I…"

"Yeah, I don't know what the fuck a Baraqiel is, but that wasn't what I sought help from," Harry grinned. "I turned to the devils, and they…"

"Baraqiel?!" Akeno exclaimed, flying over to them.

"Uh, yeah," Harry replied, confused by the sudden anger from her. "That's apparently what Voldemort thought I had allied with. I don't know why, or what that even is, but…"

"He's a fallen angel," Akeno replied as Rias took her hand comfortingly. "I'll explain later."

"Okay," Harry replied, furrowing his brow in confusion. "Hello, Kiba, you're looking well."

"The lightning, it...I was sure…" Voldemort babbled.

"I understand you were there...that night," Kiba replied. "Thank you."

"I didn't really do much," Harry replied. "Harry Potter."

"Kiba Yuuto," Kiba nodded.

"Stop ignoring me!" Voldemort snarled. "I don't care what you've allied with, Potter! I will find a new body, and I will destroy you if it is the last thing I…"

"You're not leaving this one," Harry spat. "I'm taking you to the Underworld and keeping you prisoner, and then once I've dealt with…"

"Nagini's dead," Hermione announced as she stepped through a door he was certain hadn't been there a moment earlier. Sure enough, it disappeared the moment it closed.

"What?" Harry asked.

"What?!" Voldemort raged.

"Well done," Rias nodded.

"It's a long story, but the basilisk venom dagger did the trick," Hermione replied. "Oh, fuck!"

She hadn't had a chance to look around before then, and as she saw the brutalized corpses around her, she felt her stomach lurch. Watching Malfoy die had been bad enough, but it hadn't been quite this bad, and, to her horror, she threw up. Akeno pulled her hair back with a wave of her hand and went over to comfort her.

"The crazy bitch is dead, and I sent the students she was torturing on their way," Koneko announced as she entered. "Who's the new recruit?"

She was pointing at Hermione, referring to her inability to keep her lunch down around dead bodies.

"We'll introduce everyone later," Rias replied. Turning to Harry, she said, "Is the horcrux in your scar gone? Because if so, he's effectively mortal."

"Wha...wha?" Voldemort spluttered, feeling fear overtake him for the first time in a long time.

"It is," Harry confirmed, grinning down at Voldemort. "His killing curse took care of it, which means that they're all gone."

"That's not possible!" Voldemort exclaimed.

"Nagini, the diary, the ring, the diadem, the cup, and my scar; the one you never intended to make," Harry listed them off, intentionally leaving one out. "They've all been destroyed now, which means that your next death will be your last."

He watched terror flash in Voldemort's eyes, followed by a sliver of hope that he couldn't fully hide as he realized that Harry hadn't mentioned one of them. Harry let him feel that spark of hope for a moment before adding, "Oh yeah, and the locket."

"Wait, no!" Voldemort screamed as Harry pointed his wand right at his head. His blasting curse, overpowered by his rage at the man who had forced his mother to sell her very soul, hit him hard, and his head exploded, sending skull fragments, and bits of pulverized brain in every direction.

"Sorry, Mione," he winced as he saw the brunette turn even greener.

"No, it's okay" Hermione croaked. "It's…"

"What in the world?" Dumbledore asked he walked in, his wand in his hand and his blue eyes wide as he took in the carnage.

"Fuck," Harry thought to himself. As he saw Dumbledore raise his wand to Rias, having spotted her devil wings, he acted without thinking and cast "Expelliarmus."

Never in a million years would he have expected to successfully disarm Albus Dumbledore of all wizards, but between the man's shock at the scene he found and the fact that he didn't expect Harry to raise his wand to him, he was caught off guard and his knotted wand flew into Harry's hand.

"Harry?" he asked, staring at him in shock.

"Hello, Headmaster," Harry grimaced. "Voldemort's dead, his horcruxes have all been destroyed, including the one in my head, and his Death Eaters are gone too. This is Rias Gremory, the devil without whose help I wouldn't be able to say any of that."

Dumbledore just blinked, looking more confused and baffled than he'd ever seen him before. "Harry, how did you even...wait, your scar?"

"I know you know about that, and I don't honestly blame you for not telling me, but I found a solution, and it worked," Harry replied, lying a little about the solution part. "Voldemort had made six horcruxes knowingly, the first of which was the diary, and we've dealt with all of them. When I killed him just now, there was no shade that rose from his body. He's gone, sir; it's over."

Dumbledore looked like he was about to reply when a sudden overwhelming presence made all of them go still. A familiar-looking crimson summoning circle appeared between them, and a moment later, Sirzechs appeared.

"Hello," he said warmly as he looked around. "Oh, it seems I missed the excitement."

"I asked you to come mostly for diplomatic reasons," Rias clarified, nudging her head over towards Dumbledore, whose second wand had slipped from his sleeve.

"It seems your castle's defenses were breached by your enemies," Sirzechs observed. "Luckily my sister and her peerage were on hand to deal with them. Were there any unfortunate casualties?"

"Anthony Goldstein was killed," Harry replied and Dumbledore faltered slightly at that. "Hermione, Luna, and I managed to get the others out. They used your floo port to escape."

"I thank you for that, but if word were to spread of the...allies you made to accomplish this," Dumbledore muttered, already imagining what a political headache it would be deal with.

"That's not something that I'm going to have to worry about," Harry replied. "I'm going to be moving to Japan this summer."

"Japan?!" Dumbledore exclaimed.

"My home," Rias replied, taking his hand. "He and I have grown quite close."

"I...am very sorry to hear that," Dumbledore spluttered, reeling.

"Luna and I will be moving too," Hermione replied. "We've loved it here, really, but I think it's time for a change."

"Are you sure that you've thought this thr…" Dumbledore went to ask, only to still as a sudden chill spread through the Great Hall. "Dementors! Expecto Patronum."

"Oh, please don't," Sirzechs smiled, raising his hand calmingly. "I've wanted to deal with these things for a while, but there was just never time."

"Why?" Harry asked, his own wand ready to conjure a patronus if needed.

"Hades created them long ago but grew bored with the project and abandoned them on Earth," Sirzechs replied. "When I pointed out what harm they could cause, he said if I cared so much, I could destroy them myself."

"They can't be killed, though," Hermione pointed out, and Sirzechs just smiled coolly before stretching out his right hand.

The Dementors flew in through the ruined windows, seeming intent on going after the Satan in particular, and he just smiled more as a ball of crimson energy more powerful than anything Harry had ever felt formed in his palm. Dumbledore kept his patronus ready, flying it around Harry and Hermione protectively, but it turned out not to be needed at all. They watched in shock as the Dementors were enveloped by the Power of Destruction and quickly faded out of existence. The whole process took mere moments, and at the end of it, the cold that their mere presence had caused disappeared.

"Merlin," Dumbledore breathed, sounding awed.

"Well, that's that," Sirzechs smiled. "Is there anything you need to get before we go?"

"No," Hermione replied before he could. "I had Dobby gather our things and bring them to Grimmauld Place."

"Alright, well then, we'll be going," Harry nodded, looking to Dumbledore, who just sighed.

"I am, despite everything, happier than I can say that you managed to defeat Voldemort so readily and even remove the horcrux safely," Dumbledore said.

"Wait, you did?" Sirzechs asked.

"Yeah, I'll explain later," Harry replied.

"I cannot approve of your methods and I have no idea what I'm going to tell the ministry or the press, but given all the countless lives you've saved today, rest assured that it won't be the truth," Dumbledore continued. "If you wish to move, I can't stop you, but just know that you will always be welcome in this castle for as long as I am headmaster here."

"Thank you, Professor," Harry smiled. "Until we meet again."

"Until we meet again," Dumbleore replied. "You too, Miss Granger."

"Goodbye, Professor," Hermione nodded.

With that, they gathered together with Sirzechs, who teleported them all out. Dumbledore watched them go with a heavy heart, still grappling with everything that he'd just learned, and it was only after they'd left that he remembered one very pertinent detail.

"He has the Elder Wand!" he exclaimed mentally, burying his face in his hands.

"Freeze!" an auror shouted as he and a few dozen others barreled into the room, coming to a shocked halt the moment they saw the state of the Great Hall.

"Albus?" Amelia Bones asked. "What in the world…"

Dumbledore could only stroke his beard, wondering what the hell he was going to say.

*****

"Where are we?" Hermione asked as she looked around the very richly decorated anteroom they appeared in.

"With your leave, I'm going to check on Luna and get these two back," Akeno suggested, looking at Rias.

"Yes, please," Rias replied, watching Akeno teleport herself, Kiba, and Koneko back to Kuoh.

"My palace," Sirzechs replied to Hermione. "We haven't met yet. I am Sirzechs Lucifer."

"Hermione Granger," Hermione replied, paling as she recalled that this man had just wiped out the Dementors with ease. Seeing Harry sit down in the nearest chair and bury his face in his hands, looking oddly deflated for someone who had just defeated his greatest enemy, she asked, "What did I miss?"

"I died," Harry replied, "or sort of, anyway. I met my dad, and we had a long talk."

"I'm sorry, you died?" Hermione asked, barely hearing anything after that part.

"Killing curse; usually does the trick," Harry replied dryly, "except where I'm involved, anyway. It destroyed the horcrux in my scar."

"If we had known it was that easy…" Sirzechs muttered. "I removed the one in the diadem without damaging it, by the way. I was going to reach out to Rias later today, actually."

"Luna will appreciate that," Hermione mused.

"You don't look like someone who got to speak with their father for the first time in your life," Rias frowned. "What's wrong?"

"Sirzechs, if a devil had...taken a soul, could you get it back from them?" Harry asked.

"Your mother?" Hermione asked, looking utterly horrified.

"Yeah," Harry replied, feeling guilt on a level he'd never known. "She summoned a devil when my life was threatened and seems to have offered her soul in exchange for my protection."

"That's...troubling," Sirzechs muttered, scratching his chin. "It's horrifying, of course, and I'll do all that I can to help with this, but very few devils actually take souls anymore. Do you have any idea who she might have summoned?"

"I can answer that," Ajuka replied as he walked in. "I think I arrived just after you left, old friend. The devil who left their mark on Harry was Rizevim."

"Oh no," Sirzechs muttered, looking down.

"Rizevim?" Harry asked.

"Rizevim Livan Lucifer," Sirzechs replied, making Rias' eyes go wide, "natural son of the original Lucifer and Lilith."

"Wait, he's...the Lucifer's son?" Harry asked, feeling his heart sink.

"He is," Ajuka replied, sounding more dour than usual. "When Lucifer first rebelled against the Tyrant, he found a most willing accomplice in Lilith. She, who had been scorned by Adam for daring to have a mind and a will of her own and whom the Tyrant had sided against, came to loathe him and wanted revenge. She agreed to Lucifer's proposal that she would birth the army he would create with the pages stolen from the Book of Creation but on one condition: once the seeds of his army had been planted, he would give her a son that was just theirs, made without the book, and so, after the founders of the pillars were created, she bore the seventy-third devil, Rizevim."

"So he's ancient," Harry mused numbly, as Hermione rested her hands on his shoulders and her cheek on his head. "Could I make a deal with him?"

"No," Sirzechs replied flatly. "Rizevim is one of the worst beings in the Underworld, a creature of unmatched cruelty. He also possesses the covetousness of a dragon, and there is no deal he would make that you would ever agree to."

"He has my mother's soul!" Harry hissed. "What would I not agree to for that?"

"Hermione? Luna? Akeno? Rias?" Sirzechs replied, and Harry paled.

"If it helps at all, you can be certain that your mother isn't suffering," Ajuka added. "Taking human souls was never about tormenting them for daring to disobey the Tyrant, as the church suggested, but rather about taking them from him. When he came across the early, primitive humans of this world, he augmented them, using the Book of Creation, and greatly altered their souls. When humans die, their souls eventually make their way to purgatory, where they're judged, and it is determined if they'll go to Heaven or not. That judgment was precious to him and it was because of that that the devils sought to claim souls for themselves."

"What do you mean?" Hermione asked.

"The Tyrant loved judging others, it was his favorite thing," Sirzechs replied, "or so they say. Taking souls as the devils of old did prevented them from ever reaching purgatory, and being formally judged, and nothing infuriated the Tyrant more than that. After the great war, the appeal of doing so waned, as in the absence of the Lightbringer, most of us stopped thinking in terms of how best to defy the Tyrant all the time."

"So you can be sure that your mother is being treated more as a collectible than anything else," Ajuka replied. "I don't say this to suggest that you shouldn't care or anything, but the solution to your problem both isn't and doesn't need to be immediate."

"Could either of you…" Harry went to ask.

"We couldn't," Sirzechs sighed, looking down. "The two of us could handle him but if we went after the son of Lucifer, particularly to free a human soul, it would spark a second civil war, one that our people may well not survive."

"Well, how powerful is he?" Harry asked. "If I can't reason with him, and you can deal with him…"

"Harry, we classify devils in the following way: there are Low-Class Devils, Mid-Class Devils, High-Class Devils; that's what Rias is, Ultimate-Class Devils, and finally what we call Super Devils," Ajuka replied. "There have only ever been three Super Devils in recorded history, two of whom are in this very room."

"He's your equal?" Harry asked, sounding like he felt that his world was caving in around him. When Sirzechs just nodded, he closed his eyes and said, "Then I'll have to be as well."

"An admirable goal, Harry," Sirzechs nodded. "Rizevim hasn't been seen in a very long time. He keeps to himself, traversing parts of the Underworld that neither we nor the Fallen ever developed. Our people are not vast in number and this world is very large. I will try to get eyes on him, but I need you to promise me that you will not go after him until you can hold your own against me in a spar for five minutes. Try it before you're at that level and you will die."

"I promise," Harry nodded, filled with determination the likes of which he'd never known.

"I'm so sorry, Harry," Rias sighed, running her nails over his scalp. "I promise that I'll train you to the best of my abilities."

He smiled at that and kissed her hand, knowing that it would take more than her to help him now. He didn't just need to become great, he needed to become more powerful than almost every being in the Underworld, and that was going to be incredibly difficult, but there was no alternative.

"Um, I don't mean to offend you, but...if this Rizevim is Lucifer's son, why is he not in charge?" Hermione asked. "He sounds like a dreadful creature, but still…"

"There was a civil war that took place not long after the deaths of the original four Satans," Sirzechs replied. "The descendants of the original four believed that they should take over by right of succession, while our faction believed that different leadership was needed in the wake of the devastation caused by the Great War. Rizevim stayed out of it completely, disappearing into the depths of the Underworld and leaving us to our affairs. Our side won, and a new government was formed."

"No one knows why he stayed out of it but we were glad that he did," Ajuka added. Turning to Harry, he said, "Becoming our equal will be a journey of a thousand miles but you can take the first step now."

"He's right," Rias nodded, reaching into her bag and pulling out her pawns. "With the horcrux gone, you should be able to become a devil with ease."

"Yes," Harry replied. "Not that I didn't want to before, but I have no choice now."

"Oh, by the way, here's your cloak back," Hermione smiled, handing it to Harry. "It really helped us escape everyone else to go summon Rias."

"And helped you kill Nagini, I imagine," Harry mused as he accepted it. "What happened there, anyway?"

"I made Malfoy do it," Hermione replied, her brown eyes looking a little hollow as she recalled it. "He didn't survive."

"Hermione," Harry breathed, completely surprised.

"It turns out that he was the one who told Voldemort where to find her parents," Rias explained and Harry's eyes hardened.

"Well done, then," he muttered, and Hermione smiled slightly.

"As interesting as this is, please get on with it," Ajuka scowled, sounding peevish, and Sirzechs chuckled.

"You'd think at our age you'd have learned to be patient by now, old friend," the crimson-haired devil teased him.

"I have been patient," Ajuka muttered. "I've spent months wondering if there was some flaw in my most important design or not. I'm almost certain that it was the horcrux preventing them from working, but until we see proof that they can work now…"

"You're right," Harry nodded before staring at the small pawn piece in Rias' hand, "this is long overdue."

Rias gently pressed the pawn to his chest, not daring to take a breath as she watched and waited for a sign that something had gone wrong. Harry sat there, equally concerned, and though he was pleased when no headache resulted, he expected to feel something and furrowed his brow at how muted it seemed.

"Um, Rias?" he asked.

"It's fine," she smiled, "you're just too powerful for me to use only one pawn. We're not seeing what we did before."

"That's true," Ajuka smiled, sounding relieved. "You haven't experienced the headache yet?"

"No, not at all," Harry replied. "In fact, I think I'm just now realizing that I always had a minor unpleasant feeling in my forehead."

"Making a living thing into a horcrux was stupid on its own, but yours was poorly formed to begin with," Ajuka muttered. "It's a wonder that it didn't kill you, though I suppose the prophecy might have been a part of that."

Rias pushed another pawn into his chest, and then another, and finally a fourth one before he finally felt something that made him gasp.

"Harry?" she asked.

"It's...I feel...ugh," Harry grunted, falling out of his chair and onto his hands and knees.

"Harry!" Hermione exclaimed as Rias rushed to her knees in front of him.

"What's wrong?" she asked, brushing his hair out of his face and hissing as she felt his head. "He's burning up!"

"Move," Ajuka muttered, levitating him over to a nearby bed he conjured with a wave of his hand. As he hovered his hand over Harry's chest and cast a few diagnostic spells, he furrowed his brow and exclaimed, "What in the world?!"

"What is it?" Sirzechs asked, concerned.

"His pieces have mutated," Ajuka replied. "Four pawns mutated at the moment of reincarnation...what is going on with you?"

"Could it be the horcux?" Hermione asked.

"No, this doesn't feel like that," Ajuka replied as Harry writhed on the bed, his fever worsening. "It feels wild and...hungry, but it doesn't feel like another piece is needed."

"Could it be something that Rizevim did?" Sirzechs asked.

"Conceivably," Ajuka muttered, running his hand through his hair. "It feels like it needs energy of some kind. We might be able to stabilize him if we…"

He trailed off as he suddenly felt Harry calling out to something with his magic. The wizard had lost consciousness by then and wasn't doing anything by his own will, yet the hunger in him seemed to be working through him regardless. He began to glow a bright white, forcing the others to avert their eyes. Casting a spell on his eyes to help him ignore the blinding light, Ajuka watched as the cloak that the boy's friend had given him was levitated up from where it had fallen when he stumbled forward. It moved towards him, as did a small, black stone and a particularly long wand, which were pulled out of the mokeskin pouch he kept at his hip. The three items, which he realized all had the same magical signature, moved more quickly then, racing towards his chest, which began to glow so brightly that even he had to avert his eyes.

Harry gasped, sitting up and panting for breath. His vision was terribly blurry, worse than it normally was without glasses, and as he took them off, wondering what had gone wrong, he realized that he saw better without them, better than he ever had.

"The evil pieces fixed my eyes?" he asked, unaware that they would. Everyone around him blinked as they stared at him, looking as though they couldn't believe what they we seeing, and he chuckled, saying, "At least two of you have seen me without glasses before."

"You said that was rare!" Hermione hissed, glaring at Rias, who balked.

"Some degree of...change can happen, but when it's minor like this, it can be hidden easily enough," the redhead spluttered.

"Change, what cha...oh!" Harry exclaimed as he stood up and found himself unsteady on his feet. "Did you all get shorter? What the hell happened to my shoes!"

"You outgrew them," Ajuka replied flatly as he walked around him. "It seems the evil pieces had a more profound effect than they generally d...Lucifer's light!"

"What is...is that what I think it is?" Sirzechs stammered. "But that…"

"What?" Harry sighed, wishing that he could just go to bed and forget this day happened.

"Here," Rias sighed, conjuring a mirror and holding it up to him. "I swear, I genuinely think that they're sexy."

Harry's eyes went wide as he looked into the mirror and saw what everyone had been freaking out about. From his forehead sprang two horns that curved up towards the ceiling. They were jet black and about six inches long, and as he reached up to feel them, he learned the hard way that the tips were quite sharp.

"Ow," he muttered. "I have horns?"

"Like I say, you can hide them easily enough with magic," Rias replied. "They're rare, but not unheard of, and one of the highest-ranked players of the rating games has horns naturally. She's a devil of the Belphegor clan and…"

"Is that a tail?" Hermione asked as she finally bothered to find out what Ajuka and Sirzechs were gawking at.

"A tail?" Harry asked, looking around at his side.

Sure enough, hanging from his lower back was a long, black, whip-like tail with what appeared to be a full heart-shaped tip.

"What the fuck?" he thought to himself, watching in muted shock as his newest appendage moved about, and he realized that he could direct it about like any other part of him. It made sense, he supposed, as it was apparently attached to him.

"I've never heard of a devil having a tail before," Rias piped up, sounding confused. "Sirzechs, what's wrong?"

Sure enough, her brother's face had gone pale, and he muttered, "That's not possible!"

"No, it isn't," Ajuka replied flatly, "and yet it is. Sense his power, Sirzechs; neither of us has ever seen one, and yet there is no mistaking that, not to mention the tail."

"What are you talking about?" Harry asked, "And why does it sound like I've turned into something other than a devil?"

"Oh, you're a devil alright," Ajuka replied. "You just happen to be something very distinct. There has only ever been one type of devil to possess tails, after all."

"What is he?" Hermione asked. "What's happened?"

"The impossible," Ajuka grinned. "I cannot say how, but there can be only one possible explanation. You're an incubus, Harry."

*****

Days later, in a section of the Underworld thought completely undeveloped, a man flew through the winding hallways of a vast, ornate palace with purpose. He had been given a task by his liege and he had completed it. All that remained was to report to him, something that required him to venture into a part of the palace that he generally didn't care for. If it had been up to him, he'd have met his king in the throne room, but it wasn't, and it wasn't up to him to question the son of Lucifer either.

"Lord Euclid," one of the guards nodded as he spotted him. "He's expecting you."

"Of course he is," Euclid Lucifuge sneered before making his way inside to the royal dining booth.

Seated in his usual high-backed chair, peering out through the window in front of him, was Rizevim Livan Lucifer, true heir to his father's throne, and the man that Euclid had served zealously for longer than he could say.

"Your majesty," he said as he knelt dutifully. "I bring news."

"We are eager to hear it," Rizevim replied, his voice as deep and silky as ever. "For days now our curiosity has only mounted further, but before you get to your report, we would have your counsel on a vital matter."

"Your majesty?" Euclid asked.

"Beef or chicken?" Rizevim asked, pointing down at the menu before him. "We have ruled out nearly everything on this menu, but we cannot decide between the beef or the chicken."

"I am more of a venison man myself," Euclid replied, staring down the extensive menu in his king's hand.

"We went with venison the last time we were here and found it disappointing," Rizevim replied. "You know, cows are most remarkable creatures. Their digestive system is one of the most perfect in all of nature, and they can eat all manner of things without the more unfortunate parts of them passing through to the rest of their systems. It's what makes tallow such a perfect cooking fat, as no matter what the cow has eaten, their fat remains clear of all impurities. On the other hand, chicken fat is delicious."

"Undoubtedly, your majesty," Euclid replied. "Perhaps the beef would be the better option in this case."

"Bah, we will mull it over more," Rizevim said dismissively. "Give your report."

"The rumors my spy in Sirzechs' palace reported appear to be true," Euclid reported. "This Harry Potter has become an incubus."

Rizevim chuckled at that and set the menu down. "By the Lightbringer, that was a name we had completely forgotten. We had long since written that old experiment off as a failure when all those children died. Even the Potter boy's survival we dismissed as a fluke, since it seemed that the incubus genes simply hadn't taken. What was it, we wonder, that allowed him to survive where none of the others did?"

"Perhaps, whatever it was, it also allowed his transformation," Euclid posited, and Rizevim scratched at his beard as he thought about it.

"Actually creating a full-fledged incubus was never our plan," the king admitted, tapping his fingers on the table. "This will require careful study and planning."

"Do you wish for me to have him abducted?" Euclid asked.

"No, we do not," Rizevim replied sharply. "He's a plaything of the Gremory heiress, though this will reverse soon if it hasn't already. We will let him come into his own and develop for the time being. He represents a significant thorn in the side of your wretched brother-in-law now."

Euclid's eye twitched at the mention of Sirzechs, and Rizevim smirked. His right hand never failed to grow angry at the mention of the man who wore his mantle, which in turn never failed to amuse him.

"The Heavens and the Fallen will not abide a living incubus," Euclid grinned. "This could be a significant problem for him. Is there any chance that he might take action against him?"

"No," Rizevim replied. "Sirzechs is powerful yet weak, burdened by conscience and even more so by love. If the Gremory girl is as infatuated with our young incubus as your spies say, then Sirzechs would sooner cut off his right hand than harm him, as doing so would hurt his beloved sister."

"It is infuriating that such a man leads our people; that he dares to hold the title that is yours by right," Euclid growled, and Rizevim flared his power warningly, making him flinch.

"Sirzechs Gremory holds what we allow him to hold," he declared. "He rules what we allow him to rule, and in time, we will take what is ours, but until then, let him pretend that he's worthy of our father's name. Did your spies say anything else about him?"

"He's not the only new part of Rias Gremory's peerage," Euclid replied. "She's also turned two young witches as well, one of whom is an inquisitive yet unremarkable creature, and the other might be mad."

"Hmm, chicken or beef?" Rizevim muttered to himself, staring down at the menu and sipping his wine as he continued to mull over his choice.

"Sounds like the civil war," Euclid murmured, and Rizevim looked up at him, his hazel eyes clearly telling him to explain. "Our people were caught between hot-headed fools and cowardly cretins, who would sully our lines with humans. Beef or chicken."

"We see the comparison," Rizevim chuckled. "To think, there are still those out there who wonder about our decision to step away from that mess. Caught between a faction of idiots hell-bent on continuing a war we plainly could not win without finding a way to fix our fertility problems and a faction of peace-obsessed weaklings bound and determined to spit on everything our father stood for, what was a king to do but leave them to their folly and seek a third option? Being perpetually caught between two terrible options at every corner is a human malfunction. We Devils are better than that."

"Quite right, my king," Euclid nodded, and Rizevim just hummed.

"Have you anything else to report?" he asked.

"Our spies in Hades' palace report that the God of the Dead has been spitting mad for the last couple days," Euclid replied.

"What's the old bag of bones on about now?" Rizevim sighed.

"Sirzechs wiped out the Dementors," Euclid replied, scowling again as he thought of the man who had what he coveted most, "and then apparently, three artifacts Hades created long ago were destroyed, and he has no idea how."

"Curious," Rizevim mused. "Did you hear what specifically had been destroyed?"

"Not yet, though I will keep investigating, my liege," Euclid replied.

"See that you do," Rizevim commanded. "We will go with the beef this time."

"Quite right, your majesty," Euclid replied as he watched his king cast a spell to enhance his voice.

"Send in the bull!" he called out, and all around the arena, men and women cheered gleefully.

"What the fuck?!" the prisoner below, a middle-aged, darkly complected man with a badly receded hairline and a pot belly, cried out as he was woken by a sudden shock. "Where am I? What is this? What do you want with me?"

"Humans are so irritating," Euclid muttered as he watched next to his king, who paid close attention to the coming show. "Always with the questions."

One of the gates was opened and the human screamed in terror as a bull the size of an elephant charged into the arena. Euclid didn't much care for these shows that his king so adored, having come to find them repitive by now, but he had to admit that the mutated monstrosities their researchers had created were still fascinating. Whether to give them weapons of war or simply because he thought it might be fun, Rizevim had ordered them long ago to seize animals from Earth and experiment on them. The results spoke for themselves.

"What the fuck?!" the human man screamed, diving out of the way of the gigantic bull and trying to make a break for the room it had come from.

Rizevim watched as the bull crashed into the wall, turning in time to avoid slamming his head into it but having too much momentum to avoid slamming his flank against the stone. It grumbled at that, being too strong to be too bothered by the blow, and huffed angrily at the human, who was halfway to the door. The son of Lucifer smirked as he watched the man near what he saw as, perhaps not salvation, but the only hope he had, and held the door up intentionally to give him false hope. The second the man drew too close, he snapped his fingers, and it slammed shut.

"At least this one didn't freeze in terror," Euclid murmured as he watched the man run right into the heavy wooden door. "Those ones are always dreadfully boring."

"Oh, we don't know," Rizevim chuckled. "The ending always remains amusing."

The human man tumbled backward, dazed by his heavy impact against the door, and didn't manage to move in time as the bull gored him right in his taint. A scream the ancient devil would have called inhuman if he didn't know better spilled from his lips as he was impaled. The crowd cheered and the bull, enjoying the sound, ran around the arena proudly, keeping the dying man dangling from his horn as he went.

"That was more fun than watching him be pecked to death by giant chickens would have been," Rizevim declared. "You know, speaking of Hades, we do wonder how one of our bulls would fair against one of his cerberi."

"Perhaps we could approach him," Euclid suggested, and Rizevim ran a hand through his long, silver hair.

"We will consider it," he replied. "You are to give us regular reports on Potter's progress, Euclid, but none of our agents are to make contact with him, understood?"

"Yes, your majesty," Euclid replied, "though, a thought does occur to me."

"Speak freely," Rizevim commanded.

"Potter is the first true incubus to live in ages," Euclid said. "I understand your reasoning for not wanting him to be taken immediately, and I wouldn't dream of questioning you, but does that not represent a significant risk? I could instruct our agents to ensure that, should he end up in danger, they will ensure that he comes to no harm."

"We would prefer that they remain completely undetected," Rizevim replied. "Ajuka Astaroth is many things, but stupid isn't one of them. Even if Sirzechs will balk at the thought of Potter's status ruining his desire to make peace with the other factions, Ajuka will recognize the resource that the boy is. We would wager much that he has already acquired sperm samples from him as insurance, and should anything happen to him, our men will simply infiltrate Agreas and take them. Our desire remains to watch him from afar as we try to figure out how in our father's name he managed to become so much more than we ever intended. Now, leave us and return when you have more to report."

"Your will be done, your majesty," Euclid nodded before departing.

Rizevim swirled his wine around the glass for a moment and brought it close to observe the legs slowly trailing back down.

"Could it have simply been the prophecy his mother mentioned?" he wondered to himself as he took another sip. "Those marked by the fates for great purpose cannot die before they fulfill them, and that would make sense, but we cannot help but think that there might be more to this."

In the end, it didn't truly matter, at least yet. The boy would play his part in the games to come, and that was what mattered most.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: May 13, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Markuz Black, Fridrich, dronmk2 and 325 others
voivode_writer
May 13, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 29 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
May 27, 2025
Add bookmark
#705
"I'm a what?" Harry asked, feeling the strangest sense of deja-vu. "But they're all…"

"That...does actually explain a lot," Rias replied, and she actually blushed when every eye in the room darted to her. "You have always been...oddly gifted, let's say."

"Rizevim," Sirzechs muttered. "What the hell did you do?"

"A question that I'd like answered more than you can imagine, old friend," Ajuka chuckled, his eyes alight with wonder as he stared at Harry, "but that will have to wait. Harry, I need you to come with me. There are a number of things I need from you, and they won't take much time."

"Ajuka, could I have a moment?" Harry asked, still feeling like his head was spinning, "I…"

"Rias, take him either to our family castle or Kuoh," Sirzechs sighed, earning a glare from the other Satan. "He can do whatever tests you have in mind tomorrow, Ajuka; let the poor man rest a bit."

"Don't take him out of the Underworld until then," Ajuka muttered, realizing that he'd find no allies in the room for this particular argument. "He'll have to take the train when he next returns here, and that offers variables I don't want to risk."

"Come, Harry," Rias said softly, taking his hand and staring up into his eyes, which seemed so much brighter without his glasses. "You can stay in my old chambers back home."

"That...sounds nice," Harry sighed. "Um, could you let Sirius and Fleur know that we're alright? The papers will…"

"I'll handle everything," Rias nodded. "Hermione?"

"Huh?" Hermione asked, having been staring at his horns that whole time. "Oh, uh, right. It was nice to meet both of you."

Ajuka and Sirzechs just nodded as Rias took her hand and disappeared.

"My study, now," Sirzechs muttered through gritted teeth, and Ajuka just chuckled.

"I'll meet you there," he said, disappearing, and Sirzechs flew over to his study, not bothering to even deal with the table they'd left in the middle of the antechamber.

Ajuka was already there when he arrived, pouring two glasses of what he knew was his favorite spirit. Handing him one of the crystal snifters, he said, "Nothing like a little Louis XIII to help calm you after world-changing revelations."

"Lucifer's light, I don't think I've ever been so simultaneously thrilled and disquieted by something before," Sirzechs muttered, sipping the cognac and sitting down heavily.

"At least you are thrilled," Ajuka replied. "You looked like Grayfia told you she was getting a breast reduction just now."

"Don't even joke about that," Sirzechs grimaced, and Ajuka barked a laugh. "Having a living incubus is a boon like no other, and this is undeniably good for our people, but it comes at such a bad time. We've been making actual diplomatic inroads with Heaven and the Fallen, and for just a moment I thought that lasting peace between the factions might be achievable, but I have no idea how they're going to react to this. Leviathan's success was such a dire threat to them that it actually pushed the Tyrant to agree to work with his fallen creations for a time. Now…"

"That was at the height of the Great War, and during his lifetime," Ajuka pointed out. "The long conflict goes on, but it isn't the same, and you know it."

"I know...I do," Sirzechs replied. "As I said, this is good for us and provided it doesn't push the angel factions to unite against us again, it will be invaluable for us long-term, but it is a massive complication on a number of levels. The fact that Rias is at the heart of it is also deeply unsettling for me."

"We can work to make Kuoh more secure," Ajuka said. "Serafall has reason enough to care about its safety, but perhaps we can provide her with reason to make a home of it."

"What?" Sirzechs asked, blinking up at him. "What are you talking about?"

"She's unmarried, and I imagine that we could convince her easily enough to get a taste of an incubus, even if her tastes generally veer elsewhere," Ajuka replied, and Sirzechs continued to just stare at him like he'd grown a second head. "You do realize that he's going to end up connected to every clan with an unattached daughter, yes? I give my brother about a minute after hearing about him to decide to introduce him to Latia."

Sirzechs groaned and pinched the bridge of his nose as he realized that his old friend was correct. "Rias is in love with him, Ajuka. I want to give them at least a little time to adjust to their new reality before half the women in the Underworld start trying to pile into their bed."

"We'll keep this to ourselves for now, but word will spread in time, Sirzechs," Ajuka sighed. "You can't prevent that. When the other clans learn what he is, they will all seek to gain the advantages that his seed can provide. His children will, theoretically, be incubi and succubi, and that means that every house that manages to put one of their own in his bed will gain fertile descendants, something our entire species has craved ever since the Lightbringer first realized that his creations were flawed. Even the Phenexes will likely seek to attach him to their daughter, and they're still furious at your family over Rias breaking her engagement."

"They're not likely to settle for mere samples of him either," Sirzechs muttered, placing the snifter down on his desk and burying his face in his hands. "Not when they could gain so much more by formal connections."

"I will, of course, be getting him to provide semen samples when he's next in Agreas," Ajuka murmured. "They can be frozen and secured, and that will give us some degree of insurance should anything happen to him. That boy is the most important figure in the Underworld now, and even the old lords who still balk at the idea of the evil pieces and using humans to increase our numbers won't be able to deny that."

"That's something that truly confuses me, though," Sirzechs said, looking up at him. "Rizevim hates humans with an intensity that exceeds his father's. Why in the world would he turn to one of them for whatever kind of experiment this was?"

"I don't think that he planned to actually make Harry an incubus," Ajuka replied. "Whatever he did was buried so deeply inside him that I didn't detect it when I examined him, and I think that's because of what he was until today."

"You think the horcrux suppressed it?" Sirzechs asked.

"It makes sense in a way," Ajuka replied. "Leviathan sought to create fertile devils and, from what few accounts we have of them, succeeded more than she intended. They were fertility itself, and had they existed for more than mere years before they were hunted to extinction, they would have provided us with enough offspring to fill this planet entirely within a few generations. They were, in a way, creatures of life, and the horcrux, as a work of necromancy and a creation of death, likely suppressed much of whatever he did just by its corrupting presence. That's not what bothers me most, though."

"Where are the other test subjects?" Sirzechs, realizing what he was getting at.

"I can't begin to understand what Rizevim did, which vexes me more than you can imagine, but I know that if I were running this experiment, I would have used multiple test subjects," Ajuka nodded.

"There's also the fact that he's had no contact with Harry that we could detect since he was a baby," Sirzechs muttered. "If he has any way of detecting what's happened…"

"Still think it's a bad idea to suggest Serafall move there?" Ajuka asked.

"If he's planning to transfer to Kuoh Academy, there'd be no point in doing so now, with their current term ending in less than three weeks," Sirzechs mused. "He can stay in Gremory Castle for the time being, and I'll work to make sure that they all remain safe in Japan when they return in the fall. As for the other matter, I think those two have had enough dumped on them for the moment. That's the whole reason that I told Rias to take him away."

"I suppose I can get my samples and run my tests tomorrow," Ajuka sighed, downing the last sip of his cognac. "Whether we like it or not, Sirzechs, their lives just got a lot more complicated. I know you wish to safeguard Rias, and we will ensure her safety, but there are some things that we can't prevent, and the reaction of our people will be one of them."

"I know," Sirzechs sighed, "but he had barely started processing the idea that his mother sold her soul for him when this happened, and there's the fact that Rias just watched him die, I imagine, so...let them rest a little. We can do that much for them."

"As you say," Ajuka nodded. "I'm going to be up all night trying to figure out how the hell he managed this."

"Him or some researcher he's allied with," Sirzechs scowled, knocking back the last of his drink. "Granted I haven't had terribly many interactions with Rizevim, but he'd never struck me as...well, you."

"He always struck me as a chameleon, appearing as whatever he felt like in a given moment," Ajuka muttered. "I do hope that we managed to impress upon Harry how stupid it would be to try to seek him out as he is now."

"Luckily for us, even we don't know where he is," Sirzechs laughed humorlessly. Handing him back his snifter, he said, "Thank you for that."

"I'll check in tomorrow if I have time," Ajuka nodded. "Farewell."

"Farewell," Sirzechs replied as he watched him disappear. It wasn't often that he was that thoroughly flummoxed, but he'd been taken entirely aback by Harry's transformation, and he could only imagine what both he and Rias were going through at the moment. "You never did anything by half, did you, little sister?"

*****

"Rias, I...what the hell?" Venelana asked, staring up at Harry in shock, something which only magnified when she spotted his tail. "By the Lightbringer! How is that…"

"Mother, it's been a very long day, and I'll happily answer your questions, but right now, these two need a place to rest, and I need to go break some news," Rias cut her off, giving her a pointed look. In all her life she'd never seen her mother so shocked, and she couldn't even enjoy it.

"Right," Venelana replied, questions burning in her violet eyes, yet she trusted her daughter enough to let it go if she asked, at least for the moment. Turning to Hermione, she asked, "You are?"

"Hermione Granger, miss…" Hermione went to ask.

"Right, sorry," Rias winced. "Hermione, this is my mother, Lady Venelana Gremory. Mother this is Hermione, my future pawn. I'll take care of that once I get back."

"It's no rush," Hermione replied, looking up at Harry, who still appeared dazed.

"Grayfia!" Venelana called out, and a moment later, the silver-haired maid appeared, her eyes going wide as she spotted Harry.

"What in the world?" she asked as she saw his tail, and Harry would have grumbled about once again earning reactions like that if his mind hadn't been so unfocused.

"Later," Venelana replied. "Lead these two to two of the free rooms."

"Only one is really nee…" Hermione went to say only for Harry to cut her off.

"Actually, I'd like to be alone for a bit, Mione," he said, swallowing his guilt as she looked hurt for a second.

"We're here for you," Rias whispered, hugging him tightly and burying her face in his muscular chest. "Whatever you need."

"Right now, I just need to rest and try to wrap my head around...everything," Harry replied, and she stepped back, looking up at him sympathetically. She had watched him die less than an hour ago and was very reluctant to let him go, but he'd asked her to reassure Sirius and Fleur that he was alright, and she'd take care of that first."

"Right this way," Grayfia said, a hint of curiosity in her usually measured voice, and Harry followed her listlessly.

"Hermione, if you aren't that tired, could you fill them in on what you know?" Rias asked, and the brunette gulped as Venelana's piercing eyes fell on her.

"Okay," she replied, wilting a little under the clearly powerful lady's gaze. "By the way, Fleur would still be in Beauxbatons, so unless you have a way through its wards..."

"Damn it," Rias scowled as she realized that she didn't.

"My owl, Archimedes, will be able to bring her a letter if you address it to her," Hermione offered. "He's at Grimmauld Place."

"That'll have to do," Rias sighed. "Thanks, Hermione."

She disappeared in a crimson summoning circle, leaving the bushy-haired brunette alone with Venelana, who immediately gave her an imperious look.

"Come along, dear," she commanded softly. "I imagine we have much to discuss."

*****

"How the hell did they even get in there?!" Sirius exclaimed as he scrambled out of his chair, letting the book he'd been reading fall on the floor.

"Dobby doesn't know," Dobby replied, "but Harry Potter's Rias did go to help him."

"Rias is there?" Sirius asked, and when Dobby nodded, he sighed in relief. "Okay, so now I just need to…"

He trailed off as a bright crimson light appeared suddenly in the middle of his living room, and he felt palpable relief as a familiar, crimson-haired figure appeared in the middle of it.

"Rias, thank goodness," Sirius breathed. "Is Harry…"

"Harry's fine," she assured him. "How did you...right, Dobby."

"Harry Potter, sir, is okay?" Dobby asked.

"Did he beat yo...Voldemort then?" Sirius asked.

"He did," Rias nodded, and Sirius sighed in relief. "He's gone for good now, and we slaughtered his followers too, so."

"All of them?" Sirius asked.

"All the ones he brought with him," Rias replied, shrugging. "No one who was in that room when my peerage and I arrived lived to tell the tale other than Harry."

The memory of seeing him fall, seemingly dead, hit her then, and she stumbled slightly.

"Rias?" Sirius asked.

"Harry is okay, I promise, but he did sort of die," Rias replied.

"How do you sort of die?" Sirius demanded.

"He was hit by Voldemort's killing curse and…" Rias went to reply, watching Sirius' eyes go wide in shock.

"Is he just immune to those?" he asked, cutting her off.

"No," Rias replied. "You remember the piece of Voldemort's soul that was in his head? It took the hit for him."

"Wait," Sirius smiled, instantly amused, "are you saying that Harry tricked that prick into killing off a piece of himself?"

"It wasn't intentional," Rias replied. "From how destroyed the hall was when we arrived, I can pretty confidently say that those two were equals in the end."

"Bloody hell," Sirius chuckled. "I actually fought him once. James, Alastor Moody, and I ended up on the wrong end of his wand during a mission for Dumbledore. He fought off the three of us with ease; it was like facing an entire squad of aurors. You're saying that Harry's that powerful?"

"He is," Rias replied. "He's in the Underworld now, resting in my family's castle, and I…"

"Don't let me keep you," Sirius smiled. "He just overcame a foe that's been after him since he was a year old, the man who murdered his parents. He deserves to celebrate that, and beautiful company always makes celebrations more fun."

Rias chuckled at that despite herself and said, "Thank you, but he asked me to let you know that he was okay and to check with Fleur as well. Could you show me to the owls? I don't know where Beauxbatons is and know nothing of their wards, so writing will be much simpler."

"Yes, of course, right this way," Sirius replied. "If Hermione's staying with you, maybe you could bring her her cat. I don't know if it's because of my Animagus form or not, but the little prick doesn't like me."

"From what she's said, he doesn't seem to like anyone other than her," Rias chuckled.

"So how did the Death Eaters even get in?" Sirius asked. "And where was Dumbledore in all this?"

"He had been lured away," Rias replied, "and Voldemort had a student repair some kind of enchanted cabinet for…"

"Wait, a vanishing cabinet?" Sirius asked. When she nodded, he swore and hissed, "Why the hell was there a vanishing cabinet in Hogwarts? Did he have it smuggled in?"

"According to Malfoy, it had been there since his school days," Rias replied, and Sirius went still.

"Draco Malfoy was the student who repaired it, huh?" he asked.

"He was," Rias replied. "Did you know him?"

"We never met, but he's my cousin's son...you said was," Sirius replied.

"Yeah, he's dead," Rias replied. "No one who aided Voldemort this time lived, though his death wasn't at my hand. I'm sorry…"

"No, it's fine," Sirius replied. "Narcissa was...well, I always thought there might be something more to her under the frigid exterior, but I haven't seen her since before I went to Azkaban, and I can't imagine that the years made her kinder. As for her son, I'm sure he was Lucius' creature through and through, and that prick can rot."

"By the way, my brother wiped out the Dementors," Rias smiled, and Sirius froze again. "I figured you might enjoy hearing that."

"How did...but they…" Sirius stammered.

"The Power of Destruction can destroy nearly anything," Rias smiled, "and Sirzechs had apparently been meaning to find the time to destroy them for a while."

"Well, thank him for me when you get the chance," Sirius chuckled. "I'll sleep easier knowing those things are gone. It's a pity Wormtail didn't get to suffer more of their hospitality, though."

"I'm sure he'll suffer anyway," Rias grinned as they reached the owlery.

She conjured a piece of paper and wrote a letter to Fleur, informing her of the basics of what had happened and assuring her that no one died and that Harry, Hermione, and Luna would be fine.

"Be sure to tell her this address," Sirius suggested. "On the off chance that Harry never mentioned it, it will be a lot easier for her to floo over and see Harry if she actually knows where to go."

"Good point," Rias chuckled. "Archimedes?"

A great horned owl went to move towards when a furious screech from the snowy owl next to him made him go still. Hedwig flew over and grabbed the letter, apparently insistent on being the one to deliver it.

"Okay, you can do it," Rias chuckled. "Bring this to Fleur Delacour, Hedwig."

The owl flew off without a sound, leaving the very amused pair in her wake.

"Spirited that one," Sirius chuckled. "Not as scary as Alice, though."

"Alice?" Rias asked, and Sirius just pointed at the stygian owl in the corner, whose orange eyes shone with palpable malice as she glared at them.

"Luna's owl," Sirius explained, and Rias just blinked at the sheer contrast between the owl and her owner.

"Anyway, now that that's done, I should be getting back," Rias sighed. "I'll let Harry know that I informed both of you of what happened, and if Fleur comes by, please give her this."

She handed him a summoning paper, which he pocketed with a nod.

"Harry will be returning soon, right?" Sirius asked. "You said he was resting, but…"

"He will," Rias replied. She briefly considered telling him about the other bits of recent insanity in Harry's life, but she knew that it wasn't her place. What Harry told him and when would be up to him, and the last thing she wanted to do just then was add to his considerable stress. Saying goodbye, she teleported away, hoping that her boyfriend had managed to get some rest while she was away, planning to make a stop in Kuoh before she returned to Gremory Castle.

*****

"Yer a wizard," Hagrid had said.

"You're an incubus, Harry," Ajuka said.

"Should have bloody known I wouldn't be normal," Harry muttered to himself as he conjured a ball and bounced it off of the wall, which he enchanted to be silent.

He had already found that magic was infinitely easier now that he was a devil. What he had needed a wand to do before, he could do with just concentration and willpower now. He had yet to test it out too much, but he'd already run through a dozen basic spells and found that they all worked just as well, if not better now. He was seated on the large bed, his tail curled around his waist like a belt, and as he caught the tennis ball again, he vanished it and unfurled the tail, bringing the heart-shaped tip in front of his face.

"That is so bloody weird, and yet it feels like it's always been part of me," Harry said to himself. His brain had adapted more quickly than he'd ever imagined possible. He had as much control over the new appendage as he had over the rest of him, and he's already played around with moving it about, something which proved capable of distracting him for about ten minutes.

"Harry?" Rias called out, knocking on the door.

"Harry, are you okay?" Luna asked. "Rias said something about your devil transformation having horny consequences."

"I said he had horns and was an incubus," Rias corrected her.

"That's what I said," Luna replied, and Harry snorted at that.

"If he wants space, we…" Hermione went to say just as he opened the door.

"Oh, wow," Luna breathed, staring up at him in awe. "And I wanted to climb you like a tree before."

"Luna, I...oof," Harry grunted as she jumped into his arms, wrapping her arms and legs around him and burying her face under his chin.

"It'll be okay," she whispered as he grabbed her arse with one of his large hands and snaked the other around her neck.

"Luna, I…" Harry went to say.

"She's right, you know," Hermione breathed, wrapping her arms around one of his biceps. "We've faced impossible odds before and come out on top. You just defeated Voldemort."

"Voldemort is nothing compared to this Rizevim, though," Harry argued, setting Luna down and stepping back to let them all in. "You saw Sirzechs, Hermione. He destroyed the Dementors casually, like it was nothing, and this asshole is as strong as he is. I…"

"When you first learned that Voldemort was still alive, did you have the faintest hope against him?" Rias asked.

"No," Harry replied. "Not at all. I was a first year and hadn't been a terribly good student through that year. If he wasn't so weak then and if Quirrell hadn't touched me, I'd have been dead then and there."

"Were you a match for him when we first met?" Rias asked.

"Fuck no," Harry replied, shaking his head. "I get what you're saying, but this…"

"Is just another mountain to climb," Rias argued. "Your position relative to Rizevim isn't entirely different than your position relative to Voldemort was back when you first saw him again after that Halloween night. You reached his level, and I know you'll reach Rizevim's."

"How do you know that?" Harry sighed, sounding more tired and weary than any of them had ever heard her.

"Because she knows you, Harry," Hermione replied softly, "and because she watched you this year go from a wizard who wasn't even the top of your year to one who could go toe to toe with one of the most feared dark wizards in history. You will surpass Rizevim; you will rescue your mother's soul and…"

"We will have a big orgy to celebrate," Luna cut in.

"I was going to say that we would reach a point where we weren't constantly thinking about battles to fight, but, well, you are an incubus," Hermione finished, making Harry smile.

"Thank you," Harry sighed, sitting down on the bed. "I've known for a while that my mother sacrificed herself to save me, but learning just what she did made it so much worse. You'll all tell me that it isn't my fault, and I'm just never going to believe that deep down. I…"

He trailed off, looking away, and all three of them hugged him; Hermione and Luna wrapped their arms around his neck from either side while Rias climbed into his lap and pulled his head into her cleavage.

"She loved you, Harry," Rias whispered, running her nails through his hair, "and she saved you but Hermione's right, you will save her too."

"It's kind of your thing," Hermione quipped, and he laughed even as his eyes filled with tears.

"You're not alone, Harry," Luna soothed.

"Thank you," Harry whispered, not trusting his voice as he wiped his eyes. "Rias, you reached out to Sirius and Fleur?"

"I did," Rias replied. "I got there just in time, too. Dobby had told him about what happened, and he was panicking."

"Fuck," Harry groaned.

"I wrote to Fleur as well," Rias nodded. "Your owl insisted on being the one to deliver it. You filled my mother in on what had happened, yes?"

"I did," Hermione replied. "She's quite...intense."

"She is," Rias chuckled. "How did she take it?"

"She didn't give much away, though I imagine she'll want a word with you soon," Hermione replied.

"Right, does anyone have any pressing business on Earth?" Rias asked. "She can be rather pushy when she wants to know something, and I have few answers to give on this subject."

"I'd like to see Sirius, but Ajuka insisted that I stay here for the time being," Harry muttered. "I may as well just go to Agreas. It's not like I was able to sleep at all."

"Here," Rias whispered, pressing her fingertips to his forehead, just over the faded scar, and he passed out immediately.

"Is that safe?" Hermione asked. "I know that dreamless sleep potions can be rather troublesome if abused."

"It's not something you want to use often, but sleep spells have their uses," Rias replied, "and he clearly needed it. Stand up, and I'll tuck him in."

"Luna, I need to...wait, how are you this awake?" Hermione asked. "You looked like you were moments from passing out just like that the last time I saw you."

"Rias woke me with a spell," Luna replied, smiling. "Apparently it will wear off rather abruptly at some point."

"An energy spell," Rias replied as she finished moving Harry into bed. "You should be good for a few more hours."

"Well, in that case, I'd like to show you my home," Luna said. "We can floo there from Grimmauld Place if you bring me there first."

"Luna, I...there's something that I should tell you," Hermione piped up before Rias could reply. "Malfoy confessed to tipping Voldemort off not just about where to find my parents but also about the fact that you and I were Harry's closest friends. He had hoped that he would abduct them and use them to lure Harry into a trap."

"I see," Luna replied, her face falling. "Where is he now?"

"Dead," Hermione replied. "I imperiused him and used him to get rid of Nagini. He didn't survive the fight."

"Are you okay?" Luna asked, pulling her in for a hug.

"Honestly more worried about how little I was affected, actually," Hermione whimpered, and Rias rested a hand on her shoulder.

"As I told Harry when he killed his first man, you're not going to have the luxury of a peaceful life if you want it to be a long one," she said. "You avenged both of your parents and rendered Voldemort mortal in the process. You did well."

"Thank you, Hermione," Luna whispered. "He was always a terrible boy."

"He was," Hermione sighed. "Can I come along? I'd like to see your house too."

"Sure," Rias replied, opening a teleportation circle and taking them back to Grimmauld Place.

Sirius wasn't in the sitting room when they arrived, and they quickly helped themselves to some floo powder and made their way to the Rookery.

"Oh," Luna whimpered as she looked around. There weren't any signs of a struggle, as he had clearly been abducted outside, but the home looked plainly like no one had lived there in months. "I know this makes sense, but I still didn't expect it to look quite so…"

"Hey, I've got you," Hermione whispered, hugging her tightly.

"It's nice," Rias said, looking around. "It's got a very Victorian feel, at least from what I've seen of Victorian English décor."

"Thank you, but I really wanted to show you the outside," Luna replied, blinking away the wetness in her eyes and leading them towards the door.

Hermione and Rias followed, both of them wondering why exactly she was so keen on showing them the outside of her family home, though they quickly got their answer.

"Oh!" Rias exclaimed as she looked up at it. "It looks just like…"

"Why do you think we call it 'The Rookery?'" Luna asked.

"In thought you family just kept rooks," Hermione replied.

"You know, funny enough, you're not the first to think that," Luna smiled.

"It's a big rook," Rias marveled. "Sona would love this place."

It was made of solid black stone and so seamless that it had clearly been made with magic. Wide at its base, it tapered inward gently as it reached the middle, extending upward five stories, the top floor of which was much larger as it flared outward. The roof featured crenelated edges, giving it a distinctly medieval appearance.

"Your devil friend, right?" Hermione asked.

"Yes, the heiress of House Sitri," Rias replied. "One thing that we'll be working on over the summer is teaching you three all about the pillar houses."

"I'm always happy to learn," Hermione said.

"Do you like it, though, Rias?" Luna asked.

"I think it's beautiful; why?" Rias asked.

"Do you think it would look good in Kuoh?" Luna pressed.

"I…" Rias trailed off, giving it some thought. It would certainly turn heads and look nothing like the rest of the local architecture, but it wasn't so garish that people would sneer at it.

"I ask because I don't think your home there is big enough for all of us," Luna replied. "It's sufficient for your current peerage, but…"

"Actually, on the topic of your peerage, where's Akeno?" Hermione replied. "You didn't order her to stay there."

"She seemed pretty distracted when I saw her," Luna replied, "and come to think of it, she wasn't nearly as horny as I'd have expected after a big fight."

"She heard a name that she hadn't in a while, and it bothered her," Rias replied. "I won't get into more specifics than that. It's her tale to tell."

"Right," Hermione replied, wondering just who Baraqiel was, as she remembered how the other devil had reacted to hearing it. It sounded biblical, and she figured he was an angel, which raised a number of questions, but as Rias said, they were Akeno's to answer if she wanted to.

"When I first moved to Kuoh, my father offered to have a palace built for me," Rias replied. "I turned him down, wanting to experience life in a less grandiose home for once, but you're right, and we'll have to upsize soon. If you want something like this, I wouldn't necessarily object; it is lovely, and seeing my father's face when I ask if he could get his architects to design a giant rook would be undoubtedly funny."

"Oh, there's no need to bother him," Luna smiled, placing her hand on the outside wall. "Game over."

As soon as the words left her lips, it was like an earthquake hit the region. The tower trembled, shaking faster and faster as it began to glow with bright blue light. Rias flew forward, intending to pull Luna back in case it started to crumble and fall on her, but as she reached her, she noticed that the house had begun to shrink. Smaller and smaller it got until finally it was the size of an actual rook, floating above a giant hole in the ground that had, she assumed, been their basement, though it was completely empty. It floated towards Luna, who caught it in her hand and smiled at Rias.

"We can just plant it in Japan," she explained.

"Luna, what in the world did I just watch?" Hermione asked.

"My great-great-great-great-grandfather, Aldous Lovegood, was a big fan of chess," Luna explained. "One day, as he was playing a game with his dog, Brutus, it occurred to him that a rook looked lot like a real tower, and he wondered what it would be like to live in one…"

"He was playing chess with his dog?" Rias asked.

"Brutus was apparently a particularly smart English Wolfhound," Luna replied. "There's a portrait of him in here. Anyway, he figured out how to enlarge one into a home he and his family could fit, enchanted it to remain perpetually that size, and moved in. Of course, he accidentally placed it right in the middle of a bit of land claimed by a centaur colony, and when the colony demanded one of his daughters in exchange for letting him live there, even though Eleanor Lovegood volunteered and was apparently quite disappointed when he turned them down, he figured out a way to shrink it back down and moved it here. So now, whenever the head of the Lovegood family places their hand on it and says the key phrases, it enlarges or shrinks."

"So we could put that in Kuoh?" Rias asked, trying to grapple with everything that Luna had just said.

"Mmhmm," Luna replied. "It will take care of the foundation and everything, even giving us a very nice basement, which you can still see the shell of here."

"What about the furniture and everything else that was in there?" Hermione asked. "Is all of it enchanted to shrink with the house?"

"No, that would be terribly inefficient," Luna replied. "The Rookery is enchanted to safely shrink everything inside it when it gets shrunk down. It also purposefully ejects living creatures from it before it shrinks, like that little rat over there."

"Rat?" Hermione asked, whipping around.

"I felt him get tossed out when the tower was shaking," Luna replied. "Poor little guy's probably very disoriented, but he's okay."

Rias laughed as she watched the rat finally notice them and run off, and she held out her hand, examining the rook as Luna handed it over. She was hardly a stranger to enchanted chess pieces, and this wasn't exactly an evil piece, but it was still a remarkable bit of enchanting.

"No one other than you can affect it?" she asked as she gave it back.

"Mmhmm," Luna replied. "Aldous Lovegood was very adamant about that. If Daddy were still alive, it would be tied to him, but as I'm now the last of us…"

She trailed off, looking down at the rook in her hand, and Rias took the other one, earning a warm smile from her.

"Hold onto it and we'll find a place in Kuoh," Rias smiled, already having decided that the Rookery was worth putting in town at least. "In the meantime, speaking of chess pieces..."

She summoned a pair of pawns and held out the evil pieces.

"Just tell me I'm not going to end up with cloven hooves or something," Hermione muttered.

"I swear that physical changes like that are very rare," Rias winced.

"To be fair to the evil pieces, weird things do happen to Harry a lot," Luna pointed out. "Besides, if you do end up with cloven hooves, I promise to knit you cute little socks and enchant them to soften any blows in case you kick us in your sleep."

Rias snorted at that as Hermione just shook her head.

"I do want to be a devil, despite everything," she admitted, stepping forward.

"Come," Rias smiled. "The first time a new devil enters the Underworld, they're legally required to do so via train, but if I turn you there…"

"You can bypass the requirement for now," Hermione nodded. "Right."

With a simple spell, Rias took the three of them back to the Underworld, leaving a big gaping hole in the ground in her wake. The next time anyone came to see the Rookery, they'd be very confused.

*****

"Harry?" Luna whispered. "I can sense you waking up."

Harry grumbled and went to roll over, finding, instead of a pillow, a pair of perky breasts, which worked much better.

"I'm glad these things curl back as sharply as they do," Luna murmured, tracing her fingers over his horns. "Having you rest on my boobs would be far less fun if there was much chance you accidentally goring me."

"Huh?" Harry asked, opening his eyes and looking up at Luna, who was cradling his head and had started running her nails over his scalp. "Mmm, feels good."

"Scalp scratches always do," Luna sighed happily. "How do you feel?"

"I…" Harry trailed off, remembering everything that had happened the previous day. "I slept well at least."

"Yeah, Rias' spell worked really well," Luna replied.

"Luna, I said not to bug him," Rias sighed as she flew in, followed by Hermione, who Harry realized after a moment was flying too.

"What the...oh!" he exclaimed, watching her grin widely as she flew about the room.

"I finally found a method that I like," the brunette beamed. "I never feared flying so much as falling, but now…"

"I take it you're a devil too?" Harry asked, looking over at Luna, who willed her bat-like wings to appear.

"Mmhmm," the blonde replied dreamily. "Rias turned us while you were sleeping, and then three of us cuddled together."

"At least these ones went off without any issues," Harry grumbled as he sat up and Rias sat next to him.

"I'm sorry about this," she sighed, stroking one of his horns.

"It's not your fault, and honestly I'm kind of used to it by now," Harry chuckled. "I stopped yearning to be normal a while ago."

"Normal's overrated," Luna said wisely. "Now, would you mind standing up? I want to see how tall you've gotten."

"Oh, right," Harry muttered, flying out of bed and landing in front of them.

Rias conjured a measuring tape and telekinetically moved it next to him, stretching it out against him.

"You're officially half a foot taller than you were when we met," she declared.

"Really?" Harry asked.

"You were my height when you first summoned me," Rias replied, "gained a couple inches over the course of the year and had quite the sudden growth spurt when you became a devil. You now stand at about 6'2, not counting the horns."

"Your feet are a lot bigger too," Hermione commented. Noticing a pair of black leather shoes by the door, she asked, "You conjured these?"

"Figured I needed something," Harry replied.

"Oh! I wonder if your penis is any bigger," Luna exclaimed, and before Harry could say a word, she spelled his clothes off. "Oh, wow."

"Holy hell," Hermione breathed.

"Fuck me," Rias moaned.

"What?" Harry asked, staring down at his cock, which had grown hard almost the second they started gawking at him. "It might be maybe half an inch longer and a little thicker at most."

"Harry, you…" Hermione went to reply only for Rias to beat her to it by summoning a full-length mirror in front of him.

"Oh," Harry chuckled as he finally realized what had made them stare like that. His body looked like it had been chiseled from stone, his every muscle strong and firm. His shoulders were broad, his neck thick, and his arms large, corded with muscle. His well-developed pectorals were prominent, and his stomach was flat, with six very distinct abs lining it. He looked like he'd spent years working on his physique, and while the past several months of intense training had paid off well, he hadn't looked nearly this good the day before. He was about to vanish the mirror when he felt a sharp pinch at his right buttock and looked behind him to see Luna.

"Sorry, but I just had to feel if that was as hard and firm as it looked," the blonde replied. "Feel free to pay me back in kind later."

"Wow, I didn't realize just how much you'd changed," Hermione breathed, running her hands up and down his left arm, seemingly entranced.

"You know, Harry, I did promise you that if you won the tournament, you could fuck my ass," Rias purred, flying behind him and pressing her breasts against the back of his head as she ran her hands over his chest.

"If I'd known you'd all react like this, I'd have trained even harder this year," Harry chuckled.

"Hermione, why don't you get him nice and wet for Rias?" Luna suggested. "As we both know, it's a very tight fit back there, and we wouldn't want her hurt."

"Of course," Hermione replied, vanishing her clothes with a wave of her hand and flying up to him, wrapping her arms around his head and her legs around his back as she slowly lowered herself down on his shaft, picking it up with her mind to make sure she was lined up perfectly. "Oh fuck!"

Harry grunted the same thing as he felt himself sink inside her soaking wet pussy, and he stumbled back against the wall. He'd have normally gone with some degree of foreplay first, but she was clearly soaking wet, and as he felt her start to bounce on his cock in the air, there was nothing he wanted more than to pound her within an inch of her sanity. Nothing, even harpy Fleur, had ever felt this good, and he could only grunt and groan as her pleasured moans echoed through the room.

"Yes, yes, yes, yes!" Hermione screamed. "So fucking good!"

"I told you," Rias chuckled as she watched the brunette fuck their boyfriend hard and leaned in to graze her nails over both of their scalps, "everything feels better as a devil. Food will taste better, your eyes will take in the beauty of the world in ways you've never experienced, and pleasure will be all the more intoxicating. If you weren't what you are, Harry, I might have worried that you'd have trouble holding back, but then, you've never lacked staying power."

"Truth be told, we should have known he was a pseudo-incubus ages ago," Luna piped up as she undressed both herself and Rias by snapping her fingers. "Why else would a virgin boy have been able to have sex with you without cumming instantly?"

"I nearly did," Harry grunted, picking up his pace as he held Hermione by her wonderfully round arse as he fucked her hard, "but then I kept going."

"Don't stop!" Hermione squealed. "Don't ever stop. HARRY!"

She shrieked as she came, writhing in his strong, powerful arms, and Luna bit her lower lip at the sight of her copious fluids running down along Harry's balls and falling to the floor below. Harry turned her around, pressed her up against the wall, and fucked her even harder, pounding her against it and drawing out her titanic climax further.

"I don't think we have to worry much about his cock not being sufficiently lubricated now," Luna commented, making Rias laugh, "which leaves only your tight little asshole."

"Wha...ahh!" Rias cried as she felt a sudden cold sensation as her bowels were cleaned and lubricated by Luna's spell.

"There," Luna smiled up at her. "That should take care of it, though; you did promise me that I could be more thorough."

Before Rias could even ask what she meant, Luna flew low behind her and, spreading her cheeks wide, pressed the tip of her tongue against her puckered rosette.

"Luna!" Rias cried, stumbling towards the bed and grabbing the sheets as she bent over. "Oh, fuck!"

"It feels really good, huh?" Luna asked as she continued rimming the gorgeous redhead.

"Shit, you're good at that," Rias moaned, comparing her to Akeno in her mind. It wasn't something that they did often, as she much preferred having her pussy eaten, but she was not opposed to rimjobs at all."

"More, more, more!" Hermione cried, lost in a sea of bliss.

From the moment Harry was undressed, she'd felt lust and desire in a way that she'd never known before. She wasn't sure if it was just her reacting to how gorgeous he'd become, her devilish nature making her wanton, or if he had some kind of allure now that he was an incubus, and in that moment she didn't care. All that mattered to her was feeling his long, thick cock spear into her again and again, driving her wild and making her scream in pleasure. He'd felt amazing inside her before, but this was an entirely different level, and she swore that she actually felt his cock shift inside a little when she started riding him. As it was angled, he was hitting her posterior fornix every time he drove deep, and she swore she was starting to lose her mind at the sheer intensity of her ecstasy.

"Hermione, when you next cum, let Rias have a turn," Luna called out. "She's dripping with anticipation."

"There's no need to ru...oh, wow," Rias snorted as she saw the look on Hermione's face. It was flushed bright red, and her jaw was slack as Harry's every rough thrust inside her made her scream again. Her eyes had rolled back, and she looked mindless, writhing in his arms through what she thought might be one long orgasm. "Harry, I doubt a devil can cum so hard she dies, but you might want to ease up a little."

"Huh?" Harry asked, shaking his head as her words cut though the haze of lust he'd been in, and he noticed just how out of it Hermione looked. "Um, are you okay?"

"So...good!" Hermione panted, sounding dazed as she stared at him with wide, unfocused eyes.

"I've got her," Luna replied for her, flying over and grabbing her under her arms to pull her off of him. Licking a trail up her neck, she giggled, "Ooh, salty."

Hermione just whimpered and shuddered as she felt his cock slip out of her depths, leaving her feeling terribly empty, but even that couldn't break through the haze of her endorphin flood.

"Harry, you worked really hard this year," Rias purred, looking over her shoulder at him and grinning lasciviously. "You deserve a reward for all your hard work, and I did promise you something really special if you won the tournament."

"You did, didn't you?" Harry chuckled, flying over as Luna laid Hermione down on the bed and started running her fingers through her hair.

"This started with you taking my virginity," Rias smiled, "freeing me from Riser and sending us all on this long, hedonistic journey together. I think it only fitting that we start the next chapter of our lives together the same way."

"And what a tight fit it will be," Harry rumbled, pushing one of his long, thick fingers inside her arse, making her gasp. "Are you sure this is what you want, Rias? I'm a lot bigger than my fingers, and you're so fucking tight back here."

"I do!" Rias cried, her grip on the sheets tightening until her knuckles turned white. "You already took my mouth and my pussy; take my ass too, and I'll be utterly yours, every inch and all three holes!"

"Thank you for yesterday," Harry whispered in her ear as he leaned in close and pulled his finger from her ass. "For coming to save me, giving me space when I needed it, and helping me sleep afterward. This all started with you agreeing to save my life, and you did, multiple times."

"You saved me too," Rias whispered, her throat tight as she grew emotional, peering into his dark green eyes and feeling love on a level she never had before. "You saved me from a life I would have hated and gave me so much. Now I want you to give me something else, something I promised you months ago."

"Gladly," Harry grinned, fisting his still wet cock and brushing her slick arsehole with the head of his cock, making her whimper. He pushed forward, and they both moaned as she gave way for him.

"Oh fuck!" Rias moaned, trailing off in a laugh as she felt him spread her anus wide. "Shit!"

"Fuck me, you're so tight," Harry groaned, grabbing her wide hips and going still.

"No, give me more!" Rias whimpered. "You feel so good already."

Harry pushed forward, sinking another couple inches of his cock inside her molten heat. He preferred vaginal sex for numerous reasons, the biggest one being the way that every inch of his lovers' pussies massaged him while he fucked them, but that didn't mean that anal wasn't incredible as well. The sheer tightness and pressure from her puckered rim was incredible, and the heat of her insides was just as amazing. He fucked her slowly with short thrusts, burying a little more of his cock inside her each time he pushed forward, all while she grunted and moaned, clawing at the sheets in front of her. She was being stretched in a way that she'd never experienced, and she swore he felt like he was pushing into her stomach.

"It feels really good, doesn't it?" Luna asked, joining them as Hermione sat up stretched her arms over her head.

"Merlin, Harry, that was amazing," the brunette purred. "My legs are still shaking."

"It...oh!" Rias cried out as she felt his hips press against her plush ass. "It was way more intense, wasn't it?"

"Like nothing else," Hermione sighed, resting on her back and watching them intently.

"Luna, I want you to try something," Harry said.

"Oh?" the blonde asked.

"I want you to see if I can eat you out while I fuck Rias," Harry replied. "Flying should make that possible."

"Ooo, that sounds like fun," Luna grinned, lifting herself off of the bed.

"Face me," Rias instructed, "and then spread your legs and move back. You can rest your thighs on his shoulders. They're clearly broad enough."

"Let me know when I can move, baby," Harry smiled down at her, and Rias returned the look.

"You can now," she replied, "but I wouldn't mind if you waited until Luna was in position."

Harry nodded and watched Luna fly towards him, flattening herself out in the air and spreading her legs wide. As she moved backward, he ghosted his hands over her legs and pulled her back into position until her dripping folds were right on his lips. Grinning as he felt her smooth thighs rest on his shoulders, he gave her a long lick from her clit from her perineum and pulled most of his length from Rias' ass.

"Oh yes!" Luna cried as Rias yelped at the sudden movement.

Harry grinned, working his way up to a slow, steady pace with his crimson-haired lover, wanting to give her a chance to get used to him, as his tongue began to dance through Luna's dripping wet folds. The blonde mewled and moaned, faltering in the air a couple times as she soared towards her peak, but holding on well enough. She stretched her arms down, ready to catch herself if she fell, hoping to avoid collapsing on Rias directly, and she clenched her thighs around Harry's head.

"Harder!" Rias cried, and he picked up his pace, fucking her with long, hard strokes.

She dug her nails into the sheets and started throwing her ass back against him in time with his thrusts, clenching her inner muscles each time he pulled back. Harry groaned in pleasure and began swirling his tongue around Luna's clit, making her moan loudly. There were countless reasons for him to want to be rid of the Horcrux, and after he'd learned all that Voldemort had to teach him, there was no strategic reason to avoid that. There was one thing that he feared he might lose with it, though, and as Luna began to shake, drawing close to her orgasm, he decided to test out if he still possessed one of his most useful abilities.

"Cum," he hissed in parseltongue, and he sighed in relief when he heard her squeal in pleasure.

"YES!" the blonde shrieked, writhing in ecstasy as it thundered through her body in waves. Her control over her flight slipped, and she was forced to hold herself up on her arms, her hands landing on either side of Rias' body, but she didn't care at all, lost in the mind-melting pleasure that was coursing through her.

"More, more, more!" Rias cried, feeling the pressure inside her build rapidly.

"I never would have expected it, but I really do enjoy anal," Hermione smiled as she settled next to her. "The overwhelming fullness, the feeling of his bulging veins against me, the throbbing heat of him; it's all so intense back there."

"Yes, it...is!" Rias cried. "Fuck, I'm so close."

Hermione looked up at Luna, seeing her steadying herself in the air as she came down from her high and bade to Harry continue eating her out and then looked back down at Rias, whose whole body was beginning to quiver. Grinning to herself, she licked her fingers and reached under the redhead, finding her clit and making her squeal.

"Hermione?" she asked, looking over and shuddering at her.

"Cum for him, Rias," the brunette grinned wickedly. "Cum for him, and I'm sure he'll be nice enough to pump your bowels full of his thick, white seed."

"HARRY!" Rias squealed as she came, and Harry groaned in pleasure, pulling back from Luna's pussy as his thrusts grew erratic.

He let go with a roar, filling her with rope after rope of cum, and Rias' eyes bulged at the feeling. She came again hard, squirting all over him and Hermione, and her pleasured screams echoed through the room. Writhing in pleasure, she fell forward, her mind lost in a haze of bliss as her vision went white. When Harry pulled his still-hard cock from her depths, Luna immediately flew down and started lapping at her gaping asshole, drinking down his cum as she waved her hand at Hermione and pointed at Harry's cock.

"I think she wants me to clean you up," Hermione purred, lifting his heavy cock up and winking at him as she lowered herself down towards him. This was another act that she'd have balked at not long ago, but in that moment she didn't care at all and didn't hesitate to wrap her lips around his shaft, bobbing her head up and down on him.

"Holy fuck," Harry groaned, resting his hands on her head as she did her best to suck his soul out of his cock.

This had been one of the raunchier sexual encounters of his life, and as he looked around the room, he knew that it was far from over. Yesterday had been very difficult, and he knew damn well that he had challenges ahead of him like nothing he'd ever known, but he also knew that he wasn't going to have face to them alone. He had overcome seemingly impossible odds before and won, and with his devoted girlfriends at his side, he had to believe that he would do so again.

*****

Hours later, Harry went to explore the grounds of the castle, with Luna and Hermione tagging along, and Rias sent her servants to show them around, wishing for a moment alone. From the top of the tallest tower, she peered out at her family's demesne, stretching for miles in every direction, and thought back to the last two fights she'd been in.

The second she was close enough, Rias switched the positions and unleashed a massive blast of power at her unsuspecting foe, hitting him directly.

Elias didn't even have a chance to scream as he was atomized by the blast.

Holding her hands out in front of her, her tiredness was forgotten for a moment in her anger, and she unleashed the Power of Destruction on her masked foes in a wave of power the likes of which she'd never managed before. A half a dozen of them were atomized before they even realized they were in danger, and horrified screams rang out across the room at the sight of the enraged devils.

Holding her hand outstretched before her, she conjured a ball of crimson destruction, watching its terrible power grow denser and denser as she fed it.

"I think I owe you an apology," Venelana murmured as she joined her.

"What?" Rias asked, struggling to recall the last time her mother had apologized for anything.

"When you used Harry to break your engagement to Riser, I thought your method crude and done in unnecessary haste," Venelana replied, "and yet so much good has come of it both for you and for the family at large. I misjudged you, and I'm sorry for that."

"Hermione told you what Harry is," Rias said, and she nodded.

"The girl is bright, something that shone even through her complete confusion," Venelana chuckled. "She's the one who figured out how to make that magical room produce our new library, yes?"

"She is," Rias replied, smiling softly. "She's been a great asset, and she's become a good friend; they all have."

"Even the Veela you mentioned?" Venelana asked.

"Things with Fleur have been rockier than they have with the others," Rias replied, choosing not to mention the ritual, "but they've improved over time. I might take her along with them on the train the next time we come to the Underworld."

"Right," Venelana nodded. "Rias, the Phenexes are furious with us; that hasn't waned."

"Have they made trouble?" Rias asked, furrowing her brow.

"Not overtly, but an angry devil can be a subtle adversary, an angry clan of them even more so," Venelana replied. "I don't know how Harry became what he has…"

"Even Lord Ajuka doesn't have a clue about that so far," Rias replied.

"But he could be a great help to us here," Venelana continued.

"How could Harry help with the Phenexes?" Rias asked. "They have more reason to be angry at him than any of us, save for me."

"They are angry because their pride was wounded," Venelana explained. "We are proud creatures by nature, my daughter, because Lucifer made us that way, but pride is not our only sin. We are also covetous, and there isn't one among us who doesn't crave power. Think about it for a moment; you're no fool, Rias."

"Ravel?" Rias asked, her eyes widening, and her mother just smiled.

"I already explained my reasoning for seeking the union between you and Riser," Venelana replied, "but the Phenexes had their own reasons. It would have tied them directly to the family that produced Sirzechs, not only giving them a connection to him but also giving them a chance to produce similarly impressive children. Tying their daughter to an incubus would be a greater boon than that, and it would still tie them to us as they desired."

"You're suggesting that I use Harry to repair our diplomatic relations with another house?" Rias bristled, and Venelana just laughed.

"You are still so young, Rias," she grinned. "You have no idea what you have in your grasp."

"What are you talking about?" Rias asked.

"You love him, yes?" Venelana asked.

"I do," Rias nodded.

"And you have turned him, made him your pawn," Venelana continued. "You have already allowed him a harem, one you seem to have actively built. He loves you too; that much is clear, so marry him, be his wife, and in time, when people ask who is the most powerful woman in the Underworld, your name will be mentioned in the same breath as Serafall and Grayfia."

"You want me to marry him?" Rias asked in surprise. "I figured that I'd need to spend ages warming you to the idea."

"If he was just a newly turned devil, I would have my reservations, but he is an incubus, and that changes everything," Venelana grinned. "What do you think the other clans are going to do when they learn about him? I spoke to your brother earlier, and he made it clear that he is trying to keep things quiet for as long as possible, but word will spread."

"They'll want him," Rias breathed, finally realizing what her mother was getting at. "They'll all try sending their daughters to seduce him."

"Your cousin Seekvaira, Latia Astaroth, Roygun Belphegor, Ravel Phenex, the list goes on," Venelana grinned. "Be his wife, and you will be the mistress of his harem, even more than you already are. Every clan in the Underworld with a suitable daughter will seek to send her his way, and as his wife, it will be you they all end up kneeling before for a taste of him. You cannot fathom such power, my daughter."

Rias swallowed thickly, imagining all four of them and even more begging her for Harry's seed. Her beautiful cousin, the bratty little firebird, the proud regal lady, and even the top-rated female devil in the Rating Games; each one would happily lick her cunt for a chance to have him, especially if they'd already felt the pleasure of his touch, the exquisite allure of his lustful aura, and the madness-inducing ecstasy of coming around his massive cock. For all her talk of being a creature of sin, Rias was generally rather tame for one of her kind, but in that moment she felt a desire for power the likes of which she'd never known.

"I won't rush into anything, and I won't push anything on Harry, including my hand," she muttered a moment later, shaking her head and trying to calm the heat in her core. "We will be partners; I might be his master, but I won't rule him like that."

The bright red collar appeared on her neck for a fraction of a second as she mentioned being his master, but Venelana was rolling her eyes at the time and didn't notice. It also faded quickly, which she was grateful for, as the last thing she wanted was to end up in her punished state in front of her mother.

"There isn't a straight man alive who would turn down what I described," Venelana scoffed, "but I will leave this with you. You've proven yourself more capable than I ever realized, and I am proud of all you've accomplished this year."

"Speaking of my accomplishments, there was something that I meant to ask you about," Rias replied. "Have you ever experienced a sudden boost in your power?"

"When I was young, it developed rapidly at certain points," Venelana replied. "Why?"

"I got into a couple fights yesterday, and I seemed...significantly more powerful than I had been," Rias replied. "One of them was against some very disoriented wizards, and I wouldn't have struggled with them at any rate, but I wiped out half a dozen of them with one attack."

"Curious," Venelana mused, twisting the rings on one of her fingers as she thought about it. "Care to spar?"

"Sure," Rias replied, her wings spreading out from her back as she took to the air, followed closely by her mother.

Venelana hadn't fought seriously in some time, but there was a time when she was deeply feared in the Underworld, as most members of the Bael line generally were, and she wasn't someone to take lightly.

"Alright, Rias, show me what you've got," she grinned, bracing herself as she felt her daughter's aura flare.

Rias launched a massive blast of destructive energy her way, and Venelana grinned, flying out of the way and letting it pass harmlessly by her. As it did, though, she felt the sheer amount of power that her daughter had put into the attack, and her eyes widened.

"Impressive," she grinned. "Manage more attacks like that, and I might consider you on Millicas' level."

"Your shit-talking loses its bite when you can't fully suppress the impressed tone," Rias laughed, lobbing a condensed ball of destruction at Venelana, who chose to shield against it, grunting as she felt the power of it bash against her barrier.

Pointing two fingers together at her, she focused her power tighter and tighter, forming little black and crimson balls, which she then launched right at Rias, whose eyes widened at the sudden onslaught. She conjured a series of three shields, and felt her arms shake as her mother's rapid attacks slammed into them with great force. The barrage went on and on, sounding and looking like machine gun fire, and just as she managed to break through Rias' first shield, she stopped and flew back down to the tower.

"I've seen enough," Venelana smiled as Rias joined her. "Your technique still needs work, but you are certainly more powerful than you were the last time we did anything like that."

"I'm more powerful than I was a few months ago," Rias replied, "and I didn't even notice until I was forced to fight seriously against a particularly annoying stray in Kuoh. I don't get it."

"There's nothing you can think of that might explain your sudden improvement?" Venelana asked. "No other strange fight you were in or work of magic that you undertook."

"The pact!" Rias thought to herself, knowing that the ritual she'd undergone with Harry certainly counted as a work of magic. She'd have honestly wondered if having sex with an incubus could have such an impact on her, as the rush of energy she felt when he came inside her had been nothing short of soul-searing, but she'd noticed the effects before he transformed.

"Did you think of something?" Venelana asked.

"I'm not sure," Rias replied. "I have an idea, but it seems unlikely. I could check the library, though, and see if there's anything there that could explain it."

"I'll show you," Venelana smiled. "You should see the sheer number of space-extension charms that went into the construction of the tower. It extends taller than any of the others, burrows down as many floors below the ground as it rises above it, and we still had to expand each floor to fit everything in."

"In Hogwarts, the room extended farther than we could see after we had it create the omnilibrary," Rias chuckled.

"I slipped in earlier, by the way, and finished sealing it," Venelana commented. "Now, only one of our blood can access it. I made a point of looking around and trying to get a sense of how it was made, something that I might continue doing over the next couple months."

"You would try to recreate it?" Rias asked.

"It's already proven to be quite the boon, and if I could, that would be extraordinary," Venelana replied. "Come, I think you'll enjoy my decorative choices for the library."

Rias chuckled and flew after her as she went towards the library, hoping that she'd be able to find something that could tell her if there were any side effects of the ritual that the scroll hadn't mentioned.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: May 29, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Brawlingbard, Markuz Black, Fridrich and 269 others
voivode_writer
May 27, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 30 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Jun 10, 2025
Add bookmark
#722
"Alright, that will allow me to run a number of tests," Ajuka said as he held up the vial containing Harry's blood. "Now tell me, have you noticed any obvious changes since your transformation?"

"Nothing that Rias has said is odd," Harry replied. "My senses are better, not just my vision, and I'm far stronger and faster than I was before. I see a lot better at night as well."

"Mmhmm," Ajuka nodded. "Those are perfectly normal. I want you to mention any change you experience to your master, and I will be informing her that I want to immediately be told about anything that she sees as odd."

"Were all records about incubi and succubi lost?" Harry asked.

"There never were any," Ajuka sighed. "Leviathan had a perfect memory, and she apparently took pride in never having to write anything down, which I'm sure was very impressive, but it also meant that when she died…"

"We were screwed," Harry sighed, having hoped that some records about what he'd become might be in the library.

"Everything we know about what you are comes from second-hand accounts from millennia ago," Ajuka replied. "The truth is that we don't know much at all."

"I'm highly virile, and I have horns and a tail," Harry said, recalling how he and Rias had nearly forgotten to use a contraception charm as they had sex the other day, having not bothered before. "Is that really all that we know so far?"

"Leviathan seemed to think that incubi and succubi could derive greater power from sex, almost as if the act itself empowered them in some way, but again, we don't know just what her findings were," Ajuka replied. "This is part of what makes you so fascinating. You're a research subject like none other."

"At least I'm entertaining to you," he thought to himself, knowing better than to speak the snarky remark aloud.

Ajuka was friendly enough, if quite cold and prickly at times, but he was also stupidly powerful, something that Harry hadn't really grasped until he saw Sirzechs, who was apparently the man's equal, wipe out the Dementors like they were nothing.

"Now, there is one other thing," Ajuka said, conjuring a few petri dishes. "I need semen samples."

"What?" Harry asked.

"At the risk of sounding indelicate, you are an incredibly important resource," Ajuka replied, "and if you were to die, we would lose a massive opportunity here. I refuse to risk ending up in the same position we were in before, and as I imagine you would object to being kept in Agreas in perpetuity, I require insurance."

"Right," Harry replied, taking the petri dishes from the powerful devil. "You won't use these without telling me first, right?"

"I won't use these unless you die without progeny," Ajuka replied. "I want insurance in case anything happens to you but I'm not in any rush to impregnate random devils with little incubi and succubi just yet. You can use that restroom over there."

"Okay. Will do," Harry said, willing enough to give the powerful devil what he required.

He walked over to the restroom and closed the door behind him before lowering his pants and taking his cock in hand, conjuring warm lubricant in his hand and smearing it over the shaft. He snorted as he realized that he hadn't even done this since before he met Rias, having had a more than active sex life in the months since. Of course, just like riding a bike, one never forgot how to do this, and in seconds he had stroked himself to his full length. He opened one of the petri dishes and held it out in front of his cock, wondering just how he was supposed to do this. His cumshots had always been on the longer side, and he wasn't entirely sure how to make the shallow dish catch it all, but he figured he'd try it out and clean up any mess he made. He wasn't about to ask Ajuka; that was sure.

Closing his eyes, he imagined his lovers in the many, many different positions and combinations he'd taken them in during the past several months, stroking his cock faster and faster as he, for the first time in a long time, actually tried to cum quickly. He recalled buggering Rias the night before, suppressing a groan at the memory. She's been so hot and so fucking tight, and while she'd made it clear that that wasn't going to become an every-night thing, he knew that he'd get to claim her tightest hole again soon.

"Fuck," he grunted as he came, only to freeze as the cumshot hit his fingers as well as the petri dish, making his hands slippery enough for the dish to slip out.

He watched in horror as rope after massive rope of cum shot across the room, painting the walls, the ceiling, and the floor even whiter than they already were. His grip on the petri dish hadn't been very tight, but even if he'd held onto it, it would have been entirely inadequate. By the time Ajuka popped back over and knocked on the door, he had painted much of the room with his semen.

"Harry, what was that?" the powerful devil asked as Harry looked around in shock.

He'd cum inside Rias and the others a few times last night, and each time that he did, one of the others immediately started drinking from her, so he had no idea that his semen production had increased so dramatically.

He vanished the semen, cleaning the restroom as thoroughly as he could as he replied, asking, "Um, do you have any...mason jars?"

"Why in the world would you need...oh," Ajuka replied flatly. "Just one moment."

Harry winced and vanished the shards of the shattered petri dish.

*****

"Wow, it's beautiful," Hermione marveled as she looked around the library.

With its dark blue walls and dark wooden shelves, it was a truly gorgeous library, and as Hermione looked around, she wondered just how many floors up and down it extended, knowing that it had to be truly enormous to contain the entire omnilibrary.

"Why, thank you," Zeoticus said, and Hermione whipped around in shock, her face going red as she realized that she hadn't seen him sitting in the corner. "You're Hermione, right? The one responsible for all this?"

"Yes, sir...er, my lord," Hermione replied, and Zeoticus chuckled.

"You've given my family a tremendous boon here," he smiled, "and I must thank you for that."

"It was my pleasure," Hermione replied. "When I first realized just how extensive the library was, I actually teared up at the thought that I'd never get to read a fraction of it, but just having all this knowledge preserved was...there was no way that I could just leave it as it was."

"And now that you're a devil, you'll get a chance to read far more of it," Zeoticus smiled. "For your work in bringing this all to my family, I'm granting you permanent unrestricted access to the library. Anything you wish to read, you can."

"Thank you, my lord," Hermione beamed, her gaze falling to the leather-bound tome in his hands. "If you don't mind me asking, what are you reading?"

"This is an account from one of the inventors of the Atlantean automatons," Zeoticus replied. "It's truly fascinating."

"I'm sorry, Atlantis was real?" Hermione asked.

"Oh yes," Zeoticus replied. "It was raised from the ocean as your ancestors sought to flee from the servants of the Tyrant in the antediluvian age. The first products of unions between the Fallen and humans were generally powerful, but they were no match for the heavenly host, and as the Tyrant had forbidden his angels to couple at all, much less with his favorite experiment, he was more than a little angry with them. The magical kingdom of Atlantis stood for ages, their powerful magics managing to help them elude even his eyes."

"What happened to them?" Hermione asked. "Did Go...the Tyrant eventually find them?"

"Their end was his doing, but not intentionally," Zeoticus replied. "The Flood crippled their runic supports, and though it receded from the rest of the world when the other gods, led by a very angry Poseidon, briefly united as one to force the Tyrant's hand, the damage had already been done. Atlantis returned to the depths from which it had been raised, and all their great works went with them, until now, that is."

"This doesn't sound like something you just discovered," Hermione pointed out and Zeoticus chuckled.

"It isn't," he replied. "My ancestor, Runeas Gremory, had dealings with them back in the day, and her journals contain a vivid description of what their kingdom was like. I've been fascinated by them since I was a boy, and I cannot tell you how pleased I am to have actual Atlantean texts to pore over."

"Were these automatons soldiers?" Hermione asked.

"No, they were servants," Zeoticus replied. "Their population was small, and they were reluctant to venture out into the greater world, lest they run afoul of Heaven again, so the practice of slavery, which was utterly ubiquitous at the time, wasn't an option, so they turned to magic for a solution."

"Sort of like house elves are now," Hermione murmured.

"Pretty much," Zeoticus replied.

"Actually, that raises a question I've been meaning to ask someone here for a while," Hermione said. "Rias said that house elves don't do well in the Underworld, but she didn't know how exactly, and it's been a very busy year. Harry has a pair of elves and…"

"The ones who helped the library project to start with, yes," Zeoticus interrupted her, stroking his goatee. "I don't think they die if they come here or anything, but I've just always known that it's best not to bother. I remember my grandfather said that they were very annoying once, but he didn't say anything else."

"Annoying?" Hermione asked, furrowing her brow in confusion. "I mean, they can be pretty...exuberant in their zeal to serve at times."

"The only other thing I remember is my grandmother saying that some of them smelled really bad," Zeoticus shrugged, confusing Hermione further. "We have no shortage of servants in the Underworld, so no one I know has ever considered bringing them over. I can ask Venelana and a few of my friends if they know more, but your best source of information is likely around us."

"Right," Hermione nodded. "Thank you for your time."

Zeoticus just smiled and returned to his book.

*****

"It was bloody mortifying," Harry groaned as Luna giggled and Rias hid her smile with her hand. "You could have told me I came like a breeding bull."

"To be honest, Harry, I didn't notice the difference," Rias replied, "though by the time you cum inside me, I'm never particularly aware of anything."

"You do have that effect on us," Luna added, crawling behind him on the bed and massaging his shoulders.

"Oh, that's good," Harry sighed in pleasure as her surprisingly strong hands kneaded his muscles. "The good news is that Ajuka has about a pint of my semen now, so if anything happens to me, the underworld should be fine."

"A pint?" Rias asked.

"I was so embarrassed I went a little overboard," Harry replied, "and he did provide me with a few jars, so…"

"Well, while, you spent the morning masturbating, I popped over to Kuoh and picked up the material I missed," Rias said.

"Your classes continue for a couple more weeks now?" Harry asked.

"Three," Rias replied. "Did Lord Ajuka say anything else about you sticking around here?"

"No, I'm good to go," Harry replied. "As much as I'd like to visit Kuoh and finally see Japan, I need to check in with Sirius."

"Of course," Rias smiled. "I'll take you three back to Grimmauld Place and probably send Akeno along to collect you later. I imagine you have more than a few letters to write too."

"Right," Harry sighed. Given that he was leaving the country, he had a fair few people to say goodbye to. "Where's Hermione?"

"Do you really need to ask?" Luna asked.

"Library, right," Harry chuckled. "Well, we'll go get her in a few minutes. Given that you're nearing the end of a school year, I imagine you're really busy…"

"I'll never be too busy to take care of you, Harry," Rias cut him off. "Your life was in danger and…"

"I was going to say I hope it won't interfere with our ritual plans," Harry cut her off. "The full moon is in a few days."

"Actually, there's something I need to talk to you all about regarding that," Rias replied, earning curious looks from both of them. "We should go get Hermione, since this affects her too…"

"What affects me?" Hermione asked as she walked in.

Rias closed the door behind her with a wave of her hand and said, "I don't think we should undo the ritual; in fact, I think you should do it with Akeno instead."

"What?" Harry asked. "Why?"

"Well, Akeno wants to, for one thing, and it turns out that there's more to this than that scroll said," Rias replied, summoning a heavy tome she'd found in the library the day before and opening it to the relevant page. "By the way, Hermione, how are you finding the gift of tongues?"

"I read a book in a dead language earlier, so I'm pretty happy at the moment," Hermione replied with a wide smile, though that gave way to a look of shock as she read through the passage Rias was pointing to. "Oh, wow."

"Wait, what?" Harry asked, blinking in confusion.

"Oh, that's why you destroyed that bugman like you did!" Luna exclaimed, and Rias just smiled.

"Apparently, the master-servant contract is a little less one-sided than we believed," the redhead explained. "I seemed stronger than I was before because I am."

"So every time we have sex…" Harry went to ask.

"Not necessarily, but every time you trigger the bond and then have sex, it makes her a little more powerful," Hermione replied before he even finished, reading through the book. "This is written in those same nearly Luciferian characters."

"It's almost certainly from another world," Rias nodded, "one that I wish we could access. If there are devils there too, I would love to see how they differ from us."

"Do you think that might be possible?" Luna asked.

"If it is possible, the answer to how to do it is likely in the library," Hermione replied.

"Sex," Harry said, snapping his fingers as his eyes went wide.

"I'm always willing," Luna replied.

"No, I mean, sex might be the key," Harry added. "Earlier, when I was speaking to Lord Ajuka, he said that he incubi and succubi were thought to draw power from sex, becoming stronger the more they did it. If the master-servant contracts allow for the master to strengthen the servants through sex…"

"You could bond all of us and make it entirely reciprocal," Luna finished for him. "Our orgies could make us all more powerful!"

"That…" Hermione trailed off, her eyes going wide as she realized what that would mean. "That could give you a way to catch up to Rizevim's level."

"We don't know for sure that sex will make you stronger, and frankly, we can't say for absolute certain that the master-servant contract has the effects described here," Rias cautioned them. "The whole reason that I want you to bond Akeno as well is that it would provide us with another test subject. If we both progress by leaps and bounds over the next couple months, then we'll know for sure."

"That's...scientific," Hermione replied. "At the very least, it would let us determine if one's reluctance to submit during the acts has any impact on the apparent benefits."

"Are you sure, though?" Harry asked, taking her hand. "I know it hasn't been your favorite thing in the world."

"I'm no more submissive now than I was a few months ago, but if this really works the way that the book describes, there is nothing that I wouldn't let you do to me," Rias purred. "You know how much I want to succeed in the rating games. If I can grow stronger just by letting you fuck my brains out and make me call you master, that's a price I'm more than willing to pay. It's not exactly torture, after all."

Harry grinned at that and kissed her, chuckling when she immediately moved to dominate the kiss. She'd been willing to accept the bond and all its' aspects to keep him safe, so he wasn't entirely surprised that she was willing to keep it if it meant getting a leg up on her competition in the games, given that being a top-ranked competitor in them was her dream.

"Well, if there's nothing else we need to do here, I can return you three to England," Rias smiled.

"Will you be by later?" Luna asked.

"No, I have some stuff to catch up on, but I'll send Akeno over," Rias replied.

None of them had any truly pressing reasons to stay in the Underworld for the time being, so Rias opened a teleportation circle around them, and in a flash of light they were gone, reappearing in the sitting room of 10 Grimmauld Place.

"Harry, thank...what the hell?" Sirius exclaimed, staring up at him in shock.

"Oh, right," Rias winced as she remembered that they'd forgotten to hide his horns. In their defense, they weren't exactly going somewhere public, but it still would have been wise.

"Hi, Sirius," Harry replied, furrowing his brow in feigned confusion. "What, do I have something on my face?"

Sirius looked at him for a few seconds before he started to laugh and pulled Harry in for a hug.

"Did you transfigure those on?" Sirius asked, "And is this a tail?"

"No, and yes," Harry replied. "There were a few complications when I became a devil, but I'm otherwise fine, and look..."

With a wave of his hand, he made the horns and tail disappear, looking more normal again.

"I'm sorry, you became a devil?" Sirius asked.

"It's something we can do to humans we feel would serve us well or just really want to see live longer," Rias replied, taking Harry's hand. "My people can live for thousands of years, after all."

"Right," Sirius muttered, shaking his head. "Apparently the process causes growth spurts. You're taller now than James was. What?"

"There's something I need to tell you," Harry replied.

"I need to get back to Japan," Rias said softly, kissing Harry goodbye. "I'll see you tomorrow."

"See you then," Harry smiled as she disappeared.

"Crookshanks!" Hermione exclaimed as the angry orange cat marched into the room, meowing at her in obvious annoyance. Picking him up, she added, "Oh, I'm so sorry, but we had to go quickly, and I had some business to take care of. Now let's get you some treats."

"I'll go check on the owls," Luna murmured. "It's nice seeing you again, Sirius."

"So, is this a butterbeer conversation or a firewhiskey one?" Sirius asked once they were alone.

"You have anything stronger than that?" Harry muttered and Sirius just winced, summoning his nearby bottle of whiskey.

"That bad, huh?" Sirius asked as he poured them a couple glasses. "Is this about what happened yesterday?"

"Yes," Harry sighed, sipping the fiery liquid.

"Rias said that you sort of died," Sirius prompted.

"I did," Harry replied. "I got distracted for a moment, Voldemort's killing curse hit me, and...I saw my father."

Sirius' eyes went wide as saucers, and he downed his glass, choking out, "You saw James?"

"I did," Harry sighed, smiling despite the news he'd gotten.

"What did he...how did he…" Sirius stammered.

"He was proud of me," Harry whispered, not trusting his voice, "and he needed my help."

"Your help?" Sirius asked, still not entirely having processed that the soul of his dearest friend in all the world had spoken to his son. "Was Lily there?"

"That's what he needed help with," Harry replied before launching into the entire story.

Sirius' face went from jubilant at the idea that his old friend was still out there in some form to horrified over the course of it, and by the end, he was sitting next to Harry with an arm around his shoulders and refilling their glasses.

"I hope you don't think that's your fault," he said.

"No, but like with Luna's dad and Hermione's parents, it's my responsibility," Harry replied. "I have to get strong enough to rescue her. I have to…"

"From the son of the Devil," Sirius added, shaking his head. "Merlin, Harry."

"I know, I know," Harry sighed. "Ajuka and Sirzechs assure me that she's not in actual danger right now, or I'd be freaking out far more."

"So, is it even safe to wear the cloak with those horns?" Sirius asked, changing the subject, and Harry's eyes went wide.

"The cloak!" he exclaimed, his hand flying into his mokeskin pouch as he jumped to his feet. "Hermione?!"

"What is it?" Hermione asked, rushing into the room.

"Did you see where my cloak went?" Harry asked, his heart sinking as he realized that it wasn't in the pouch.

"I gave it back to you at Sirzechs' palace," Hermione replied, her brow furrowing in concern. "After that you transformed, and we were all so distracted that I didn't see what happened to it. We can ask him if his servants found it."

"What's wrong?" Luna asked.

"Harry misplaced the cloak," Hermione replied. "I gave it to him just before Rias used her evil pieces on him, and in the chaos that followed, it must have been dropped."

"Well, I'm sure Sirzechs servants will find it," Luna assured him as Harry suddenly remembered his transformation and sat down heavily.

"No, they won't," he said despondently. "Oh no."

"What is it?" Sirius asked.

"The cloak was destroyed," Harry croaked.

"What?" Sirius breathed. "How?"

"I...I remember," Harry breathed, feeling his eyes grow misty. "Something was wrong with me. The evil pieces had worked, but something wasn't right. I was burning up and felt like my head was going to explode. I was reaching for something, anything to make it stop, and three things responded. The cloak, the stone, and Dumbledore's wand, they…"

"The Hallows," Luna breathed. "Oh Merlin, that must have been the Elder Wand."

"Wait, the Deathly Hallows?" Sirius asked. "Those things are a myth, a children's story; they…"

"The Resurrection Stone was real," Hermione whispered, looking down and swallowing thickly as she realized that she'd never get to speak to her parents again. "Luna and I both used it."

"What?!" Sirius exclaimed.

"Harry's cloak was the Cloak of Invisibility," Luna added. "That's why it lasted as long as it did."

"I...I thought it was just really well made," Sirius said weakly. "That would mean, though…"

"Damn it!" Harry shouted, slamming his fist down on the table so hard it cracked. With tears in his eyes, he buried his face in his hands and mourned the first proper connection to his parents he'd ever had. "Fuck, I'm so sorry. I…"

"Harry, you have nothing to apologize for," Hermione insisted, wrapping her arms around him.

"But the stone…" Harry went to protest, trailing off. "I don't even understand what happened."

"You had all three of them," Luna explained. "That made you their master, and when whatever Rizevim did to you made your devil transformation go wonky, you must have subconsciously pulled on them. Even Sirzechs couldn't destroy the stone, which meant that it had to be extremely powerful. Their sacrifice might be the only reason that you survived at all, if things were as bad as Rias said."

"I...need to lie down," Harry breathed, making his way upstairs.

"Kreacher, show him which room is his," Sirius sighed, and the house elf popped over and led Harry away. Pouring himself another shot, he shook his head, saying, "Keep an eye on him, will you? This has been a really rough couple days for him."

"I thought Voldemort's final defeat would be something joyous," Hermione sighed, repairing the table.

"It didn't come without cost," Luna sighed.

"You should have seen the paper this morning," Sirius muttered.

"Oh?" Luna asked.

"Strangely, people aren't taking the fact that dozens of armed lunatics broke into Hogwarts and killed a couple students well," Sirius snarked.

"A couple?" Hermione asked, her eyes widening in alarm. "Oh no, did anyone else die? I thought that Koneko saved Ron and the oth…"

"Draco Malfoy is being considered one of their victims, at least for now," Sirius replied. "Between that and the fact that dozens of upstanding pureblood lords were among the dark wanker's followers, the whole country's in an uproar. Fudge has already resigned, and Amelia Bones has taken over in the interim."

"That piece of garbage is the one who brought the Death Eaters into the school," Hermione raged.

"Proving that would might difficult with everyone involved dead," Sirius replied, "especially since Lucius Malfoy was apparently murdered by a known Death Eater a few months ago. Narcissa is understandably furious, and while Dumbledore's apparently running interference, let's just say that I'm not opposed to the idea of leaving the country just now. He was over earlier and let me know about our apparent moving plans. You're lucky I have a pretty good poker face, or I might have let slip that it was the first I'd heard of it."

"Sorry about that," Hermione muttered. "Our original plans for the summer involved us all staying here and hopefully finding a way to finish Voldemort off before the next school year. I know that Harry was increasingly considering leaving here and moving to Japan to be with Rias and Akeno once the Horcrux was gone and we were finally rid of him, but I swear that's something that we were all going to discuss at length."

"Then Voldemort attacked the school, and, well…" Luna added.

"As we were standing there in the great hall, surrounded by the mangled bodies of Voldemort and dozens of Death Eaters, being gawked at by Professor Dumbledore, Harry just said that we'd be leaving soon so it wouldn't really matter what the ministry thought," Hermione sighed.

"I'm not going to lie, it is a bit of a shitstorm at the moment," Sirius muttered, "but no one in their right mind would try to try Harry for killing Voldemort and his minions. Are you sure that you want to leave, though? I figured from our brief interactions that you might look to teach after you graduated, if only so you could keep going to Hogwarts."

"There was a time when I might have thought that way, and I do still cherish the time I spent there, but if Harry wants to move on, I'm happy to follow him," Hermione replied. "What about you, though?"

"I don't exactly have the most pleasant memories of Britain," Sirius replied dryly, "and my only remaining friend is living in Germany at the moment, so what would really keep me here other than Harry?"

"I feel the same way," Luna smiled sadly.

"I'm surprised you're willing to leave the Hogwarts library behind so easily, though," Sirius chuckled, and Hermione looked at him in surprise.

"Oh right, we haven't told you about that yet," she said. "We actually found a…"

She trailed off as a summoning circle appeared in the middle of the room and smiled as Akeno appeared, though her face fell as she saw how troubled she looked.

"Akeno, is something wrong?" Luna asked.

"Rias sent me to check on Harry," Akeno replied listlessly. "Where is he?"

"Upstairs," Hermione replied as Sirius muttered something that sounded like 'bloody hell, pup,' under his breath.

"Hello," he said, standing up. "We haven't met. I'm Sirius Black."

"Akeno Himejima," Akeno replied, barely looking at him. "Excuse me."

"Um, is she usually like that?" Sirius asked as she flew upstairs.

"Not at all," Luna replied, sounding concerned as she stared after her. "Hopefully she and Harry will be able to help each other."

"Anyway, as I was saying, we found this room in Hogwarts that not even you and your friends knew about," Hermione continued. "It was a room that could conjure virtually anything within the bounds of Gamp's Laws, and I eventually realized that it could recreate books…"

*****

"Fucking hell, what a mess," Harry muttered, lying on his bed and staring at the ceiling. When a knock came to the door, he called out, "Hermione, I just need a little…"

"It's me," Akeno replied, sounding quite unlike herself, and Harry sat up.

"Come in," he replied, furrowing his brow as he saw how she looked. Her hair was down instead of done up in a ponytail like she usually kept it, and her purple eyes looked hooded, as though she hadn't slept well the night before. "What's wrong?"

"Hmm?" Akeno asked before shaking her head. "Nothing, I just wanted to see how you were doing. Rias filled me in on some of what happened after I left."

"I'm not okay," Harry sighed, standing up and undoing the illusion charms he'd cast on his new features. "I grew horns and a tail, and somehow that's the least fucked-up development in the last twenty-four hours."

"Wow," Akeno breathed, reaching up and running her fingers along his hard, sharp horns. "You know, the signs were there, not that we realized it at the time."

"Huh?" Harry asked.

"Harry, you went from being a virgin to not only having a threesome with two devils but fucking the shit out of us in twenty-four hours," Akeno replied. "Rias and I were very happy to just enjoy the fact that we'd found such a stud to share, but, in hindsight, that was really weird."

"A freak after all," Harry laughed humorlessly, and her face fell.

"Don't," she scowled. "You're not a freak, Harry."

"Well, I'm sure as shit abnormal," Harry muttered, looking away. "All my life growing up, my relatives called me that, and I hated it. It turned out that they knew what I was and resented me for that. When I finally learned the truth and got to go to this whole other world hidden in my own, I thought I'd have a chance to be a normal person and live a normal life, only to learn that I was a celebrity with a dead lunatic after my blood. I finally dealt with him after years of worrying about him and joined yet another new world, only to end up in the same position. No matter where I turn or what I do, I'm just always going to be like this, and the worst part is that I didn't even get to enjoy finally finishing off Voldemort before learning that another, infinitely more powerful threat is out there, holding my mother's soul captive. On top of that, it turns out that I destroyed one of the only things I have from my father when I changed into this, and…"

Akeno hugged him, and he went silent, burying his face in her silky black hair and inhaling the pleasant jasmine scent of her shampoo.

"Is this just going to be my life?" he whispered. "Am I stuck going from one fight to another, never getting more than a moment here or there of peace?"

"I don't know," Akeno replied honestly, "but I do know that I'll be right there with you, as will Rias, Hermione, Luna, and Fleur. We love you, Harry, not the celebrity wizard or the horned incubus, but you."

"I love you too," Harry sighed, breathing in her scent again and enjoying the feeling of her large breasts pressed against his chest. She was wearing a white robe and red skirt just then, less revealing clothes than what she normally wore, and as Harry felt his self-pity melt away, he finally noticed. "Not that I don't like it, but what's with the outfit?"

"These are the traditional clothes of a Shinto shrine maiden," Akeno replied, swallowing thickly. "I wear them now and then when I want to honor and feel close to my mother."

"Your mother?" Harry asked, feeling his heart sink as he saw an all-too familiar pain in her eyes. "Do you want to talk about it? You know I, of all people, can understand."

"She was murdered," Akeno whispered, her eyes filling with tears.

"Who killed her?" Harry asked, already plotting their deaths on the off chance she and Rias hadn't already seen to them.

"Assassins," Akeno replied. "They weren't after her, but their...target wasn't around when they arrived, and she was the next best thing."

"Tell me they're dead," Harry hissed, and Akeno just nodded. As he held her trembling form in his arms, a thought occurred to him, and he asked, "This is about that person Voldemort mentioned, isn't it? Baraqiel, was it?"

"She saved his life," Akeno explained, her voice flat and listless. "He was wounded and stumbled into her shrine, collapsing in front of her. She took him in and healed his wounds, tending to him nearly constantly, and the two grew close. If she hadn't, if she'd just let him rot, she'd still be alive today."

The sheer venom in her voice took him aback, and he ran his fingers through her hair, trying to calm her as he asked, "What happened?"

"They fell in love," Akeno spat, and Harry's eyes widened. "Fallen angels have been breeding humans since time immemorial; it's kind of their thing, and after he made her his bride, that's what he did."

"He's your father," Harry guessed, stepping back and looking at her, taking in the look of sheer hatred on her beautiful face.

Akeno willed her wings to spring forth, and Harry marveled at what they looked like. One of them was the typical bat-like wing of a devil, but the other was distinctly avian, sprouting dark black feathers.

"I look so much like her," Akeno wept, "but he gave me his eyes, and he gave me this, and not even the gift of devilry could wash away the taint. I'm the freak, Harry, not you."

"You're nothing of the sort," Harry insisted, sweeping her into his arms again. "You're one of the most incredible people I've ever met, Akeno, and a few feathers isn't enough to change that."

"Harry," Akeno breathed, looking up into his eyes as her own remained watery.

"What happened that day?" Harry asked. "Assassins were after him, but…"

"He wasn't there," Akeno hissed. "He was never there. She loved him so much, and in the end, for all his vaunted power, he couldn't even come save her. She hid me and pleaded with them to leave in peace. I couldn't do anything, couldn't breathe a word as they murdered her."

"Akeno," Harry sighed, holding her tightly as she started crying again.

"I hate him," she wept. "He painted that target on her back and just left her when we needed him most."

"How did you get away?" Harry asked.

"They didn't look for me," Akeno replied. "I don't know if they didn't know I was there or if they just got bored when they didn't immediately find him, but they left. After that, I lived with my mother's family for a while, but they never accepted me, given what I was, and kicked me out when I was ten. I wandered on my own after that, using the magical skills my mother taught me to get by, and one day, I saved the life of a man contracted to Rias' father. I didn't mean to, but he noticed me anyway, and contacted the Gremorys. I feared that they'd kill me for what I was and fled, only to be discovered by my relatives."

"Why do I get the feeling this wasn't a happy reunion?" Harry winced, and Akeno laughed humorlessly.

"I should have told you all this months ago, given your own experiences with maternal relatives who don't like what you are," Akeno muttered. "At least yours never tried to kill you."

"Fuck, Akeno," Harry replied, his eyes going wide.

"Rias was in town, curious about the magical girl her father had been told about, and accompanied by Agrippa," Akeno continued. "They saved my life, and I've been hers ever since. I so hoped that becoming her queen would, I don't know, cleanse me, I guess, but some taints just run too deep."

"You're not tainted," Harry insisted, "and you're not Baraqiel just because his blood runs through your veins. Did you even hesitate to come to my aid when you learned I was in danger?"

"Not for a moment," Akeno replied, smiling slightly and looking down as he wiped her tears away from her cheeks.

"You're strong, fiercely protective of the ones you love, and absolutely brilliant," Harry murmured, cupping her chin and raising her head until she was staring right into his eyes. "I'm in love with you, Akeno Himejima, and a little angel blood isn't going to change that."

"Oh, Harry," Akeno cried, pulling him down for a passionate kiss that he returned hungrily.

The two of them made out wildly, each wanting more than anything to lose themselves in their passion and forget their troubles for a while. Harry flew back towards the bed, undressing them both with a wave of his hand, and he reached down to cup her round, firm arsecheeks as their clothes reappeared, folded on his dresser. They both grunted as they landed on the bed, and Akeno started grinding her pussy on his rapidly hardening length.

"Keep talking like that and neither one of us is going to leave this room for the rest of the day," Akeno purred.

"Oh no, that would be terrible," Harry replied sarcastically and the raven-haired girl grinned.

"Fucking hell, did this thing get even bigger?" she asked as she realized just how thick his cock felt against her overheated flesh.

"If so, barely," Harry replied. "Rias, Hermione, and Luna said the same, but I don't know."

"Hmm, well, if so, it's but one of many amazing changes," Akeno purred, running her hands up along his muscular abdomen and chest. "You know you were really cute when we first met and developed some muscly yumminess over the course of the year, but you're seriously in hunk territory now."

"If so, then we just fit together even better," Harry grinned, running his hands up along her sides and cupping her heavy breasts. "I think I could spend the ten thousand years fucking you and not get enough of your body."

Akeno grinned at that and said, "Oh, I'm sure we're going to fit together perfectly."

"Did Rias tell you about the ritual?" Harry asked, and she paused, cocking an eyebrow at him. "Well, I'm not getting into everything when we could be doing significantly more fun things than talking, but suffice to say she told me that she wants us to do it in a few days."

"You mean…" Akeno breathed, her eyes going wide. She had spoken to her about it but she figured she'd have to wait until after the two of them undid the contract between them.

"I mean, that come the full moon, you're going to be my little sex slave," Harry rumbled, grabbing her by the throat and squeezing lightly. He felt her whole body shudder at that and grinned, adding, "I knew you'd like that, you little pain slut."

"Fuck, Harry," Akeno whimpered, her cunt flooding at his sinful words. "Give me a taste of what that will be like, master. I think it would make us both feel better if you used me like a toy right now."

"If that's what my toy wants…" Harry trailed off, grinning as he saw her purple eyes go nearly black with lust. "Get on your knees."

Akeno flew off of him and landed right by the bed on her knees, looking up at him with such raw desire in her eyes that it made his cock throb. He cast a couple quick spells that tied her hair back with a conjured string and bound her hands behind her back with rope. She looked up at him in surprise and shivered in anticipation as he sat down right in front of her, his heavy cock standing proudly right by her face.

"If you want to be my pet, then I think you should earn it," he grinned. "Suck my cock."

"Fuck, how did I never know you were a literal sex demon?" Akeno whimpered, leaning in and licking a trail up along his thick shaft.

She nuzzled it lovingly with her face, her eyes never leaving his, and went further down, capturing one of his lemon-sized balls with her lips. Harry groaned in pleasure as she expertly sucked on his balls, bathing his scrotum in her saliva and grinning up at him. Her grin grew wider as she moved even lower, and before Harry could even ask what she was doing, her tongue brushed against his arsehole.

"Oh, you dirty girl," Harry groaned as she rimmed him, making her giggle.

"I am your dirty girl, Harry," Akeno purred, "your perfect, submissive little sex pet. Make me yours, and I'll do almost anything for you."

"If I go too far, say red, or if you can't speak, tap me three times," Harry replied, moaning aloud as she swirled her tongue around his hole.

"My only hard limits are piss and shit, Harry," Akeno chuckled, licking her way up along his sack and the entire length of his cock before wrapping her lips around his bulbous head.

Harry groaned in pleasure as she bobbed her head up and down on him, taking him deeper and deeper as she went. "There's no risk of that, luv."

Akeno smiled up at him and swallowed the first couple inches of his cock into her tight throat, taking full advantage of her lack of gag reflex. Harry's hands found her head, and he gripped her scalp just hard enough for her to notice as she swallowed even more of his cock. Her vice-like throat was massaging him in ways that were positively incredible, and he watched in awe as she pushed herself further, burying her nose in his wiry pubic hair. She let him go with a gasp and grinned up at him.

"Good to know I can still do that," she purred.

"Is it really that much bigger?" Harry asked, looking down at his own cock curiously.

"It might only be a little bigger, but you were already huge, so…" Akeno trailed off. "Now that I know for sure that I can take the whole thing, though, I want you to fuck my face."

"Really?" Harry asked, feeling himself throb at the thought.

"Do it," Akeno purred. "Use my throat like an onahole, Master."

"A what?" Harry asked, and she just blinked at him before snorting.

"A sex toy for men," Akeno replied. "Nothing you'll ever need; trust me."

"Of course not," Harry grinned, grabbing her throat. "I have one right here."

"You're so fucking hot when you talk like that," Akeno whimpered, opening her mouth wide and sticking out her tongue.

Harry grinned and, fisting his cock, brought it to her open mouth and pushed inside.

She whimpered as she felt the weight of it on her tongue and quickly started massaging it with the slippery organ, making Harry moan as he pushed further, hitting her throat. She shifted her body along, changing the angle slightly, and swallowed him down, staring up at Harry as he pushed inch after thick inch of his shaft inside her. Akeno took him with ease, making gagging sounds just for effect, and Harry realized one little flaw with his original plan.

"Blink twice if you want me to slow down and three times if you want me to pull out," he said, and Akeno laughed as she realized that she hadn't thought about the fact that her hands were tied behind her back either. Of course, she didn't expect to need to use anything close to a safe word with him at all.

He started easing his cock in and out of her slowly, testing it out, but quickly grew confident and sped up. Her hot mouth, sinfully skilled tongue, and tight throat all felt amazing, and he moaned in pleasure at how bloody good she was. As he fucked her harder, her eyes started to water and drool leaked down along his balls, but she kept her blinking slow and regular, never breaking eye contact with him. He felt arousal on a level that he never had before, consuming his entire being, and it took him a moment to realize that what he was feeling wasn't coming from him.

"You're getting off on this, aren't you?" Harry asked, and Akeno gurgled in response. "You're such a little slut. I'm fucking your throat like a two-pound whore, and you're dripping on the floor from it."

Akeno cried out around his shaft, and Harry's grip on her tightened. He fucked her harder, his pistoning cock battering her throat in a way that he'd have worried about if he didn't know how durable she was. She broke eye contact after a while, her violet orbs rolling back, and, to Harry's shock, she started to convulse under him. He pulled his cock from her mouth instantly, and she screamed, falling to her side and writhing in pleasure.

"You...you came," Harry gasped, feeling harder than steel.

"Fuck me...Harry," Akeno panted, her voice raspy and weak. "Use me...like your toy!"

Harry picked her up with ease, far stronger than he'd ever been in his life, and practically tossed her over the bed, looking in shock as he saw just how wet she was. Her pussy was soaked, and her fluids were running down her pale thighs. Normally he'd have buried his face down there and feasted until she screamed, but he knew that wasn't what she wanted. She wanted it rough and hard; she wanted it to hurt, to distract her from the reminder she'd gotten back in Hogwarts of the father she hated and the mother she'd lost, and he was more than willing to give her what she wanted. Raising his hand up, he brought it down on her right asscheek so hard that the clap sounded like thunder, and she shrieked in shock.

"Yes!" Akeno screamed. "Spank me! Fuck me! Break ME!"

She squealed as he buried his entire length in her sopping cunt in one long thrust, not giving her a moment to adjust to his size before he started to fuck her hard. Her screams echoed through the room as he fucked her hard and fast, and Harry silenced the room after a moment, spanking her other cheek just as hard.

"Is this what you want?" he growled, digging his fingers into her wide hips so hard he knew he'd have left bruises if she were human.

"Yes!" Akeno cried. "Oh, fuck, yes!"

His hips were a blur, his pace brutal, as he fucked her harder than he ever could have before, and her screams of pleasure only grew louder. This, he realized, was what she'd truly wanted from him every time she asked him to fuck her hard, and well, he knew that she'd enjoyed the way he'd taken her before; he loved that he could finally treat her like she really wanted him to when she was in this kind of mood.

"You're a god!" Akeno squealed, her hard nipples dragging against the sheets as her body rocked with his every thrust. "More, more, more!"

"I'll give you more!" Harry growled, spanking her again. "By the time I'm done with you, you won't be able to go a day without my cock!"

"Yes, do it!" Akeno screamed. "Make me your...oh fuck...make me your cock-addicted WHORE!"

She shrieked as she came, and Harry groaned in pleasure at the feeling of her already vice-tight cunt spasming around him. He rained blows down on her ass as he fucked her through her titanic climax, spanking her until her cheeks shone bright red, and reached out to grab her hair near her scalp, tugging gently on it and making her scream even more loudly. Her orgasm seemed to lead to another and another as she writhed and convulsed through an unending chain of them.

Harry grinned, feeling better than he had in days. The way that Rias, Hermione, and Luna had helped soothe him the night before had been like a much-needed balm for his soul, but it hadn't let him truly work out any of his frustration. Akeno, being into pain and having her own shit to work through, was the perfect conduit for that, and the two of them gave each other what they needed, good and hard. With a roar, he let go, filling her to the brim with rope after thick rope of cum, and collapsed forward, catching himself on his forearms as he vanished the ropes holding her arms behind her back.

"Needed that...so much," Harry panted, burying his face in the crook of her neck and nuzzling the slender column. He licked the salty sweat from her hot skin and peppered her with kisses as the two of them basked in the afterglow.

"And here I thought...you were dangerous before," Akeno panted, giggling as he rolled them onto their sides.

"Dangerous?" Harry asked, pulling his still-hard cock from her gaping, very pink pussy, and she rolled over to face him, running her nails along his scalp.

"Tall, dark, gorgeous, and hung like a horse?" Akeno asked. "You were already the kind of guy who could ruin a girl for life before you became an incubus. Now though, you're straight up addictive. I was born part-angel, and I've always been tougher than normal humans, and I'm a devil. When I tell you that I can't feel my legs at all, know that that is one hell of an accomplishment."

Harry chuckled at that and pulled her in until her face was resting on his chest. As she drew little shapes with one of her nails in his chest hair, he doodled on her back as well and sighed in relief, feeling relaxed and peaceful for the first time in what felt like ages.

A sudden thought occurred to him, though, and he asked, "How likely would you say it is that we're related?"

"Huh?" Akeno asked before she realized what he was getting at. "I mean, it's possible, but there are a lot of fallen angels out there, and you could descend from any of them. If we are related, it's only distantly, and frankly, after mind-melting sex like that, I'd keep coming back if you were my brother."

"We know I'm not that," Harry chuckled. "Are you feeling better?"

"I feel like I'm floating," Akeno smiled, "though to answer your actual question, yes, that helped a lot. You?"

"Yeah," Harry sighed. "I think I've felt sorry for myself enough for now. I need to get started on my training, given how much I need to improve now. Sadly, I can't cheat like I did with Voldemort and force Rizevim to teach me how to beat him."

"We'll figure it out," Akeno sighed, burying her face in his neck and kissing him softly. "Whatever it takes and whoever we have to kill, we'll find a way to rescue your mother's soul from him. We're devils, Harry; finding ways to rebel against impossible odds is in our most basic nature."

"Because his father made us that way," Harry muttered, already well aware of the fact that the evil pieces gave those transformed by them the nature of devils as well as their powers. "I thought an unkillable Dark Lord was bad enough, but the son of the devil himself..."

"You did find a way to kill that particular Dark Lord," Akeno grinned, "and you're sounding mopey again, plus you're still very, very hard. I think we should go again."

"Can you feel your legs again yet?" Harry asked.

"The feeling's coming back, but I don't need legs for this," Akeno replied, flying up and settling above him. After casting a lubrication charm on herself, she looked over her shoulder and said, "There's still one hole you haven't conquered today."

"Fuck, I adore you," Harry groaned, reaching around and grasping one of her large breasts, kneading it and pinching her nipple.

"Mmm, and I adore this," Akeno grinned, lining his big, thick cock up with her tightest hole. "Fuck, you're going to be an even tighter fit back there than before."

"Rias managed it, so I'm sure you'll be fine," Harry whispered in her ear.

"Oh," Akeno whined. "I missed her first time getting fucked in the ass?"

"I'll show you the memory," Harry promised, "provided you're a good girl."

"I can be a good girl for you, sir," Akeno purred, pushing down and gasping as she felt the thick head of his cock pop inside her. "Oh, fuck, you're so big!"

"Tight as a closed fist," Harry grunted as she lowered herself down more and more.

"Speaking of closed fists," Akeno grinned, reaching behind her and moving one of his hands to her throat, "I think it's time I taught you how to choke me."

Harry groaned as she sank down even further, trapping more of his shaft inside her molten furnace of an ass.

*****

"Fleur, what…" Apolline went to say as her eldest daughter rushed into their manor, a trail of bags and trunks following her. "What are you doing 'ere?"

"Sorry, Mama, I don't 'ave time," Fleur replied, handing her mother the letter she got from her now former headmistress.

Rias' letter had made her heart leap into her throat, and yet she found herself grateful for it when the paper arrived later on with news of the attack on Hogwarts. Such a brazen assault would have made international magical news normally, and with it coming right on the tail of the tournament, that guaranteed that it would spread more quickly. Assurances that Harry, Hermione, and Luna were unharmed were one thing, but she knew that she wasn't going to be able to rest until she saw them all with her own eyes.

She'd barely slept at all the night before and begged Madam Maxime to let her leave a day early. The older woman had tried to talk her out of it, arguing that her presence at the end-of-year ceremony would be particularly desirable, given that she'd been their school's champion, but she relented in the end, on the condition that she return home first before going to Britain. She'd never been to Sirius Black's home and would have needed to floo over anyway, so it wasn't much of a problem, but it was still an annoying delay.

"Zis is about zat dreadful business in Britain, zen," Apolline sighed. "'Onestly, Fleur, even knowing zat you 'ad already left when zese men attacked, I felt my heart stop when I got ze news."

"'Arry was right in the ze center of it," Fleur replied. "'E's apparently fine, but I need to see 'im. Bernadette?"

"Oui, mistress?" her family's house elf replied, appearing before her.

"Put my zings away," Fleur commanded, grabbing a handful of floo powder.

"Fleur, just...be careful," Apolline sighed.

"Ze threat's passed, Maman," Fleur assured her. "Now I just need to make sure zat my lovers are alright. 10 Grimmauld Place."

She tossed the green powder into the fireplace and stepped into it as she spoke, popping out the on the other side into a home just as dark and dreary as Harry had described.

"...an actual chess piece?" Sirius asked incredulously.

"Mmhmm," Luna smiled, "it...Fleur!"

"Luna!" Fleur exclaimed, rushing over and pulling the shorter blonde into a hug. "I came as quickly as I could."

"I thought Beauxbatons' school year wasn't ending until tomorrow?" Hermione asked, hugging the Veela alongside Luna.

"I was allowed out early," Fleur replied. "What ze 'ell 'appened? Rias' letter gave some details, but she focused mostly on 'ow you were all fine. Where is 'Arry, anyway?"

"He's upstairs with Akeno," Hermione replied. "The long and short of it is that Draco Malfoy managed to repair a vanishing cabinet that Voldemort found in the school back when he was student, and smuggled him and his followers in through it. They had also managed to lure Dumbledore out of the castle ahead of time, convincing him that Voldemort intended to free Gellert Grindelwald from Nurmengard."

"Merde," Fleur muttered. "I can see why 'e would find zat idea too terrifying not to go investigate in person."

"Anyway, Harry, Hermione, and I managed to get the students and staff away from the Death Eaters and then he locked himself in with them to buy us time to summon Rias. We did, and they tore the lot of them apart, apparently." Luna continued, "I was asleep by that point, having exhausted myself with magic."

"'Arry's alright, zough?" Fleur asked.

"He was hit by another killing curse but this one destroyed the piece of the dark wanker's soul in his scar," Sirius replied. "Sirius Black, by the way. I'm getting the increasing sense that living with Harry is going to mean introducing myself to quite a number of beautiful women."

"Hopefully," Luna piped up.

"Enchante," Fleur smiled, "and you are too kind. Voldemort is dead for good, zen?"

"Yes, I had already finished off the last of the other horcruxes," Hermione replied. "Harry killed him, fulfilling the prophecy. Sadly, that's where the good news ends."

"What?" Fleur asked.

Hermione explained to her what Harry had learned from his father as well as what had happened when Rias finally managed to use her evil pieces on him. Fleur listened, her heart sinking as she realized what the man she loved had been through since she last saw him. It had only been a couple days, and yet so much had changed.

"So now 'e's planning to take on zis Rizevim and take back 'is mother's soul," Fleur sighed as they finished the tale. "Zat poor man."

"The kid's had a rough go of things all his life," Sirius sighed. "At least he's smart enough not to rush after this devil now."

"He's grown a lot over the last year," Hermione replied. "We all have, and he's not the same guy who rushed after Crouch without thinking to get backup first."

"Still, if zis man really is on ze level of someone who could just destroy all ze dementors like zey were nothing…" Fleur shuddered, barely able to fathom such power. "I should check on 'im."

"We're pretty sure that he and that Akeno girl are having sex," Sirius cautioned her.

"Even better," Fleur smiled, walking towards the stairwell as Sirius choked on his own saliva.

"That's what I said, but Hermione thought it would be better to let them have some alone time," Luna pouted.

"Akeno seemed pretty distracted herself," Hermione replied. "I thought that he might be able to help her through whatever was bothering her while she helped him."

Sirius just chuckled to himself and stood up, saying, "I think I'm going to go for a walk. You three make yourselves at home."

"Would the master like a leash?" Kreacher asked, popping into the room just to make the snarky remark before disappearing again. Sirius flipped off the empty space he'd been standing in and left.

"If zey wish to remain alone, I'll let zem, of course," Fleur said as she climbed the stairs, followed by the other two. "Ze zree of us could, after all, find a room and 'ave our own fun."

"That sounds good," Luna grinned.

Fleur walked upstairs and didn't need to ask which room was his. Silencing charms could be quite noticeable unless put up carefully, something that people wishing to have sex rarely did. They made the specified space completely silent, which was far from inconspicuous, as even empty rooms generally had some sounds. She turned the doorknob, smiling as she realized that it wasn't locked, and opened the door, only to freeze after she walked inside.

"Ugk ugk ugk," were the only sounds Akeno could make just then, with Harry's hand gripping her throat so tightly that her entire face had turned red.

The loud, wet sounds of flesh slapping flesh were far louder, and all three women stood and stared in shock and awe as Harry absolutely pounded Akeno's ass. The dark-haired woman's eyes were rolled back, and she looked barely conscious as she convulsed nearly constantly in his grip, looking like she was in the throes of one long orgasm. His long, thick shaft disappeared over and over again into her bum, his heavy balls slapping her clit each time his hips hit her ass hard enough to make the cheeks jiggle.

He looked utterly focused and completely in control, and to Fleur, he looked more beautiful than anything ever had. She could feel his allure blanketing the room, and with it, staring at him was like staring at sex itself. He wasn't just handsome; he was Adonis come again, the living embodiment of masculine beauty. How could any woman gaze upon his splendor and not throw herself at his feet, begging for the privilege of his touch? She felt attraction and desire on a level she'd never known, and before she knew what was happening, she'd vanished her clothes and feathers were growing all over her body.

"Um, is she okay?" Hermione asked, startling Harry out of his reverie, and he let go of Akeno's throat.

"YES!" the devil squealed, falling forward as she continued to cum, and he pulled his shaft out of her gaping ass.

"Um, Akeno, was that too much?" he asked, though the twitching, panting, glassy-eyed woman was too cum-drunk to even understand the question.

Before he could check on her, Fleur, whose wings had pushed out of her back as her pussy grew sopping wet, flew across the room and landed on her knees in front of him, swallowing his cock to the root, not caring at all that it had just been in the other woman's asshole.

"Fleur?!" Harry exclaimed. "What the...oh fuck."

She sucked his cock like a woman possessed, feeling in that moment like that was exactly what she was, and as Harry grabbed her head and felt himself soar towards his orgasm, he wondered what exactly was going on.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Jun 24, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Sir_dood134, Fridrich, Fyre and 269 others
voivode_writer
Jun 10, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
1
2
3
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
View content
31 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
 [NSFW] The Weight of Fate [Harry Potter]
Heartlesss Thursday at 20:27 Words: 15k ai assisted harry potter (series) harry potter au
Replies12
Views1K
Today at 07:09
veekie
_Karma_
 [NSFW] Dragon x Dragon ? This World Now Belong To Phoenix. High School PxP
_Karma_ Aug 10, 2026 Words: 2.7k dxd si high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies17
Views3K
Aug 20, 2026
Fenrir of the North
abel targayen
[NSFW] Horseman of War (High School DxD SI)
abel targayen May 25, 2026 Words: 27k 1 ... 6 7 8 genocide high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies223
Views23K
Jul 28, 2026
XXxxxadisxxxXX
XXxxxadisxxxXX
Ba7onz
 [NSFW] The Wandless Archmage (Harry Potter)
Ba7onz May 14, 2026 Words: 62k 1 2 harem harry potter incest
Replies42
Views23K
Aug 22, 2026
StrangePuppet
StrangePuppet
 [NSFW] Thunder in the Skies(Enel si) One Piece/ High School DxD
Godofdestroet66@4 Aug 18, 2026 Words: 6k akeno himejima high school dxd issei
Replies18
Views3K
Today at 13:47
king7marble
king7marble
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Witchcraft and Devilry (Harry Potter & High School DxD)
 Thread startervoivode_writer  Start dateApr 2, 2024  Tagscrossover harem harry potter high school dxd overlord (video game) shinmai maou no testament size queen the witcher
Prev  
1
2
3
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 31 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Jun 24, 2025
Add bookmark
#735
"Fucking hell...Fleur?" Harry groaned as the Veela sucked his cock like her life depended on it.

She was never shy about showing her enthusiasm when she sucked his cock, or about anything, really, but this seemed almost desperate, and he didn't doubt that her feathered look was related. He grabbed her head and looked over at Hermione, who appeared just as flummoxed as he was.

"So how was being buggered and choked at the same time, Akeno?" Luna asked, brushing the barely conscious woman's dark hair out of her face.

"So good," Akeno panted, still twitching as little aftershocks of pleasure hit her.

"Uh, Fleur, are you okay?" Hermione asked as the blonde continued to bob her head up and down on Harry's cock.

"Ugh," Harry groaned as he came hard, flooding her mouth with cum, and Fleur's eye rolled back as she swallowed instinctively.

With how excessive his loads had become, he'd have expected her to struggle with it, but she didn't. She swallowed every drop reverently, her whole body shaking, and when his cock finally slipped from her lips, she squealed. Babbling incoherently in French, she fell back, writhing in orgasmic bliss and grinning from ear to ear.

"F...Fleur?" Harry panted, cupping her cheek as she continued to cum.

"I think she's okay," Luna said softly, settling down next to her and pulling her over until her head was resting in her lap. "I suspect that your sex aura is getting to her."

"My what?" Harry asked as Hermione cocked an eyebrow at the blonde.

"The Veela have their allure, and they descend from a succubus," Luna explained. "It stands to reason that, as an incubus, you would have some kind of sex aura too. I didn't notice, but I was watching the most beautiful man in the world fuck the living hell out of a sexy devil, so I probably just blamed the sudden spike of arousal on that."

"Yeah, I mean, I got very wet when I walked in too, but the past few months have made my reactions to Harry virtually Pavlovian," Hermione added.

"It is...ze allure," Fleur panted, sitting up and brushing her hair out of her face. "Mon Dieu...sorry."

"Barely felt it," Akeno laughed, still cum drunk and giddy.

"I have an allure now?" Harry asked.

"It was far more pronounced when you were buggering Akeno," Fleur replied. "I swear for a moment, all I could zink of was sucking your cock. I wasn't zat desperate for you when you pulled Gabrielle from ze lake."

"Is it better now?" Hermione asked. "Because I'm still really turned on."

"That's just 'Arry," Fleur replied, pulling him in for a kiss. "I 'eard about everything zat 'appened. Are you alright?"

"Getting there," Harry replied. "If I really do have an allure now, I'm going to need to learn to control it."

"I zink I'm just a little sensitive to it," Fleur said.

"If so, then that's even more reason to learn to control it, lest my first meeting with your parents get awkward," Harry quipped, and Fleur's eyes went wide.

"I doubt your father would appreciate it much if your mother insisted on sucking Harry's penis at first sight," Luna added. "I'm sure she'd find that fun, though."

"Oui, we need to work on your control," Fleur muttered.

"You seem fine now, though," Hermione replied. "Your allure is something that you can reign in or let go as you like, but it does flare up when you're really aroused. Harry's still hard, and your feathers haven't come back."

"Zat's true," Fleur purred, her eyes gleaming as she stared down at Harry's throbbing erection. Wrapping a hand around the base of the shaft, she grinned and added, "Perhaps we should run some tests."

"I have always been a fan of tests," Harry replied, and Hermione laughed out loud. "Oh, shut up."

"I do agree with Fleur, Harry," the brunette grinned, wrapping her hand around his cock just above the Veela's. "We need to figure out just what made her so ravenous right now, and that will require a very...vigorous set of tests."

"Fuck, what happened to the innocent little girl I met all those years ago?" Harry hissed.

"I think you removed her innocence with your penis, Harry," Luna replied. "I know you removed mine."

"Something like that," Hermione replied, leaning in to kiss him.

He and Akeno had had sex for quite a while, yet he knew that he had more than enough left in the tank to take care of these three as well. The only question was whether or not Akeno would wake back up and join in before he'd exhausted them too.

*****

"Bloody hell, that is so much better than portkeys," Sirius marveled as he and the others landed in Kuoh.

"No dizziness, no vomiting, no chance of letting go midway and ending up in Timbuktu," Harry listed off. "Yeah, I much prefer devil teleportation."

"So this is Kuoh?" Luna asked, looking around. "It's nice."

As Harry looked around, he had to agree. It was a rather small town, from what Rias had said, but it was certainly bigger than Hogsmeade. The architecture was distinct yet relatively similar to what he was used to, and there were a lot more trees around than there were in Little Whinging. It was midday, and there were a number of people walking around, most of whom looked at them, though whether that was because they were all foreigners or because of Fleur, he couldn't say. The Veela was wearing a short blue minidress, the only muggle clothes she owned, and very little of her gorgeous body wasn't on display.

"It is, and I will be giving you a tour when we come back from the Underworld," Rias replied.

"You guys really have to go so soon?" Sirius asked.

"If Harry's starting to display completely unknown powers, then it would be safest for him in my family's castle," Rias replied. "With my peerage and me, not to mention all of our servants around, we'll be able to monitor him properly and figure out how to deal with anything else that pops up."

"Sorry to be such a bother," Harry muttered, and she just smiled softly at him.

"You're no such thing," Rias replied.

"Um, should we really be speaking so openly about this?" Hermione asked, intimately aware of the fact that they were surrounded by muggles.

"It'll be fine," Rias replied. "This place is devil territory, and its people rarely notice anything that they're not supposed to. When they do, they don't end up remembering it for long, and since we actually know what technology exists in the greater world, we can account for that too."

"Must be nice," Sirius chuckled. "Lily used to just stare at us like we were brain-dead when she'd bring up something utterly ubiquitous in the muggle world that we'd never heard of."

"It's a consequence of 'ow much our people pulled away from zem," Fleur shrugged. "All zings considered, it's understandable. Where are we putting ze 'ouse?"

"Right this way," Rias replied, gesturing for them to follow.

"Oh, bugger, I'm an idiot," Harry muttered as he turned to Sirius. "You don't speak a word of Japanese, do you? I speak all languages now and…"

"You've had a lot on your mind over the past few days," Sirius cut him off. "I do, actually."

"Really?" Rias asked curiously.

"I didn't think we'd be moving here or anything, but when you started seeing a woman who lived in Japan, I figured that we'd visit at some point and made use of the ministry's language charms while they were still trying to kiss my ass. They're normally horrendously expensive and regulated as all hell, but they charged me nearly nothing, rushed me through the process, and threw in Korean just for good measure. And to think, all it cost me was a decade in Azkaban."

Harry snorted at his jovial tone, wondering, not for the first time, how he was able to stay so positive about things after all the shit he'd been through. He started speaking Japanese, and, save for Fleur, they were all able to quickly tell that he had learned it pretty well. Rias led them on to a designated spot that had been blocked off on all sides with pylons, tape, and signs that made it clear that it was a construction site that no one should go anywhere near. The signs were charmed to really drive the point home, too, so they could be certain that they wouldn't be bothered, though as they drew closer, they saw that someone was already there.

"Everything's set up," Akeno announced as she spotted them. "Hello again, Sirius."

"Hello," Sirius smiled. "This is the spot then?"

"Mmhmm," Rias replied. "It's one of the tallest hills in the area, but it had remained largely undeveloped because the land has been owned by various devil families for centuries. My father acquired it and a fair bit of other land when I took over here and said it was fine for us to erect the Rookery, though he wants to inspect it himself while we're away."

"Just remind him that I'll be living here with the pets," Sirius replied.

"How fitting," Kreacher grinned, and Sirius jumped.

"When the hell did you get here?" he asked.

"Master Harry asked Kreacher to help Mistress Akeno with clearance," Kreacher replied. "Dobby has finished packing up the furniture you wished moved from Grimmauld Place."

"What are you planning to do with it?" Hermione asked.

"I'll hold onto it and leave it to you when I go," Sirius shrugged, looking at Harry. "Just because we're moving here doesn't mean that it couldn't prove useful to have a place in England still."

"Right, of course," Harry nodded. "So, Luna, how exactly does this work?"

"Watch," Luna replied, smiling as she walked up to the cordoned-off spot and pulled out the rook. "Please work."

The rook flew out of her hand, and as it began hovering over the ground, they watched whole sections of dirt start to fly off away from them, forming a massive hole in the ground, in which it started to build the foundation.

"Please work?" Rias asked, cocking an eyebrow, and Luna just giggled.

"None of us know what the passphrase was supposed to be, but as Aldous Lovegood held it out, he whispered those words first, unaware that he'd accidentally activated the recording charm," Luna replied. "It accepted that as the passphrase, and we're kind of stuck with it."

"Wow, zat's working quite quickly," Fleur murmured as she watched it complete the foundation, with the basement laid out within it, and then start to grow.

"The whole process takes less than a minute, according to Daddy," Luna replied. "He never tried it out himself, but that's what my grandfather told him and had heard from his father."

"Blimey," Sirius muttered as it finished and settled in the spot. "Useful that is."

"Let's go inside," Luna beamed, opening the door. "Key, please."

A key appeared out of nowhere, landing in her hand, and she quickly let them in.

"It changes the locks every time you do that and will provide the eldest Lovegood with a key if asked nicely," Luna explained as she ushered them in. "We'll just have to make copies of this."

"Easy enough," Akeno smiled, taking the key from her and making enough copies for all of them. "This place is great, by the way."

"Thanks," Luna beamed. "What do you think, Sirius?"

"Oh, it's lovely," Sirius replied. "I've been in it before. I wasn't that close to your parents, but I was a plus-one at their wedding, and they held the reception here. Can't for the life of me remember who my date was."

"Was she pretty?" Luna asked.

"Whole day's a bit of a blur, honestly, but I do remember peeing on the big oak tree that was in your old yard, and I'm almost certain I was Padfoot when I did it," Sirius replied.

Harry snorted at that and walked around. "So this place is what, five stories?"

"Mmhmm," Luna replied. "The top two floors are a lot bigger than this, at least inside, and full of bedrooms, so we should be able to host whoever we like here. Come, let me show you my old room!"

Luna took his hand and led him upstairs as Sirius checked out the newly finished basement.

"So Rias, did you give any zought to what I asked ze other day?" Fleur asked, and Rias grinned at her.

"As a matter of fact, I did," Rias replied, recalling that very brief conversation.

*****

"OUI, OUI, OUI, OUI!" Fleur squealed as Harry pounded her squelching, squirting pussy.

He was holding her against him, her sweaty back practically glued to his chest as his hips pistoned back and forth like a well-oiled machine. He had his arms hooked around her knee, her feet dangling in the air, and his hands clasped behind her neck. Every time he bottomed out inside her, the bulbous head of his cock slipped inside her anterior fornix, and she had completely lost track of how many times she'd cum. She was drooling, almost mindless, and knew that another orgasm would almost certainly knock her as unconscious as the other three already were, something that she didn't object to in the slightest.

Harry was utterly confident and so remarkably strong. His stamina had always been impressive, but now it seemed like his passions were endless, like he could fuck for hours without tiring, and after having already taken Fleur in numerous positions through the long session, he'd indulged a fantasy she'd always wanted to act out. She was utterly at his mercy, being used like a toy, and she'd never felt hotter in her entire life.

"You've made such a mess," Harry chided her. "You're such a bad girl."

"Merde!" Fleur shrieked, feeling her insides clench at his rough, deep voice.

"I should make you clean it up," Harry continued. "Maybe I'll make you do it with your tongue."

Fleur's eyes rolled back, and she was sure that she was right on the precipice of orgasm when suddenly she felt it again. A warm wave of madness-inducing lust rolled over her, and she screamed. Feathers didn't form on her this time, but she felt the same kind of loss of control as she had then, and she came so hard she squirted again. Harry let go with a roar, filling her to the brim, and her ecstasy only grew more intense. Her world went white, her mind going blank as everything in the world seemed to slip away save for the massive cock reshaping her insides and the earth-shattering pleasure thundering through her entire body.

"Harry, are you...oh wow," Rias marveled as she appeared and saw them.

She looked down at Luna, Hermione, and Akeno, all lying there passed out and clearly well-fucked, before returning her gaze to Fleur and Harry, who slumped back against the wall, and let himself slide down until he was seated on the floor.

"Bond...me," Fleur panted, sounding utterly delirious. "Ze master-servant...contract...I want it...too."

Rias cocked an eyebrow at that and levitated the Veela off of his cock and over to the others, who immediately started cuddling with her in their sleep.

"You've been having fun," she grinned, sinking to her knees and kissing Harry, tasting pussy on his lips.

"I can have more," Harry replied in kind, his cock not wilting in the slightest, despite his orgasm.

"It seems I've made a monster," Rias chuckled, leaning down and licking a trail from the base of his cock to the tip.

"Your monster," Harry sighed, sounding more relaxed and happy than he had since he fought Voldemort, and Rias felt her heart flutter at the sheer affection in his voice.

*****

"I didn't think you'd remember that," Rias commented.

"I remember everything," Fleur sighed, feeling her cunt quiver as she remembered the previous night. "I wouldn't be surprised if you still didn't trust me after I messed with the ritual, but I want to be with 'Arry for ze rest of our lives, and I'd like mine to last as long as 'is. If I were 'is servant, bound by ze contract, you could trust zat I couldn't betray you, as doing so would betray 'im."

"I am already confident of that," Rias replied, having forgiven the Veela by then, "and I planned to turn you anyway, but if you want to be his servant too, I would not object. Now be honest, was it entirely about wanting to be a devil, or…"

"I love 'im," Fleur replied. "'E 'as my 'eart, e's 'ad my 'oles, and I would give 'im zis as well, be 'is, mind, body, and soul."

"Then that's okay," Rias smiled, summoning her bag of remaining evil pieces and pulling out a pawn.

"I zink I'll need water if I'm meant to swallow zis," Fleur quipped.

"They're suppositories, actually," Rias replied, and they both burst out laughing. Poking a finger between her large breasts, she said, "It goes in here."

"Well, be my guest," Fleur replied, bracing herself as Rias pressed the pawn against her chest, and it went inside. She quickly furrowed her brow and asked, "Is zat 'ow it's supposed to feel?"

"Hmm, one wasn't enough," Rias murmured, surprised at that after Luna and Hermione required only one each. "I hope this works, or I'll need to try something else."

She pushed the other pawn in, and Fleur gasped as she felt them take effect. Her transformation was as quick and uneventful as Hermione's and Luna's had been, and Rias breathed a subtle sigh of relief. Harry was the only member of her peerage who had experienced any odd effects from the evil pieces, and she'd had others work out fine since, but she would probably remain at least a little wary with the rest of them.

"Mmm, and there's no chance that I'm now a succubus?" Fleur asked. "Oh!"

"You'll find it easier to speak English without an accent now," Rias smiled. "Akeno doesn't sound Japanese, after all."

"Right, of course," Fleur nodded, bemused by how much she sounded like the others now. She tried speaking Japanese and found that she could, despite having never had a single lesson in the language.

"Well, with that done, we can get to the station," Hermione murmured. "I'll go get Luna and Harry."

"You might want to give them a few more minutes," Fleur piped up.

"Hmm?" Hermione asked.

"She brought her boyfriend up to her childhood bedroom," Akeno replied, and Hermione sighed, realizing that she was probably right.

"Shall I put the kettle on?" she asked.

"Oh, there's no need for that," a very relaxed and happy-sounding Luna sighed as she flew down the stairs, followed closely by Harry.

Hermione smoothed out her hair the moment she landed and rolled her eyes affectionately at Harry, who just grinned.

"It finished the basement too," Sirius remarked as he walked upstairs, immediately mouthing 'nice' to Harry. "Do you have any notes on how this place was made? I haven't been this impressed by a bit of spellwork since James, Remus, and I accidentally made the map."

"Sadly no," Luna replied. "My great-great-great-great-grandfather never told anyone how he made the place and was never one to keep a journal that we know of. I could check the Omnilibrary while we're in Gremory Castle, but I don't have much hope on that front."

"Oh, it's fine," Sirius replied. Hugging Harry, he said, "Anyway, you kids have fun and, if you can, Harry, try to write."

"Will do," Harry smiled. "Look on the bright side. Once school starts, I'll be around here pretty permanently."

"That will be nice," Sirius smiled. "You two will be popping in and out, right?"

"That's right," Rias replied. "Our school year ends on the twentieth, so we have a few more weeks, but I want to get the obligatory first train ride over with for the new members of my peerage."

"So don't just wander into any random bathroom," Akeno grinned, "unless you want a little show."

Sirius' eyes widened at that, and Harry slapped her arse.

"Behave, you," he said firmly, though with amused eyes. "We don't want the old dog's heart to stop on us."

"I am not old!" Sirius insisted, though his lips twitched upward as he saw Harry smile. "Take care, all of you."

"Will do," Harry smiled. "Try to have fun; you deserve it."

"Oh, I intend to," Sirius grinned. "Girls love a foreign accent."

They said their goodbyes and left, making their way to the nearest train station.

"So this place is connected to a real station just like Platform 9 ¾ in London?" Harry asked.

"Mmhmm," Rias replied. "I don't know if either one inspired the other, but I do know that this was a pet project of Lord Falbium."

"Which one is he again?" Fleur asked, and Harry and Luna both looked at her in surprise. "I am like the rest of you now.

"Oh, right," Harry replied as Luna squealed and hugged her. "I didn't consider that it might remove your accent. I must say that it will be odd hearing you pronounce the h in my name."

"I can still put it on, 'Arry," Fleur purred, thickening her accent to where it used to be, "and I think that's one word that I'll never quite pronounce correctly."

"I'm glad," Harry grinned.

"To answer your question, he's one of the four Satans," Rias replied. "My brother and Lord Ajuka, most of you have already met, and I'm sure you'll meet Lady Serafall soon enough. She's my friend Sona's older sister."

"Wait, so the younger siblings of half of your greatest officials live here?" Hermione asked. "How is it not crawling with devil security?"

"Sona and I are far from helpless," Rias replied with a grin, "and there are some security measures in place."

"The train we're looking for is on a hidden lower level," Akeno piped up, "and once we find...oh, there they are. Kiba, Koneko!"

The two devils heard her and made their way over, with Koneko coming to a skidding halt once she was within a few feet of Harry. The short, white-haired girl stared up at him in shock, and for a moment Harry wondered if he'd forgotten to hide his horns before he remembered that he was in a crowded train station and that would have earned far more of a reaction than this if so. Her mouth opened, and she started inhaling deeply through her nose, as though she were somehow tasting the air.

"Koneko?" Rias asked. "Are you alright?"

"Huh?" Koneko asked, shocked out of her reverie. She shook her head, blushing lightly, and Rias looked at her in surprise. "Wasn't he like five inches shorter a few days ago?"

"The evil pieces had some odd effects on him," Rias replied. "Anyway, Kiba, Koneko, I'd like you to meet the newest members of my peerage. You've both briefly met Harry and Hermione, but these are Luna Lovegood and Fleur Delacour. Luna, Fleur, these are Kiba Yuuto and Koneko Toujou."

"Enchante," Fleur smiled.

"Pleased to meet you," Luna beamed. "I love your hair, Koneko."

"It's hair," Koneko shrugged, looking between Luna and Harry warily.

"I take it you're from France, while the rest of you are from England?" Kiba asked, looking at Fleur.

"That's right," Fleur asked. "I'm assuming you're not from around here either."

"Italy, originally," Kiba replied, his face falling.

"I have our fares settled," Rias said as she returned to them. "Just follow me, and I'll lead you to the hidden entrance. Once we're boarded, we can get to know each other better."

"So why is this a train anyway?" Harry asked. "You mentioned that it was Lord Falbium's doing, but then we got sidetracked."

"Lord Falbium is in charge of military and security matters, and he came to like the idea of a train-based portal system linking our worlds," Rias replied. "Sirzechs always said that he just really came to like the London underground system, having visited the city while it was first being built."

"I sometimes forget just how old many of you are," Hermione chuckled.

"Lord Falbium's the oldest of the four of them," Rias replied, leading them downstairs, "and most of the lords in the councils are even older. There are even a few left who were created by the Lightbringer himself."

"First generation devils?" Hermione asked. "How fascinating!"

"There aren't many left, as you can imagine," Rias murmured, leading them on and stopping at what looked like the entrance to a storage room. After looking around for a moment, she pressed a finger against the doorknob, charging it with a touch of magic, and another door appeared right behind her. "It's just down these stairs."

Harry nodded and made his way down, smiling as he realized how familiar this seemed. Though he didn't regret leaving his life in Britain, he was going to miss Hogwarts, and seeing something so similar to the sort of hidden entrances the magical world was fond of brought a smile to his face. This would be his first time visiting the Underworld formally, and his longest stay there yet, and he was truly looking forward to it.

*****

"Akeno, do you remember what we spoke about last night?" Hermione asked. "It was while Harry was...occupied with Luna and Fleur."

"To be honest, most of last night is a bit of a blur," Akeno chuckled, looking at Harry with lidded eyes. "I do remember you two and Fleur joining in after a while."

"You mentioned your...childhood," Hermione clarified, and Akeno went still.

"Oh, right," she sighed. Speaking to Harry about her past had been difficult, but the mind-melting sex that followed had left her more relaxed and giddy than she'd ever been in her life, and she vaguely remembered getting into it again afterward.

"I wasn't sure if you'd remember, and I just wanted to say that if you ever need to talk again, I'm here," Hermione added, taking her hand, and Akeno relaxed.

"She's right," Luna smiled. "We're all friends here."

Rias smiled at that. She knew Akeno's story well, and the half-angel had opened up to both Koneko and Kiba at various points to show that she could empathize with their own difficult pasts, but it was nice seeing her be so open with others without having some purpose for it.

"Thank you," Akeno smiled.

"So, I suppose this makes you a nephilim, right?" Fleur asked, and more than a few devils nearby looked at her strangely as Rias stiffened. Wincing, she murmured, "That was a faux pas, I take it?"

"Yes, though an understandable one," Rias replied quietly as Akeno cast a spell around their seats to ensure that nothing said would get out.

"You reacted like this when I asked about nephilim too," Hermione pointed out. "What's the matter?"

"Nephilim is a word that has a more general meaning among humans than among devils," Rias replied warily. "It can be used to describe any hybrid creature born of an angel or a devil, so Akeno would technically be one in that sense, but she's not a true nephilim."

"What's a true nephilim?" Harry asked, intrigued.

"A true nephilim is the product of a union between a devil and an unfallen angel," Rias replied.

"But I thought angels couldn't have sex without falling?" Luna asked, furrowing her brow in confusion.

"The Tyrant was very specific with his creations on that subject," Rias sighed. "They cannot give in to sin, any of the seven deadly sins, without falling. Most of the fallen did so by giving in to lust, and there have been cases of devils seducing angels to get them to fall, but that wouldn't create a true nephilim because the angels in question would...choose to give in."

"Oh," Hermione grimaced, scowling as she realized what Rias was getting at.

"Angels cannot give in to lustful desires or feel sexual pleasure without falling," Akeno added, "meaning that for true nephilim to be made…"

"I take it from the reactions we just got that this is...highly frowned upon around here?" Harry asked, dearly hoping that that was the answer.

"It's illegal to even try," Rias replied. "It's not just that the angel in question has to be raped…"

"Devils are all highly infertile," Hermione breathed in horror, and the crimson-haired woman nodded.

"There have been three known cases of true nephilim in history and they were all killed by the heavenly host," Rias replied.

"Not a word to use around here, got it," Fleur winced.

As they finished with that disturbing subject, the train began to slow down, and they all looked outside as they passed through the portal.

"That's the capital city of Lilith," Rias explained as Akeno ended her spell, pointing out at the urban landscape. "Sirzech's palace is over there."

"You mean the one that looks like Versailles?" Fleur asked, smiling at the familiar sight.

"That's the one," Rias nodded. "The sprawling black fortress in the center is where the council convenes when they do."

It was a far more imposing structure, and as Harry looked around, he saw that devils seemed to generally favor darker, more imposing architecture, with most of it looking.

"I didn't expect so much Gothic architecture," Hermione murmured as she looked around.

"It was in vogue on Earth at the time that most of this was built," Rias explained, "and we've, by and large, remained fond of it. Sirzech's palace is somewhat unique for that reason."

"Once we reach the station, just follow us, and we'll get you formally registered," Akeno said. "We'll be able to teleport everyone directly to Gremory Castle afterward."

"Is that likely to take long?" Harry asked and Rias shook her head.

"No, it's actually pretty efficient," she replied. "Whoever said that bureaucracy came from hell has never been here."

Sure enough, it was a rather short process, after which she managed to teleport them all to the grounds of the Castle Gremory.

"Wow, this place is beautiful," Fleur marveled as she looked up at the sprawling, imposing castle.

Sirzech's home was a palace more than anything, while Gremory Castle was a true castle, with tall towers and heavy stone walls. It was larger than Hogwarts, with a far rounder layout, and nine tall towers made of dark stone, piercing the sky.

"Why, thank you," Venelana murmured, and more than a few of them jumped at her sudden appearance.

"Mother, you've met most of my peerage already, but these are Luna Lovegood and Fleur Delacour," Rias smiled, and her mother's eyes immediately fixed on Fleur, who froze under her stare.

"Hello," Venelana said, her voice softer than her purple eyes, "and welcome to Castle Gremory. I'm glad you like it, young lady, as Zeoticus and I designed much of it ourselves."

"Really?" Hermione asked. "I would have thought it was older than that."

"Well, keep in mind that I'm far older than I look, but we had to have some heavy reconstruction done quite a while ago," Venelana replied.

"Were you attacked?" Harry asked.

"We have been a time or two, but it wasn't that," Venelana chuckled. "Sirzechs destroyed the east wing of the old castle a few weeks after he was born."

"What?" Harry asked, wide-eyed, and she just laughed.

"I was late feeding him, and he was less than pleased," Venelana sighed. "The silly boy never let anyone else do it in those days. Thankfully, while his fondness for buxom women hasn't diminished at all since those days, his control over his powers has improved dramatically. Grayfia, show our guests to their quarters."

"Yes, Lady Venelana," Grayfia replied. "Right this way."

"Your brother was already that powerful as a baby?" Hermione whispered to Rias.

"Sirzechs Lucifer is widely feared for a reason, young lady," Grayfia replied, having overheard her, and Hermione went still under her crimson gaze.

"How did you two meet?" Harry asked, earning a glare from the maid.

"On the battlefield," Grayfia replied flatly.

"You two fought alongside each other?" Luna asked. "How sweet!"

"You already told them about us then?" Grayfia asked, looking at Rias, who just nodded. Sighing, she turned back to Luna and said, "We didn't fight alongside each other, no. We were on opposite sides during the civil war."

"Really?" Harry asked.

"Yes," Grayfia replied flatly, her tone suggesting she was done discussing it. "Anyway, Kiba, Koneko, you two are in your old quarters here, while you four have been given a suite of rooms next to Rias's chambers, since none of us are under any delusion that you'll be sleeping anywhere else. Lord Zeoticus will be throwing a feast in less than an hour to celebrate Rias having found so many new members of her peerage, and you're free to do as you like until then. If you need anything, feel free to ask either myself, or one of the other servants."

As she left, Hermione turned to Rias and asked, "Why does your brother's wife serve as a maid here?"

"She enjoys it," Rias replied simply, gesturing to Kiba and Koneko that they could head on if they liked, which they did. "Truth be told, she rarely even admits to their relationship during work hours, so I'm surprised she was so forthcoming just there. She must be in a particularly good mood."

"Perhaps your nephew did something really impressive," Akeno posited as Harry whispered something in Rias' ear that made her laugh. "You'll all likely meet Millicas soon. He's utterly adorable."

"Wait, here?" Rias asked, cackling as Harry nodded. "Oh, that's priceless!"

"What is it?" Fleur asked, feeling a chill go down her spine as both Rias and Harry turned to grin at her evilly.

"Do you remember that little bet we made on the outcome of the third task?" Harry asked.

"Oui," Fleur replied warily as Harry's eyes raked up and down over her body.

"When I was a boy, my relatives watched a particularly funny movie once, and when they paused it to get more snacks, I popped my head out and looked at the screen," Harry replied. "It was a single still that meant little to me at the time, but which has stuck with me ever since all the same."

"Right, you said it was called...Clue, right?" Fleur asked, and Hermione snorted.

"Really, Harry?" the brunette asked, making Fleur even more concerned.

"Hey, it's a great outfit," Harry replied with a grin, holding his hands out in front of him as he sought to conjure clothes for Fleur.

The image of Yvette the maid had managed to sear itself in his mind despite him being far too young at the time to properly appreciate it, and, as he knew Fleur's every curve like the back of his hand, he was quickly able to conjure a copy of the maid uniform from the movie that would fit her perfectly, and the Veela's eyes widened at the sight.

"You wish me to wear this here?" Fleur asked.

"More than you can imagine," Harry rumbled and the blonde shivered at the desire in his eyes.

"Well, I suppose a bet's a bet," Fleur grinned, taking the uniform from him.

"Um, will your parents mind?" Hermione asked. "This is kind of...borderline lingerieish."

"Please," Akeno snorted. "I once lost a bet with Rias and had to walk around here in nothing but pasties and a thong."

"Did you take any pictures?" Luna asked, and the dark-haired girl grinned at her.

"I could recreate the look if you like," Akeno purred.

"Devil morality and human morality differ quite a bit, Hermione," Rias explained. "We can all be a bit freer here. Oh, wow."

"What do you think, 'Arry?" Fleur asked breathily, twirling around in the uniform she'd just put on with a simple spell.

"I think I'm going to really enjoy the next week," Harry grinned, looking her up and down.

The white and black maid's uniform clung to her like a second skin, showing off her incredible figure completely. It was a little shorter than the sundress had been, displaying her long, gorgeous legs, and he'd even charmed the bodice to push her breasts up on its own, meaning that she neither needed nor had room for a bra. He gazed down at her pale, supple breasts and pulled her in for a searing, hot kiss.

"I'm going to freshen up a bit," Hermione chuckled, shaking her head fondly at their antics. "Do remember that we have a feast to prep...um, Rias?"

"Yes?" Rias asked, tearing her eyes away from Harry and Fleur to cock an eyebrow at Hermione.

"What's this pile of books on the bed?" she asked, and Rias poked her head inside.

"Oh, they remembered," she said happily. "I asked the servants to put copies of each volume of Nicholas Flamel's journals in here."

"What?" Fleur asked, breaking the kiss to look at Rias.

"The main reason I'm leaving you four here for the next few weeks is because I want us to have help on hand if Harry displays any further...unique abilities, but I was hoping that you'd take the time to research a couple things too. I'll have far more time on my hands soon, but until then…"

"Oh, we can do that," Hermione beamed, rushing over to the pile of books with all the excitement of a child on Christmas morning.

"What else do you want us to look into?" Harry asked.

"Anything else that you can find on the master-servant pact," Rias replied. "Frankly, if you can find out just what this 'quintessence' is, I...what are you doing?"

She watched in confusion as books started flying off into two different piles, flipping open in front of Hermione's face for just a moment before going to their designated spots as she held her hands in front of her, directing them all with startling speed and efficiency.

"I've read a few biographies of him before, and they all generally agree that the stone was likely finished within the first fifty years of his life," Hermione replied. "He was born in 1325, so I'm moving everything written after 1376 over here, piling them up in order. It appears that he started journaling in his early twenties, having some rather remarkable manuscripts here for their age. They must be charmed to...Luna?"

She looked at the blonde in confusion as she started pulling books, seemingly at random, from both piles.

"I'm summoning books that mention the quintessence," Luna replied, and Hermione just stared at her for a moment before sighing and hanging her head. "Hey, dividing the ones that do mention it into piles from before and after 1376 is still a good idea."

"Thank you," Hermione muttered, feeling stupid for not having thought of that herself, and Harry kissed her temple, making her smile despite herself.

"I guess we could take one of the early ones each and flip through it as we wait for the feast," Akeno suggested, sitting down and summoning over one of the ancient tomes.

The six of them read in silence for a while, each becoming engrossed in the particular journal that they'd selected. Nicholas Flamel had lived a very long, and very interesting life, and Hermione in particular was looking forward to going through all of his journals, once they'd found the answer they were seeking.

"Rias, I would like a word," Venelana said as she poked her head in.

Fleur stiffened at her presence, but though she looked at her, she didn't react at all to how she was dressed.

"Look through the books and see if you find anything," Rias smiled. "I'll be back in a moment."

She followed her mother, who teleported them both into her favorite sitting room and sat down, gesturing for Rias to do the same. Rias, wondering what this was about, did as her mother bade her to and poured herself a cup of tea from the steaming hot pot sitting on the table next to the cups. Venelana had already done so before she left, and she picked hers up, sipping it gingerly as she let the silence go on for a moment.

"You turned the Veela," she said at last, and Rias just sighed as she stirred a little sugar into her cup.

"I told you I was planning to," the redhead replied. "She took two of my pawns, where Hermione and Luna each took one. She's powerful and will be a great asset to…"

"I got a good look at her assets just now," Venelana quipped. "Normally I would think nothing of you taking on one of their kind as a servant, but you were spotted with her in Lilith, and I can assure you, Regina Phenex will have already heard of it."

"Right," Rias muttered, sipping her tea.

"Have you given much thought to what we discussed the other day?" Venelana asked.

"Not really," Rias admitted. "It's been a trying and very busy few days, and I don't think I've quite wrapped my head around you actually wanting me to marry Harry. I love him, and he loves me, but we've been on one formal date in our entire relationship, a relationship wherein we spent most of our time in schools on different continents. I would like to get to have a normal relationship with him for a while and was hoping that, down the line, we would discuss marriage."

"Being a devil means taking what you want where you can, but being an adult means realizing that you can't get everything you want," Venelana said firmly, and Rias scowled. "You took what you wanted when you bedded a random human boy to rid yourself of your engagement to Riser Phenex, and now that random boy has become a more important figure than we ever could have imagined. If he possessed one of the longinuses, if he possessed the True Longinus, that still wouldn't make him as great an asset to us as his incubus status."

"Where is this going?" Rias asked, and her mother glared at her.

"The Phenexes are going to become a problem for us over this," Venelana replied, sipping her tea. "The engagement breaking was one thing, as engagements do fall apart from time to time, but taking on a Veela into your service not even a full year after you threw away your engagement to Riser is going to be seen as an insult. It won't come to war; they're not that hot-headed, but there are ways in which they can make trouble for us. The Phenex clan is not without influence, both in high society at large and especially in the Council of Lords."

"Damn it," Rias muttered.

"Your brother is not universally beloved in the Council of Lords, and he certainly isn't in the Elder Council," Venelana continued. "We're going to need to find a way to soothe their ruffled feathers, if you'll forgive the pun, and the easiest way to do so will be to inform them, discreetly, about what Harry is."

"Pimping him out to their daughter," Rias scowled, and Venelana just laughed.

"I doubt he'll object too strongly to bedding a beautiful, nubile blonde," she replied dryly. "He already has two of them. Ravel isn't your servant, though. She's not Akeno or some random witch you made yours. She's a young noblewoman, the same as you, and she will not defer to you as you are; rather, she'll try to end up his favorite."

"Harry wouldn't let her manipulate him," Rias insisted, and Venelana looked at her like she'd just suggested surrendering to the Heavens.

"He's a man, dear," Venelana replied dryly. "They all think with their cocks to one extent or another, and unless the Phenex girl is a complete fool, which I have no reason to think she is, she'll be subtle, playing on his baser nature, pretending to be vulnerable and in need of a big strong man to comfort her in this new environment, away from her family. Even if you warn him ahead of time, he'll remain vulnerable to her charms because she's a beautiful young woman and he's a man. If you were his wife, though, she would be far more cautious."

"Right," Rias sighed, pinching the bridge of her nose. "A lover trying to assert herself above a man's girlfriend is using her wiles and cunning to take what she wants, while a mistress trying to reach above her status and replace her lover's wife looks desperate and obvious, things that her pride wouldn't allow her to do."

"Basic etiquette would also see her defer to you in all things if she wants to enjoy Harry, as going around your back would be a significant faux pas and something that you could use the rest of the harem to freeze her out over," Venelana continued. "Managing all of this is going to be a careful balancing act, but one that I think you'll thrive in. To take command, though, you need to cement your status as his first wife."

"How long do you think it will be before the Phenexes start making nuisances of themselves?" Rias asked, tiredly.

"I doubt they'll do anything overt for a little while," Venelana replied, "but I would like you to at least broach the subject with him before the summer's over.

"I can do that much," Rias said, and her mother smiled.

"Excellent," Venelana nodded. "Now…"

She trailed off as a small glowing ball floated into the room, flashing a couple times before disappearing.

"The feast is about to begin," Venelana replied. "Sirzechs will be here along with Millicas. He managed to best Beowulf in a spar today."

"Really?" Rias asked, genuinely impressed.

"He's progressing by leaps and bounds, that boy," Venelana smiled, sounding proud. "He's not like his father was at his age, something that none of us truly expected anyway, but he's going to be extraordinary; I just know."

"I'll gather the others and bring them down to the great hall," Rias said, standing up, but her mother just raised a hand.

"There's no need," she smiled. "The servants will have already collected them. Come."

They made their way down, and she found her peerage already seated near her own typical chair and joined them.

"This place is beautiful," Hermione murmured to her as she sat down.

"Similar in a way to the great hall in Beauxbatons," Fleur added.

"I don't even want to think about what Hogwarts' great hall must still look like," Harry muttered as Sirzechs walked in, followed closely by Grayfia, who was dressed in a more formal gown than he'd ever seen her in, and a boy who had to be Millicas.

He looked a lot like his father, with the same crimson hair, high cheekbones, and straight nose, but his eyes were as red as his mother's. Looking somewhat shy as he followed his father to his seat at Zeoticus' left hand, he took one look at Fleur, still dressed in her maid's outfit, and blushed. Grayfia and Sirzechs noticed as well, and the silver-haired woman's eyes narrowed slightly, making Fleur gulp.

"Well, now that we're all here, we can begin," Zeoticus announced, standing up. "Many of you I have seen in this hall time and time again, and some I will have the pleasure of meeting tonight. I welcome you all happily. Tonight we celebrate the achievements of two of you. Rias, my daughter, you have grown by leaps and bounds this last year, growing in power, asserting yourself as a true devil worthy of the name of Gremory, and filling most of the empty spots in your peerage. As I understand, you have only a bishop, a knight, and a rook left, yes?"

"That's right, Father," Rias smiled up at him.

"I am most proud," Zeoticus nodded, "as I am of you, my boy. Millicas, your father tells me that you managed to best Beowulf in a spar the other day."

"Once, Grandfather," Millicas replied shyly, and Zeoticus just grinned.

"That is no mean feat, Millicas," he chuckled. "Beowulf managed to wound your father in a duel when he was still mortal. To be able to hold your own against him at your age, much less best him at all, is incredible."

"Thank you," Millicas said, earning another chuckle from his grandfather.

"Our family grows more powerful and prosperous by the year," Zeoticus continued, "something that I get the sense will only increase in the near future."

He eyed Harry as he said that, making him sit up a little straighter.

Servants walked in then carrying bottles of wine, and they filled each glass, save for Millicas', which was filled with something that looked like simple grape juice with a wave of his mother's hand.

"To the House of Gremory and the future," Zeoticus said, holding out his glass.

They all repeated the toast and drank, at which point more servants entered carrying great trays of food, the largest of which held an entire roasted boar.

"Beowulf?" Hermione asked, turning to Rias, who set her glass down.

"A member of my brother's peerage," she replied. "He's a descendant of the original hero, Beowulf, and one of the strongest pawns in the Underworld. The wound my father mentioned was a small cut, but even that was an extraordinary accomplishment for a mortal."

"That's true," Sirzechs piped up, "and he's only grown stronger since then."

"I guess landing any blows against you in a fight is quite the accomplishment in general," Harry chuckled as the servants filled his plate with a good bit of the boar's shoulder.

"I'm not invincible, but yes," Sirzechs replied. Gesturing to Grayfia, he said, "This one only barely managed it."

"Sirzechs," Grayfia whined, and he just chuckled.

"Oh come now, it's a sweet story," Venelana grinned.

"I guess it wasn't a spar," Hermione commented, and Grayfia just sighed.

"No, it was during the civil war," Grayfia replied. "My house, House Lucifuge, remained loyal to the cause of the Old Satan faction, despite the fact that the heir of Lucifer had elected not to press his claim, and so I fought."

"On the outskirts of the city of Lucifaad, in one of the final battles of the war, she came straight at me," Sirzechs smiled fondly. "From the moment I laid eyes on her, I thought she was the most beautiful girl I'd ever seen."

"Ugh," Millicas groaned, digging into his potatoes and conjuring earplugs for himself, earning a few laughs.

"We fought…" Sirzechs went to continue.

"I fought," Grayfia corrected him. "You spent the whole time flirting while blocking or destroying my every attack. Once I'd exhausted myself against him, I thought he was going to finish me off, or at least take me prisoner."

"What did he do instead?" Harry asked.

"He asked me to dinner," Grayfia replied, rolling her eyes affectionately.

"She punched me in the face," Sirzechs chuckled, smiling at her.

"Well, I had to at least get one blow in," Grayfia grinned.

Rias smiled at the pair of them, happy to see Grayfia relax, something that she seldom saw, given the other woman's professionalism.

"So you two, Luna, Fleur, tell me a little about yourselves," Zeoticus commanded softly, turning to the two blondes.

"Well, I grew up in France and attended school at Beauxbatons, having graduated just recently," Fleur began.

As the Veela gave a little bit of her backstory, Harry caught sight of Sirzechs subtly examining her before turning to his wife.

"Say…" he went to say.

"No," Grayfia cut him off.

"But…" Sirzechs went to argue.

"Well, not when I'm on duty," Grayfia replied under her breath, and he just grinned.

Harry returned his gaze to Fleur and felt Rias slide a hand over his, drawing his attention.

"You look beautiful," he murmured, earning a wide smile from her.

"You've only grown more handsome since we met," Rias replied. "What do you think of the place? You've been here before, but you'll be staying a little longer this time."

"I think it's lovely," Harry replied. "I've gotten rather used to living in castles by now."

"Good," Rias grinned.

"...and 'Arry ultimately won the tournament and the bet, hence my present attire," Fleur finished.

"None of us mind," Venelana chuckled. "What about you, Luna?"

"Well, I attended Hogwarts until recently and will be hoping to catch up on what I need to to attend Kuoh Academy," Luna replied.

"We'll help you with that before the summer's done," Rias assured her.

"I used to travel a lot before Daddy was killed, and we used to try and find proof that creatures other people didn't believe in existed, but that kind of thing just isn't as fun as it used to be," Luna continued.

"I'm sorry, child," Venelana said sympathetically.

"Thank you," Luna replied. "I've found a new family with Harry, Rias, and the others, though, and I'm really looking forward to seeing more of the Underworld."

"Well, you can visit anywhere you like within the Gremory territory," Zeoticus piped up, "but I'd advise against going further than that for the time being. Part of what you'll all be doing while you're here is learning about the Underworld, Devils, and our culture and ways. As members of my daughter's peerage, you all represent her, and you should know this world well."

"Of course," Harry agreed readily.

"The lessons are all really interesting," Kiba piped up.

The feast continued from there, the food being even more incredible than it always was at Hogwarts, though that could have been things just tasting better to him as a devil, and Harry enjoyed just how accepted he felt there. He knew that both of Rias' parents knew about his relationship with her and was a little surprised that neither one brought it up through the evening, though he figured that they were planning to do so in private while he was there. She kept sneaking little touches through the evening, and he responded in kind, never failing to put a smile on her face when he did so.

After a couple hours, Sirzechs got called away on business, and not long after, Grayfia took a tired-looking Millicas home. Zeoticus and Venelana turned out to be gracious hosts and tried to get to know them all as well as they could, still never bringing up Harry and Rias' relationship, which he continued to think odd.

"...architectural schematics from all manner of civilizations," Zeoticus grinned quite a while later. "I have to imagine that I'm going to keep finding wonders in there for the rest of my days."

"I wonder if there are any from Arda," Harry murmured, and Hermione's eyes went wide at the thought of being able to look at actual drawings of structures like Orthanc.

"There's at least one," Zeoticus replied, and Hermione looked at him excitedly. "I found schematics for Barad-dur; quite the fortress that tower would be, and I think it's actually viable too."

"Are you familiar with Tolkien's work?" Hermione asked.

"Only a little," Zeoticus replied. "The schematics were quite interesting, though."

A nearby clock struck, and, looking at the time, Venelana said, "We should probably let you all go."

"Thank you both for this," Rias smiled. "It had been a little while since we managed to get the family together like this.

"Your brother is always so busy," Zeoticus sighed, "and speaking of busy, I was just thinking that I have a few things I need to take care of as well. Good night all, and it was nice meeting you both, Luna, Fleur."

"It was a pleasure, my lord," Fleur smiled as Luna quietly agreed.

"Good night," Venelana added softly, "and Rias, we'll speak in the morning."

"Night, Mother," Rias replied, watching her go.

She led her peerage out of the hall, and they all flew upstairs towards her quarters, with Kiba and Koneko quickly leaving the harem alone.

So, did you all find anything in Flamel's journals after Mother dragged me away?" Rias asked.

"There was one thing, but I didn't finish reading it before we were summoned for the feast," Luna replied.

"I was meaning to ask, is something wrong?" Harry asked as he followed her. "Your mother looked pretty tense as she called you away."

"The Phenexes are still quite displeased with me," Rias replied, "something that turning Fleur didn't help with."

"They are that upset about Veela?" Fleur asked.

"If I hadn't pissed them off otherwise, it wouldn't be much of an issue, but because of Riser and everything that happened there, it looks like a pattern of insults against them," Rias replied. "I knew they wouldn't be happy, and I'll deal with whatever fallout comes. Now what did you find?"

"I found the passage from just after he had completed the Stone," Luna replied, picking up the book she'd set down before and returning to the page she'd left off on. "It worked! It actually worked. The quintessence has completely stabilized the stone, fully entrapping the soul within and allowing me to finish it. The bonding process turned it a bright red and took more blood than I imagined. I will let it sit for a day and see if any cracks appear, but if not, I think I will have done what all other alchemists said was impossible. I will have stolen the power of life from God himself. Ow. I really need to get used to not saying that."

"I shudder to think of just how many failed versions of this we're going to read about in these," Hermione commented dryly. "What date was that from?"

"November twenty-second, thirteen seventy-wo," Luna replied.

"The biographers were quite close then," Harry murmured, as he and the others started looking through some of the other early volumes."

"This one is from January of that year," Akeno called out, flipping through it.

"Seventy-one, seventy-one," Hermione muttered as she opened and dismissed a couple other volumes. "I really hope we're not somehow missing a volume."

"I highly doubt it," Rias drawled as she looked through some of the others.

"Hey, I think this is it," Fleur replied. "This one starts in April of seventy-two."

"It would pick up right where this one finishes," Akeno nodded. "He had a busy few months here, though most of the entries seem to be notes on prospective projects."

"Strange that his second volume would stretch from April to November, then," Harry commented.

"That's because there's a two-month gap here," Fleur replied, her eyes growing progressively wide as she read through a particular entry. "Nicholas Flamel disappeared."

"Huh?" Harry asked, instantly annoyed that he didn't have the stone to ask him about it if his journal didn't clear things up.

"Listen to this entry from Halloween," Fleur said. "I have just been on the most extraordinary adventure, and if not for the fact that I scared poor Perinelle half to death, I would have considered it one of the highlights of my life. It all started when I found the scale, a gigantic crimson scale that looked like it fell from the largest lizard of all time. It was hard, like that of a dragon, though if a dragon big enough for this monstrosity to come from exists, I fear for us all. It was half buried in a bog near Marseille and when I pulled it out, I found myself teleported away, as though it had been a portkey…"

"Portkeys go back that far?" Harry asked.

"Apparently," Fleur shrugged. "The land I ended up in was like nothing I had ever seen before. There were muggles all over the place, crowded into towers of steel of glass like ants in a hill. They all wore clothing fit for kings in quality and wielded weapons that seemed almost magical at first glance. I hid myself at once and remained invisible almost through the entire trip. The scale came with me, but it wouldn't return me to where it came from, and I spent weeks trying to get it to work again, desperate to return home to my beloved. I ate what I could get my hands on, found shelter in abandoned buildings, and stayed on the move, fearful of being caught by these oddly capable muggles."

"This sounds like he ended up teleported through time," Hermione commented, and Fleur gave her a pointed look.

"As I was traveling around, I saw strange spectral criers touting the wonders of a new innovation," Fleur continued. "It was a power of some kind, which sounded entirely magical, and so I investigated. These people were muggles, but they had somehow managed to siphon and harness a magic like none I had ever seen. They called it silver, though it wasn't. What it was, was pure soul energy, beyond anything I had ever worked with. I acquired a sample of this silver, which I think might be the quintessence I had theorized could stabilize my work, and just then, for some reason, the scale worked again, and I found myself falling face-first in that wretched bog. It was quite unpleasant, but at least I was back, and I had the sample of the quintessence with me. I will be experimenting on it soon, trying to see if it might work for what I have in mind, lest I doom yet another soul to a failed experiment. I searched for the scale, but it seemed to dissipate in my hand as I fell, and I think it was destroyed. Whatever it was, it might well have been the solution to a problem I've been struggling with for some fifteen years."

"What?" Harry asked, staring down at the book in confusion.

Looking around, he saw a number of equally confused faces.

"Like I say, it sounds like he traveled through time," Hermione said. "Those towers of glass and steel sound like modern skyscrapers."

"I've never heard of muggle weapons that I'd expect wizards, even medieval ones, to think of as magical, though," Harry replied, "or at least nothing that you'd see just carried around. I also have no idea what this 'silver' could be."

"Maybe he traveled to a further point in time than ours," Hermione suggested.

"I think it's more likely that he traveled to another world," Rias said.

"What makes you say that?" Luna asked.

"The scale," Rias replied, and Akeno snapped her fingers.

"The Apocalypse dragon," she breathed, and Rias nodded.

"Hmm?" Hermione asked.

"You'll recall that I said a while ago that the Dimensional Gap is ruled by an enormous red dragon, yes?" Rias asked. "Well, what I just heard sounded like a guy finding an enormous red dragon scale and being whisked away by it to a dramatically different place."

"So you think that the Apocalypse Dragon...what? Sheds his scales?" Hermione asked.

"I remember reading that dragons do that instead of shedding their skin in solid bits like snakes," Fleur commented. "I researched them a fair bit before the first task."

"We focused mostly on how not to be killed by them," Harry chuckled. Smiling at Rias, he added, "Though I eventually found one hell of a solution."

Rias grinned at him and said, "The Apocalypse Dragon lives in the Dimensional Gap and has done so for millennia. I have no idea what effect that might have had on him or if any of this is true, but if he actually does shed scales capable of bringing people to other worlds, that opens up a host of possibilities that I wouldn't have thought possible."

As she grinned at that, considering what wonders she might find in other worlds, Harry's thoughts turned to a very similar question. If they could find one of these scales and go exploring beyond the limitations of Earth and the Underworld, could they potentially find something that could help even the odds between him and Rizevim?
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Aug 20, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Sir_dood134, Markuz Black, Fridrich and 249 others
voivode_writer
Jun 24, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 32 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Jul 8, 2025
Add bookmark
#756
"So, in summation, the devil government is divided into three branches, not unlike some governments on Earth," Agrippa said. "The executive branch is controlled by the Four Great Satans: Lord Sirzechs, Lord Ajuka, Lady Serafall, and Lord Falbium. The Council of Lords, on which sit the ruling lords and ladies of every remaining Pillar House, serves as the legislative branch, while the Elder Council serves as the judicial branch. The lion's share of power is held by the executive branch, of which Lord Sirzechs is the most active member in the government, but a two-thirds majority in both of the other branches can overrule them."

"Makes more sense than the wizarding government," Harry murmured, "given that the Wizengamot seemed to be both of the latter branches while the minister did whatever the hell Fudge did other than make trouble."

"Why does the executive branch hold so much more power than the others?" Hermione asked. "I can't imagine that they're often overruled at all, given how many people would need to band together to do so."

"Good question, Miss Granger," Agrippa replied. "One thing that you'll need to learn quickly is that devils respect, above all else, power. The Four Great Satans hold the roles that they do in large part because they're the most powerful devils in the Underworld. Lady Grayfia nearly took the position of Leviathan, but Lady Serafall managed to just barely best her."

"She and Lord Sirzechs would have essentially been the royal family of the Underworld at that point," Fleur pointed out, and Agrippa chuckled.

"They pretty much are," he replied. "Lord Ajuka's primary focus is on his research and he often goes weeks or even months without venturing outside of Agreas. Lord Falbium controls the military and spends most of his time overseeing the ongoing conflict with the angels, so that leaves him with very little time for the day to day operations."

"What about Lady Serafall?" Luna asked, curious.

"She's in charge of our foreign affairs," Agrippa replied, looking somewhat strained. "Most of her time is spent on her acting pursuits, though."

"Acting?" Harry asked.

"Lady Serafall stars in and produces a television series called Magical Girl Levia-tan," Agrippa replied, wincing only slightly. "It is, for reasons I am clearly far too old to understand, highly popular."

"Magical girl?" Luna asked, and a chill went down Harry's spine, as though something terrible was about to happen.

"It's an entire genre of television in Japan, from what I understand," Agrippa replied. "Lady Rias could explain more."

"I'll have to ask her," Luna mused.

"Harry?" Grayfia asked, poking her head in the small room they were using as a classroom. "It's time."

"Alright," Harry nodded.

"Just go over the maps I assigned to you," Agrippa called out. "You'll be expected to fill in each clan's territory on the test tomorrow."

"I will," Harry nodded as he stood up.

"Good luck," Luna murmured, and he saw Hermione and Fleur look at him hopefully.

He took flight, following Grayfia outside. The past couple days had been filled with basic lessons on how the Underworld operated as well as the history of the devils. It would be some time before any of them, even Hermione, were particularly knowledgeable on the subjects at hand, but time was something that they had in great abundance. Rias was planning to take over and bring them up to speed on what they'd need to know to go to attend Kuoh after her term ended, which meant that they had a few weeks of underworld lessons left.

School had barely been a concern of his since he met her, having to come to focus so thoroughly on training for the tournament, and he'd pilfered so much knowledge from the Horcrux that he didn't need his Hogwarts classes anyway. The dead Dark Lord's knowledge couldn't help him in Japan or with the devils, though, so he ended up having to actually pay attention to lessons again, which was almost novel.

There was still a need for training, though.

"Alright," Grayfia said flatly as they reached the training yard on the castle's grounds. "I'll be upfront with you; you have no hope against me. Landing even a single hit would be impressive, so I don't want you sulking and moping about because I thoroughly outclassed you, got it?"

"I trained with Rias and Akeno…" Harry went to say.

"Neither of them are anywhere near as powerful as I am," Grayfia pointed out.

"...as a middling fourth-year wizard student," Harry continued, looking at her flatly. "I spent months getting my ass kicked by them before I improved at all, so trust me, I can handle that."

"Good," Grayfia replied approvingly. "Hit me with everything you have. I want to see what I'm dealing with."

"Alright," Harry replied, calling forth his magic.

He had been reading some of the spellbooks that Luna had become so fond of, the ones from another world, and had just the spell in mind to test the waters. He lobbed a magic missile at her, wanting to see what she'd do, and she flicked it away almost lazily.

"You have better control over your magic than some new devils," Grayfia commented, "something that your background guarantees, but you'll need to do better than that."

He flew around her, continuing to send missile after missile at her from every direction, and she blocked each one, looking increasingly confused by what he thought he was going to accomplish. In truth, he wanted to get a basic sense of how she fought, wondering if she'd take advantage of the speed that her evil piece afforded her, the brute strength, or the magical enhancement. He'd already gotten a more complete explanation of how Evil Pieces worked than Rias had ever given him and knew that as a queen, Grayfia was enhanced in virtually every way. She seemed to favor magical solutions, choosing to stand almost still as she batted away his every spell.

"What exactly do you think you're…" Grayfia went to ask, only to go silent as she felt something far more powerful headed her way.

The organ-melting curse she chose to dodge, and she smiled just slightly. "I was wondering when you'd try something real."

"I wanted to see how you'd react to basic attacks," Harry replied, "before I used anything of value."

He put his hands together and sent a large ball of fire in her direction, only for her to disappear and reappear right in front of him, making him gasp.

"Careful now," she chuckled. "If you set the grounds on fire, Lady Venelana will be most upset, and trust me when I say you don't want that."

"Did you teleport?" Harry asked, flying back a few feet.

"No, I just flew," Grayfia replied, putting out the fire he'd set with a snap of her fingers. "My speed is greatly enhanced by my queen piece, and I move quickly enough to look like I'm teleporting when I want to. Agrippa did tell you how the evil pieces work, yes?"

"The knight pieces are made faster than they were, the rook's stronger and more durable, and the bishops more magically capable," Harry replied. "The queen pieces get a mix of all three, while the pawns…"

"Can take on the traits of any of them, provided they're in the right circumstances," Grayfia finished for him. "In time you'll learn to promote yourself to any of the other four options, though you'll most often take on the queen traits, for obvious reasons. Your magical control is impressive, as I said, but we're going to need to broaden your thinking."

"Hmm?" Harry asked.

"The type of magic you've learned so far has been quite regimented and strict, since descendants of the fallen are somewhat limited in what they can and can't do," Grayfia explained. "What you're drawing on now is demonic power, of which you seem to have an impressive amount for one just turned. It is far less limited, and in time you'll learn to do truly extraordinary things, but for now, I think we'll focus on your stamina."

"My stamina is the least of my problems, trust me," Harry chuckled, only to freeze as she glared at him.

"Towards the end of the war, I fought Serafall for ten days and ten nights," Grayfia explained. "That cute story Lady Venelana insisted I tell last night, we left out the part where Sirzechs showed up and spotted me after that. Now, I wouldn't have beaten him either way, but I was tired when we fought, and I still went after him for the better part of an hour before I exhausted myself. Now, you're going to try to hit me for real, with actual attacks, and every fifty times you fail, I'll hit you...like this."

She backhanded him, and Harry flew right into the ground, his ears ringing as he crashed. The Harry-sized dent he made in the ground would have made him laugh if he wasn't groaning in pain as he picked himself back up and shook his head. He needed no further proof than that that he was far stronger now than he was before he became a devil, because he doubted that he'd have survived that as a human, and he suspected that she was holding back too.

"Holy shit," he thought to himself as he flew back up to the murder maid regarding him with cold red eyes.

"Shall we begin seriously?" she asked and he spat down on the ground and grinned at her.

He was under no illusions about whether or not he'd manage to beat or even hit Grayfia just now, but he knew that she was very close to the level of one of the Great Satans and that he'd need to far exceed her to meet his goal.

"Let's," Harry replied, extending his right hand and hurling a bolt of lightning at her that she shielded against.

*****

"What in the world?" Hermione asked as she spotted the small factory on the edge of the Gremory territory that she was almost certain wasn't there a couple days ago.

Having to learn about a whole other world was exhilarating, and she was thrilled to know that, even if she'd left Hogwarts, she would still be attending classes on other subjects, but somewhere in the middle of memorizing the map of the devil territory, she'd started to get a bit of a headache and decided to fly around. She'd never cared of flying as a witch, not particularly liking the idea of using brooms for it. She didn't find them entirely comfortable, and she'd always been afraid of falling off and plummeting to her death. Now that she could do it under her own power, though, she finally understood what Harry liked so much about it.

"It wouldn't hurt to take a look," she thought to herself, flying over to get a better look.

As she drew close, she spotted a familiar head of crimson hair and landed in front of Zeoticus, whose eyebrows raised quickly as he noticed her.

"Oh, this is the Atlantean factory!" she exclaimed as she finally recognized the odd architecture.

It was a stepped pyramid of sorts, made of a dark stone with a slight bluish tinge, each level lined with glowing teal stones that she assumed had to be magical.

"It is indeed," Zeoticus chuckled, gesturing for the servants who had stopped to look at her to get back to work.

"How did you build it so quickly, my lord?" Hermione asked. "I thought you only started reading about them recently."

"You'll find that, with demonic power, plenty of things can be done more quickly and efficiently," Zeoticus chuckled. "Come inside. The work is nearly done, and I wouldn't have been able to do this without you."

Hermione nodded and followed along as he led her into the factory. The doors were all of an unusual design, featuring two parts clearly designed to fit together. They split in the middle, revealing that the one on the right jutted out about a foot in the middle and actually slotted into an opening in the left side. They were built like giant seatbelt buckles, and she wondered why in the world they worked that way.

"How many examples of Atlantean architecture did you find in the library?" she asked, and Zeoticus chuckled.

"The doors seemed odd to you too?" he asked. "That was actually quite common, and I have no idea why. Every door in this place works the same way, and they're all opened and closed exclusively by magic.

"I guess that's no weirder than the moving staircases at Hogwarts," Hermione commented as he led her further in. "Wow, this actually looks like a proper factory."

There was a large assembly line that went all the way around the square room, feeding into one mechanical-looking station after another.

"The basic process seems to be the same," Zeoticus replied. "The magicians of Atlantis just happened to figure it out thousands of years before the regular humans did. This particular factory was operated entirely by automatons, though my servants will be able to fill in for their roles. A dozen of them would work all day, manning their respective stations and ensuring that more and more of them were constructed. I'll admit that I'm mostly doing this to see how they work, but I would love to find a way to turn this into something more substantial."

"Do you think there'd be much of a market for it in the Underworld?" Hermione asked.

"Probably not," Zeoticus replied. "We have all the servants we need, and, thanks to the evil pieces, we can recruit humans if we need to. These things, if they worked, would be superfluous at best and a hazard to the economy at worst."

"They were meant to take the place of slaves, after all," Hermione nodded, "and slavery is, among other horrible things, a dreadfully stupid economic model. Even the magical world is smart enough to leave most tasks to employ…"

She trailed off, her eyes going wide as an odd thought occurred to her.

"What is it?" Zeoticus asked, eyeing her curiously.

"The Atlantean automatons were magical constructs," Hermione replied. "Could they perform magical acts?"

"They could perform basic magical tasks, yes," Zeoticus replied. "They were meant to serve the locals, after all, and that often meant taking care of things that they were too busy and/or lazy to. They're powered by heavily charged runic stones that sit in their chests and last for about thirty years before needing to be replaced."

Hermione thought to herself, wondering if she was about to suggest something stupid. From what she'd seen in her brief look at the book the Gremory lord had been reading the first time she met him, the automatons were just shy of four feet tall, vaguely humanoid, and utterly obedient. If they could perform all of the basic tasks that wizards and witches needed done…

"What if you sold them to the magical world?" she asked, earning a curious look from him.

"They already have those elves, though," Zeoticus pointed out, and she smiled.

"Yes, that's it," Hermione said. "They have house elves, who are generally loyal, fanatically so, but who come with some drawbacks. They draw on the magic of the one they're bound to to survive, and it isn't unheard of for them to fail or even betray their masters, even with how terribly bonded they are. If the automatons turn out to be capable of everything that they are, it might be possible to advertise them as a superior alternative."

"Hmm, curious," Zeoticus replied, looking around the factory. "I suppose I could make a fair bit of money there, though the enterprise would make me a fair few enemies."

"Elf breeders would despise it, of course, but…" Hermione went to say.

"Breeder," Zeoticus corrected her, and she looked at him in confusion. "I did a bit of reading on the subject after you raised it when we last spoke. It turns out that every house elf on Earth comes from the same source, the Lynch family in Ireland."

"You're serious?" Hermione asked, cringing as she realized just how little research she had actually done when she tried to start up her crusade for the elves earlier that year.

"They hold a complete global monopoly," Zeoticus confirmed. "Every elf sold throughout the world comes from their manor on the island of Inchmore. If I'm not mistaken, they're the only ones who live on the island."

"Even for the wizarding world, a place where things often don't make sense, a global monopoly is decidedly weird," Hermione pointed out.

"I was a little confused myself by that, but I didn't find anything explaining why," Zeoticus chuckled. "What would be your plan for the elves, should we manage to replace them?"

"I would ask very nicely that you give everyone willing to...trade in their elf a bit of a discount," Hermione replied awkwardly. "They're an entire species of slaves who have, presumably for generations beyond remembrance, been raised to believe that serving wizards and witches is their only purpose in life. I want to see if they could come to do anything else, given the option, and this world is clearly rich enough in magical energy to sustain them if Hogwarts can. The whole thing feels even more magical than the castle did. With nothing suggesting that they'd be harmed by coming here like I initially thought, it could make for an intriguing experiment."

"An entire species raised for centuries to serve would find someone else to serve," Zeoticus assured her. "Teaching them to do anything else would take centuries, need to stretch across multiple generations, and even then might well fail completely."

"I know it's unlikely, but I think it would be fascinating to attempt it, and if House Gremory could profit from it…" Hermione trailed off, enjoying the genuine interest in the older man's eyes. "If the stones last thirty years, you would have the entire magical world on a subscription plan to you. The potential profit would be significant."

"Hmm, well, you've given me something to consider," Zeoticus replied. "How go your studies?"

"Agrippa was telling us about the basic structure of the government earlier and then went into the early years of Lucifer's reign," Hermione replied. "I need to fill Harry in on that last part, as Grayfia showed up to take him away for training before we got to it."

"Yes, I saw her batting him through the skies earlier," Zeoticus chuckled. When Hermione looked concerned, he added, "Oh, he was quite alright. Devils are rather more durable than humans."

"As I'm sure I'll learn soon enough," Hermione muttered. "I was surprised that she volunteered to even start his training. Rias had intimated that that wouldn't be the best idea."

"She'll not be his primary trainer, at least for a while, but she's better than most at assessing where one is, power-wise," Zeoticus replied. "From her recommendations, it will be easy to figure out who would be best to handle his early training, other than Rias."

"Right," Hermione nodded. "Anyway, I'll leave you to this. Thank you for showing it to me and for considering my idea."

"You're quite welcome," Zeoticus replied.

With that, she flew off, her mind racing as she contemplated an idea that she'd set aside but never truly lost.

*****

"Mama?" Fleur asked as she stepped through the floo port from the Rookery.

She could have teleported there outright, but that would have raised questions that she didn't feel like answering just yet. Eventually, she would need to fess up to her family about what she'd done, but this conversation was going to be difficult enough without adding that in.

"Fleur, thank...what in the world are you wearing?" Apolline asked, and Fleur blanched as she looked down and saw that she was still in her skimpy maid uniform.

She'd worn nothing else since Harry first gave it to her, owing him as much for the bet, and gotten so used to it that she completely forgot. Sirius hadn't been in when she popped over to the Rookery, and neither elf had noticed, so this was her first time coming across anyone who might point it out.

"'Arry and I had a bet on who would win the third task," Fleur replied, making her mother laugh. "I've been wearing this damn thing for days and forgot to change."

"How is 'Arry?" Apolline asked. "You were so worried the last time you were here I don't think you even realized that you were speaking English."

"I was a mess," Fleur admitted, "but they're doing well, all things considered. The attack was pretty bad, but Harry managed to fend off the dark lord until Dumbledore could return."

"So the papers have said," Apolline murmured, sounding impressed. "Such power for a boy his age is unheard of."

"He is no boy," Fleur grinned, "something that was true even before I got my hands on him."

Apolline laughed at that and sat down, beckoning Fleur to do the same as she summoned a pair of teacups over and filled them, whatever she had steeping in the pot. Fleur smiled and nodded as she took hers, realizing at once that it was rose petals in the pot.

"Are Papa and Gabbie out?" she asked after a moment, furrowing her brow as her mother tensed.

"Gabrielle is out visiting a friend," Apolline replied. "As for your papa, he has an appointment with a healer."

"What's wrong?" Fleur asked.

"He's been increasingly weary and fatigued for the past few months," Apolline replied. "The ministry's been driving him mad, and he blamed it on that, but it doesn't seem to matter how well he sleeps or for how long. Finally, I put my foot down and demanded that he speak to someone, to set my mind at ease if nothing else."

"He seemed fine when I saw him," Fleur insisted, instantly anxious.

"You know your Papa," Apolline sighed. "That man could lose a limb, and he'd still act like nothing was wrong. He's probably just overworked, and I'm thinking of insisting on a vacation somewhere in the Riviera once we hear more from the healer. Do you think you could look after Gabrielle for a few days if we needed you to?"

"I...could," Fleur replied slowly, setting her tea down. "There's something that I need to tell you."

"You are moving to Britain, aren't you?" Apolline sighed. "Fleur, I know zat you and 'Arry have been seeing each other for a while, but..."

"I love him, Mama," Fleur smiled, and despite her reservations, Apolline smiled back. "I want to be with him for life, and I'm ready to move in with him."

"And there's no chance that he'd agree to move to France?" Apolline asked. "From what I've read in the papers, things in Britain sound utterly chaotic at the moment. One of the two students who were initially listed as casualties of the Death Eater attack is now suspected of having been their accomplice. The government is in chaos and some are wondering if they will even reopen the school, which leads in to another issue you're going to have. 'Arry is still in school and will spend most of the next year away at 'Ogwarts..."

"He's not returning there," Fleur replied, and Apolline went silent.

"He's had enough then," she nodded. "I can't say I'm surprised, given what you told me in your letters of his past. Where will he go then?"

"He doesn't really need further magical education," Fleur replied. "He could go toe-to-toe with the most powerful dark wizard since Grindelwald. He knows more about magic than I do, and his godfather is really interested in Japan…"

"Japan!?" Apolline exclaimed. "Why in the world would they go there?"

"Like I say, Sirius has long been intrigued by it," Fleur replied, giving her mother the lie they all agreed on, "and those three need a fresh start. 'Ermione's parents were murdered this year, as was Luna's father, and 'Arry was targeted yet again by Voldemort. With the dark prick dead, all three of them want a chance to go somewhere where they aren't known and try to live a normal life."

"Do any of you even speak Japanese?" Apolline asked, sounding exasperated.

"Language charms," Fleur replied, and her mother just blinked at her.

"Those are highly regulated and quite expensive," she pointed out, and Fleur just chuckled.

"It pays to have a government owe you," she replied, "not that Sirius would consider this worth what he went through. We're all fluent in the language by now."

"You really do mean to leave then," Apolline sulked, and Fleur hugged her.

"Hey, I'll still be but a floo trip away," she assured her. "It's not like we're muggles."

"You'll still be on the other side of the world," Apolline complained. "The difference in time zones alone will be a nightmare."

"I'll still come by often, I promise," Fleur sighed, and her mother hugged her more tightly, only to freeze.

"Oh my," she breathed, pulling back and looking at Fleur in surprise.

"What?" Fleur asked.

"It took a minute, but I finally noticed your man's essence on you," Apolline purred. "No wonder you're willing to follow him across the globe."

Fleur giggled at that and said, "He is extraordinary, Mama. Powerful, dominant, and an utter god in bed."

"We will have to discuss that at length," Apolline grinned, "or at girth."

Fleur cackled at that just as the door opened and a little blonde missile ran inside.

"Mam...Fleur!" Gabrielle exclaimed, rushing over and giving her sister a hug. "Where have...why do you smell so good?"

"Oh dear," Apolline muttered, looking up at Sebastian, who walked in behind their energetic youngest daughter.

"It's not smell you're sensing, ma petite," Fleur chuckled, "and I think you just might be getting older."

"What do you mean?" Gabrielle asked, "And why are you dressed up for Halloween?"

"I'm wondering that myself, Fleur," Sebastian chuckled, giving her a pointed look that made her blush.

"It's a long story, Papa," Fleur replied. "How are you feeling?"

"Better already," Sebastian replied, making Apolline narrow her eyes at him. "I think I just needed a day away from that Gordian Knot we call a government. How were things in Britain?"

"Chaotic," Fleur replied. "There's something that I need to discuss with you all."

*****

"I take it Grayfia hits really hard," Luna winced as she rubbed Harry's sore muscles.

"Like a bloody truck," he groaned. "Where are the others?"

"Hermione went flying and Fleur returned to France to speak to her family," Luna replied. "She does need to inform them about the whole 'moving to another continent' thing."

"She's sure that they won't sense the change in her?" Harry asked.

"She didn't sense just what Rias and Akeno were when all she knew about them was that you were sleeping with them," Luna pointed out. "Veela's senses are pretty great, but she's sure that her mother won't sense that she's a devil. She'll need to tell her at some point, but she figures one bombshell will be enough for now."

"I hate that we might end up being a source of tension between them," Harry muttered. Fleur was the only one among them other than Rias who still had any family, so the idea of parting them was deeply unpleasant.

"I'm sure it will all work out," Luna smiled, leaning down and kissing his bare back. "How are you feeling?"

"Infinitely better," Harry smiled. "Your hands are magical, Luna."

"If you don't mind, I'd like to try out another massage technique I've been reading about," Luna suggested and Harry shrugged.

"Have at it," he sighed. "I trust you."

Luna smiled at that, and her wings sprung out of her back as she took flight. "When this is done by muggles, they balance on things to help regulate their weight distribution, but I figure flying will make that even easier."

"Do wha...ugh," Harry groaned as he felt her feet press down on his back.

"How's that?" Luna asked, walking slowly over to him as the books she'd read on the subject suggested.

"Weird but not bad," Harry replied, groaning as she pressed more of her weight on him, massaging more deeply than she could by hand.

"If I'd known you were willing to try being stepped on, I'd have happily volunteered," Rias purred, and he laughed, nearly throwing Luna off her balance.

"Are we all set?" Luna asked, looking over at the crimson-haired beauty.

"We are," Rias nodded. "I have everything set up in the ritual room, and Akeno's already there. We're still waiting for Fleur, but I figured she'd be a little late, given everything. Could you pop over to the Rookery? I wanted to speak with Harry alone."

"Okay," Luna replied, flying off of him and landing softly next to the bed. "I wish I could be part of this too."

"Next month," Rias promised. "Looking over the ritual, I figured that it would be easy enough for the master to take on two servants at once, but I'm wary of trying three."

"It's okay," Luna smiled. "It's not like I don't already submit to Harry and his magic incubus penis nightly anyway. I don't mind waiting another month to make it official. See you in the orgy room."

She left with that, and Harry sat up, chuckling at her.

"I already read through Grayfia's report," Rias nodded. "By power alone, you're already pretty much as close as Akeno is to being considered a middle-class devil. There's a lot more that goes into that, and it will be quite some time before you can take the tests, but that's still extraordinary for one so recently turned."

"I did spend most of last year training with you two," Harry smiled. "So what did you want to talk about?"

"Us," Rias replied, climbing into his lap and running her nails through his hair. He'd grown it out over the course of the year, and it was nearly to his shoulders by now, something that all of his girls seemed to really enjoy.

"Should I be worried?" Harry asked, wrapping his arms around her and kissing her softly.

"I hope not," Rias replied. "Where do you see things going between us?"

Harry furrowed his brow in confusion at that and said, "Where...things would go, I suppose. I love you, and I want to spend my life with you."

"I love you too," Rias sighed happily.

"I'll be honest, I didn't grow up with the healthiest example of a romantic relationship," Harry muttered. "My aunt and uncle cared about the perception of those around them and very little else. They got along, I suppose, but their marriage had all the passion and warmth of a corpse."

"That's...actually why I was asking," Rias replied. "Where would you like us to be in five years?"

"Living peacefully, I hope," Harry replied softly. "I want Rizevim dealt with, our battles behind us, and the lot of us living together in peace and bliss. As for marriage, how do the laws here work, exactly?"

"There are certain regulations that must be followed," Rias replied. "The person of higher rank and status in the relationship is traditionally the one who proposes."

"Well, you have always looked good on your knees, luv," Harry rumbled, and Rias looked at him in shock for a moment before bursting out laughing.

"What happened to that innocent boy whose virginity I took?" she asked, sounding scandalized.

"You thoroughly corrupted him, and then he became an incubus," Harry grinned, brushing her hair behind her ear and cupping her cheek. "Did you think I'd be scared at the idea of marriage?"

"We are still really young," Rias replied, and he just chuckled.

"I don't think I've ever been young," Harry sighed. "Voldemort orphaned me when I was a year old. I spent ten years living with people who openly scorned me, and then upon learning that there was an entire world out there where people theoretically liked me, I was put into one life-threatening situation after another, ultimately turning to the devils for help with a particularly bad one. Now, having dealt with the psycho prick who tried to kill me as a baby, I've learned that, as a consequence of his actions, I'm going to need to become strong enough to challenge the fucking devil's son. I don't know how long my life is going to be, but I know that I want to spend it with you. How could I fear that?"

"Oh, Harry!" Rias exclaimed, kissing him deeply and trying to pour every ounce of love and affection she had into it. "I swear, I'll spend our entire life making up for all of that."

"Just being with you does that," Harry smiled. "Um, I do have to ask, though, are your parents truly okay with the idea of us being together for good? At the moment, we could just be written off as a passing affair, but if we're talking about marriage…"

"I haven't spoken to Father about this yet, but Mother would be happy to see us wed today," Rias replied, and his jaw dropped.

"What? Why?" he asked, genuinely surprised, and she just sighed.

"As an incubus, you're going to be the subject of great interest throughout the Underworld," Rias replied, and Harry chuckled.

"I'm rather used to that, trust me," he replied. "From the moment I arrived in the magical world, I was gawked at openly."

"Yes, but women weren't throwing themselves, their daughters, or both at you," Rias replied, "though if you returned to Hogwarts this year, that would probably change."

"Wait, what?" Harry asked.

"You're an incubus, Harry," Rias explained, "the only one in existence. You hold the key to fixing the greatest flaw in our people, and there isn't a noble family in the Underworld who won't want to take advantage of that. We're keeping it quiet for the time being, but word will spread, and when it does, so will the legs of every unwed noble girl among the devils."

"You...you make it sound like they're going to be trying to beat down our door," Harry spluttered.

"They won't be that overt, but they will be about as desperate," Rias sighed. "Mother listed off half a dozen women likely to be sent our way off the top of her head, and there will likely be more than that."

"But the sperm samples that Ajuka took…" Harry went to argue.

"Are an insurance policy, little more," Rias replied. "Having little incubi and succubi that way would be helpful for the species, but the noble families will want the political connections that could come from putting their daughters in our bed as well, and he did promise not to use what you gave him unless you died without children, something that I'm absolutely not having until after I've graduated, by the way."

"I asked for that because I didn't want a bunch of my children running around without me knowing about them," Harry sighed. "Wait, is polygamy even legal in the underworld?"

"It is," Rias replied. "It's not all that common, since noblemen usually keep harems to give them a better shot at having children anyway, but we're not exactly sticklers for the biblical definition of marriage, for obvious reasons."

"I suppose not," Harry chuckled before smiling at her. "If we got married, I wouldn't want it to be because of this."

"You know it wouldn't be," Rias whispered, tracing her hands softly along his horns. "When we met, you saved me from ending up stuck in a marriage I detested the idea of, one that I didn't choose and didn't want. If I were to propose to you, it would be because I chose to, and you know damn well how much I want you. Speaking of desires, I think we're probably keeping a pair of very beautiful women, who want nothing more than to submit to you and declare themselves your willing little fuck-pets, waiting."

"If this wasn't time sensitive, I'd keep them waiting them longer so I could fuck your brains out right here," Harry growled, and Rias gasped as he started kissing her neck.

"We...oh, fuck, need to stop," Rias moaned reluctantly. "Tomorrow, after class, I'll come back here and we can go out, just the two of us. There's this gorgeous little restaurant in Lilith that I think you'll quite enjoy."

"I owe all of you dates, now that I think about it," Harry chuckled, "but that does sound great."

"Excellent, then I'll make the arrangements," Rias smiled. "Now come, we have a ritual to get to."

She took his hand and led him a couple feet away from the bed before opening a teleportation circle. In a flash of crimson light, they were gone, reappearing in the Rookery. Looking around the ritual room, he saw that it was already set up like the ritual room in the Room of Requirement had been, with the circle set up and Akeno and Fleur already standing in their spots. Both of them lit up as they spotted him, and he rushed over.

"Harry," Akeno purred, sounding like she wanted nothing more than to get started, "I've been looking forward to this for weeks."

"I promise that I won't disappoint," Harry grinned.

"You haven't yet," Fleur purred.

"How did things go with your family?" Harry asked, and her smile faded a little.

"They were as surprised and unhappy as I expected," Fleur sighed. "They want to get to know you better and were hoping that you could make it for dinner some weekend."

"Of course," Harry replied. "It's high time that I spent time with them. Did anything else happen, though? You looked tense."

"Papa seemed to be a little under the weather," Fleur replied, "and I think Gabbie is hitting puberty."

"Oh?" Rias asked.

"When Veela reach that age, the first sign is always that they begin to notice the magic of powerful men," Fleur explained. "She hugged me and asked why I smelled so good because she was sensing Harry's essence on me."

"He usually puts his essence in you," Luna piped up, and Fleur grinned as Hermione rolled her eyes affectionately.

"I think it's time we began," Fleur grinned. "The moon is full and beautiful just now."

"Indeed," Akeno purred, and Harry pulled her in for a searing, hot kiss.

"Good girls know when to be patient, Akeno," he whispered, and she shivered.

"When have I ever claimed to be a good girl?" she asked, and he gave her a smoldering look that promised spankings in her near future, much to her delight, before taking his place in the circle.

"Alright," Fleur said, standing next to Akeno in the circle by the window, "so just in case any of us need a refresher from last time, we begin by feeding our magic into the ritual circle below, and then I conduct the binding and ask us to formally declare our intentions. Do either of you have any questions?"

"No," Harry and Akeno replied in unison, and Fleur smiled.

"Then we can begin," she replied, activating the ritual circle. Her control over her magic was already vastly improved now that she was a devil and she knew that the ritual was going to be simpler than it was the first time.

"How was your day?" Rias asked as she sat down with Luna and Hermione, watching the swirling vortex of magic spring up from the circle.

"It was okay," Luna replied. "What's a magical girl?"

"Who told you that term?" Rias asked, watching as red light sprung from Harry and Akeno's hands, while energy that looked like fire sprung from Fleur's.

"Agrippa was telling us about the Four Great Satans and mentioned what Lady Serafall does," Hermione replied.

"Oh, that makes sense," Rias chuckled. "Magical girl refers to a genre of Japanese manga and anime. Lady Serafall has written, produced, and starred in a live-action series of that nature for many years now. It's the most popular program in the Underworld."

"I'll have to check it out," Luna smiled, and Harry tried to ignore the spine-chilling sensation that he developed again, wanting to focus on the ritual.

"Harry, Akeno, do you both wish to form this Master-Servant Contract and thereby bind your souls together?" Fleur asked.

"I do," Akeno smiled, her purple eyes beaming with joy as she looked at Harry.

"I do," Harry nodded, feeling once again like this reminded, of marriage vows, something made all the more prevalent in his mind by his conversation with Rias.

"And 'Arry, do you wish to form this Master-Servant Contract and thereby bind our souls together? Fleur asked.

"I do," Harry vowed.

"I do as well," Fleur smiled.

"Take my hands," Fleur murmured, extending her arms towards them and shivering as Harry moved first to take it.

The first time they did this, Fleur had to learn the chant syllable by syllable, not speaking the strange language, which they'd since learned came from another world. They'd had to rely on Rias and Akeno's ability to speak in tongues, and so they'd translated out, what the characters meant into phonetic sounds in Roman characters. This time, though, Fleur could actually read and speak the language and so needed no such help.

Akeno joined in with the chanting when she gave her signal, and the ritual circle began to glow more brightly, becoming a blinding golden color. Their red and fiery orange energy blended together and enveloped Harry, who once again felt the warmth and joy that he knew at once came from his newly bound lovers. There was no mischievousness this time, as Fleur wasn't secretly messing with them, but there was even more lust. He heard Rias gasp as she felt new connections reach to Harry and put it out of his mind as she shivered on the sofa.

Fleur and Akeno finished the chant in unison, and the blonde turned to Harry once it was done.

"We know what to do in this next part," she grinned, her eyes darkening as a magic circle appeared on the back of his right hand.

Rias had skipped this part last time and was immediately hit with a punishment for doing so, and though neither of them objected to the kind of punishments that came with using Veela magic as the binder in this ritual, they were each eager to submit anyway. For Akeno, it was a simple matter of her finding a perfect dom she loved and adored.

A consummate switch, she liked dominating and submitting in equal measure, but most of her lovers were submissive, and while she loved it when Rias dominated her, there was something about submitting to a man that made her gush even more. Just thinking about their last sexual encounter would have been enough to make her ruin her panties if she were wearing any. He was so confident, so in control, and so damn rough, she lost herself in a haze of orgasmic bliss that still racked her body even after he stopped. She had to stop herself from drooling as she kissed his hand, wondering what kinky delights he might subject her to next.

For Fleur, it was even simpler. She loved him, adored him, and could barely look at him when he was hard without feeling the desire to beg him to ruin all of her holes. Her attraction to him had been extreme before he became an incubus, but since, she felt like she was on fire around him and would have been worried about how her mother was going to handle herself during their upcoming dinner if she wasn't so in love with her father. She was mostly convinced that the incident with his allure spiking as it had came from just how he was fucking Akeno at the time, so she wasn't too worried about that being a problem.

She stepped forward and kissed his hand as Akeno stepped back, gasping as she felt the sheer heat and lust at the core of his being.

"Oh, 'Arry," she breathed as the ritual ended. "You are extraordinary."

"He really is, isn't he?" Akeno grinned. "So much so that I think we should give him a little...show of our devotion."

"Oh, she's beautiful!" Luna exclaimed, looking down at the promotional image Rias had summoned to give the blonde an idea of what Serafall's show was like.

"She is," Rias chuckled, amused by her enthusiasm. "She's, as I've said, my best friend's older sister. Sona came by earlier to gawk at the Rookery."

"I think she's more than a little jealous," Akeno laughed as she sank to her knees and vanished Harry's clothes. "Mmm, such a gorgeous master I have."

"We have," Fleur purred, kneeling with her.

"Serve me," Harry commanded, and they both shivered, as did Rias. "Fuck."

He hissed as the pair of them moved in unison, peppering his length with wet, warm kisses. Placing his hands on their heads lovingly, he smirked when he saw their purplish-red collars flicker around their slender throats. They worshiped his cock together, nearly making out around his girth and when Fleur wrapped her lips around the head, Akeno pulled back and pouted.

"Fleur," she whined, and the Veela giggled around his length, making him groan.

"Wait your turn, Akeno," Harry instructed firmly, giving her a pointed look, and she grinned as she caught his meaning.

"No!" she exclaimed petulantly. "I don't want to...ahh!"

Her collar appeared around her throat, and she gasped at the sudden wave of all-consuming arousal that overtook her.

"Oh, fuck, this is amazing," she moaned, lying back as she took a moment to enjoy the sheer extent of her painful arousal.

"Not exactly the word I'd use to describe it, but it is intense," Rias chuckled, watching her first servant endure what she had multiple times by now.

She'd learned to avoid triggering punishments accidentally by now and was usually good with that. Part of the reason why she'd been looking forward to this was to get a chance to see what she'd only felt before, and she shuddered at the sheer look of desperation on Akeno's face. She had teased her queen for hours before, torturing her by bringing her to the edge of ecstasy again and again only to deny her, and she knew what the raven-haired woman looked like when she was desperate to cum.

"Akeno's never looked that desperate, though," she thought to herself, shuddering at the thought that what she'd endured was beyond anything she'd ever done to her very willing queen.

"Oh, fuck me, Harry," Akeno begged, rolling onto her belly and pushing her arse up towards him. "Please!"

"Luna," Hermione whimpered, and the blonde immediately moved to kiss her.

Rias looked over at the pair and chuckled, moving in and peppering Luna's neck with kisses. Harry watched the three of them start to make out frenziedly, turned on by the show he, Akeno, and Fleur were putting on, all while the former begged for his touch and the latter practically tried to inhale his cock, and thought once more that, for all the trouble he went through, he did still enjoy his life.

"That's not what good little servants call me if they want rewards," Harry teased, and Akeno mewled.

"I said before, Harry, I'm not a good girl," she breathed, reaching behind her and pulling her plump arse cheeks wide. "You can have either hole, be as rough as you want, I can take it, just please fuck me."

Fleur let his cock slip from her lips with an audible pop and glared at the dark-haired woman, hissing, "He's already made his choice. We all know Harry prefers me anyway."

Harry was about to say something about that when he saw a glint in her nearly black eyes and paused, grinning as her collar appeared a moment later. She cried out, her feathers coming in as arousal flooded her entire body. Akeno, realizing what happened, moved to rush towards him when he reached out and stopped her with a wave of his hand.

"You two already know what you need to do to make this stop," he rumbled, making both of them shiver. "If you're going to fight, then clearly I need to help you learn to get along again."

His magic blanketed over them, and the two were telekinetically moved towards each other, drawn as though they were magnets. Their clothes disappeared as they slid along the floor, moaning at how he was controlling them, and he noticed that Luna, Hermione, and Rias had all stripped naked too.

"Let's lie on our sides and form a triangle," Luna suggested. "I always love giving and receiving at the same time."

"That works for me," Hermione grinned as Rias moved into position.

Akeno lay on her back as Fleur slid onto her, their large breasts pressing into each other as Harry moved to line their dripping wet pussies up. He moved to them slowly, watching them squirm in torment, that they'd both chosen. Not only had they agreed to bind themselves to him like this, but each one knew what to say if they wanted to end the maddening arousal. He knew that Akeno was doing this deliberately, the kinky pain slut wanting to see how much fun she could have with the process, but Fleur was a bit of a surprise. Of course, Fleur had been surprising in a few ways since he became an incubus.

"'Arry, please!" she cried. "Fuck me like a whore. Make me your little Veela whore and ruin me for all other me…"

He cut her off by grabbing her throat, and he leaned in, whispering, "I already have."

"Fuck, I love when you're like this," Akeno whimpered, and if the way that Fleur shuddered in his grasp was any indication, so did she.

He plunged his cock into Akeno's pussy, sinking inside her to the hilt in one thrust, and she screamed in joy. She was wetter than he'd ever seen her, and he didn't need to wait at all, quickly working his way up to a bruising pace.

"Yes, yes, yes!" she shrieked, writhing in pleasure already as she felt herself soaring towards her peak.

He fucked her hard and fast, splitting her in half again and again as she shrieked and squealed for more. Fleur was drooling as she looked down at the sheer ecstasy on the face of the other woman, unable to do more than whimper as Harry continued to hold her throat, not tightly enough to stop her from speaking, but enough to remind her that she was there to submit to him. Akeno felt the pressure building inside her rapidly, sure that she was going to cum like a freight train soon enough, and just as her inner walls started to flutter around Harry's length, he pulled out of her and sank to the hilt inside Fleur.

"FUCK!" she squealed as he let her throat go and grabbed her hips, pounding into her hard.

"Neither one of you is going to cum until you call me master, and the one who holds out the longest will get my first load tonight," Harry grinned, and both women froze.

In the haze of the lust that the pact binding them brought on as punishment, their ability to understand things was somewhat limited, but they each knew exactly what sort of challenge he'd just put forth. This would be an endurance match to see who could take the terrible arousal the longest without breaking. It wouldn't be a matter of making one of them cum over and over again until she was too exhausted to fight on, like what Rias usually went through, but rather a matter of willpower. Akeno and Fleur both looked at each other, one of them a half-angel pain slut who reveled in this kind of kinky fun, and the other a creature of sex who most humans couldn't even hope to please. They each grinned and leaned in to kiss the other.

Harry laughed as he saw them make out, knowing that they'd each come to the conclusion that they couldn't call him master if their lips were occupied. He brought his hand down on Fleur's perfect ass hard, making her scream, and picked up his pace, his hips becoming a blur as he fucked her even harder. He looked over as he heard Hermione cry and saw that she was on her hands and knees with her head buried between Luna's thighs, while Rias fingered her. His eyes widened when he saw just how many fingers were inside her.

"Mmm, such a good girl with such a stretchy little pussy," Rias purred. "Do you think you can take the thumb?"

"I don't...oh fuck," Hermione moaned, her legs shaking.

"That was...great," Luna panted, clearly having cum while he was distracted. "I think...you can do it...Hermione."

"D...do it, oh fuck!" Hermione moaned loudly as Rias added her thumb and slowly worked most of her hand into her.

Looking over at Harry, she grinned and, turning back to Hermione, said, "You really must thank Harry. If he hadn't stretched you out with his giant cock so many times over the past few months, this would have been a lot harder."

"Th...thank you...oh, shit!" she screamed as she came, her legs shaking hard, something he figured they'd be doing for a while if Rias intended to keep fisting her.

He felt Fleur's inner walls starting to quiver around his cock and pulled out of her, switching back to Akeno, who cried out in joy. His stamina had been extraordinary when he was human, and as an incubus, it was only heightened. There was no risk of his cumming too soon, and even if he had, he could have kept going, so the pair of them had only one recourse if they wanted to cum. He kept switching back and forth between them each time the one he was fucking got close, occasionally looking over to enjoy the other threesome happening next to him, while the pair of them got more and more desperate.

"Pl...please...oh no!" Fleur wailed over an hour later as he pulled out of her again. "Master!"

Harry grinned and slipped back inside her, changing the angle of his thrusts slightly and hitting a spot deep inside her that he knew would make her go off like a rocket. She squealed in pleasure a second later as she came hard, squirting all over him and soaking the floor under them. He fucked her through her mind-melting orgasm, groaning in pleasure at the way her spasming walls massaged him, and saw Akeno give him a look of surrender that felt nearly as good as the blonde.

"Please fuck me, master," she whimpered, only to scream as he did so.

Fleur had gone utterly limp, drenched in sweat and shaking like a leaf on top of Akeno as she began to shudder and quiver in pleasure. She was right on the edge, as she had been for the last hour, and in mere moments she was squealing.

"MASTER!" she shrieked as she came hard.

"Fuck," Harry groaned as he came inside her, painting her inner walls white as he flooded her womb with cum.

He'd had to start using contraceptive spells to keep them from getting pregnant, something that wasn't all that new to him, as most of his lovers hadn't been devils before, but was definitely new to them. When their mutual orgasm finally ended, he pulled out of Akeno, and wrapped his arms around them both, cuddling the shaking, babbling women as they came down from their highs. He saw that their collars had disappeared and he smiled, hoping that they would end up getting stronger because of that as Rias thought they would.

"Harry?" Luna asked as she crawled over to him. "Rias and Hermione are sixty-nining. Could I ride your penis?"

Harry snorted at how innocent she managed to sound as she asked that and rolled onto his back, saying, "By all means."

"I can't wait until next month," she smiled, moaning as she sank down onto him in one smooth motion. "It'll be near enough to your birthday for me to consider becoming your servant an early birthday gift."

"So long as it's what you want, Luna," Harry replied softly, cupping her cheek, and she smiled.

"Please," Akeno scoffed, sounding exhausted. "She's nearly as into submitting to you as I am."

"She...oh wow, you feel amazing...has a point," Luna moaned.

"Speaking of your...fuck, right there...birthday," Rias moaned, lifting her head up from between Hermione's legs. "I found a book in the omnilibrary that gave me a great idea. It's a cookbook from Buckingham Palace. Apparently the queen of England has has the same cake every year on her birthday since she was a kid and we have the recipe."

"It must be good," Harry chuckled, and she smiled.

"Chocolate on chocolate with more chocolate," Rias replied. "I'll have the servants bake it if you like."

"Sounds great," Harry smiled, and Rias beamed at him before returning to eating Hermione out. "Maybe Luna's right, and this is what having family is like."

*****

"Ugh," Koneko groaned a while later as she woke up.

She was still getting used to the new house Rias had moved her and Kiba into, and not just because it was so weirdly shaped. It was nice, all in all, kept pleasantly warm, and quite large, being even larger on the inside than it was on the outside, and though it did come with a weird old man, even he seemed pretty tolerable, though he smelled oddly dog-like for a man who didn't own one. She'd successfully made a contract earlier, and arrived home just as her master and all of her lovers piled into the ritual room downstairs, including the big one.

"Ugh, what is wrong with me?" she whispered to herself, recalling how she'd reacted to seeing Harry the other day.

He just smelled so good, like power and sex. She could tell that he bathed and that she wasn't actually smelling the aftermath of his couplings on him, but there was something about him that made her brain tingle when she breathed around him. It hadn't been that way when they first met in his school, and she knew that she was actually smelling what he was, but it had completely stunned her, and she'd made a fool of herself in the aftermath. The worst part was that she didn't even get a chance to smooth things over since the others monopolized his time completely.

"Well, they are all going at it like cats in heat," she thought to herself, feeling uniquely qualified to make that comparison.

Shaking her head and realizing that she wasn't going to get back to sleep anytime soon, she got out of bed and went to get a drink of water when she noticed movement out of the corner of her eye and cast a quick spell to turn herself invisible. She might have thought that Sirius was tolerable, but she didn't want to have to deal with him, though she quickly remembered that he lived on a different floor of the tower and realized that it was actually the others.

"Shit," she thought to herself at the sheer wall of sex that washed over her as Harry flew towards his bedroom, levitating the others behind him.

They were all unconscious, clearly having been fucked into stupors, and Koneko clapped a hand over her mouth to hold in a moan at that, flying off in the other direction to put some distance between them. She could admit that he was a ridiculously good-looking man, but she found her overall reaction to him irritating.

"I'm not a damn animal," she thought to herself as he continued flying further. "I'm not like...her."

She shook her head and was about to return to her bedroom when, like a siren's call, she felt it. The ritual room utterly reeked of sex, probably covered in all manner of fluids not yet cleaned up. Even though the door was closed, she could still smell it, and it called to her, drawing her in like a mirage in the desert, though it was terribly real. She knew that she should turn around and go get her drink, or better yet, go crawl into bed and try to ignore the growing heat in her core, but she found herself flying towards it anyway. Opening the door, she slipped inside and moaned at what she found.

A blacklight would have revealed a mess that would make the average hotel room look sterilized, but one didn't need such a thing when one had a nekomara's sense of smell. It was everywhere: vaginal fluids, sweat, and pints of semen, and Koneko shuddered as she landed on the floor, sinking to her knees as her legs shook. She felt like she was on fire, her core churning with need like nothing she'd ever felt.

"Am I in heat?" she wondered to herself as she lowered her face towards the floor, her ass shaking of its own accord, as though her body was begging someone, anyone, to fuck it.

She huffed in the scent she found there and felt her pussy spasm, flooding her panties. This was what she was made for, this was her purpose: to bend over and be bred by the biggest, strongest, most virile…

"No!" she cried, flying up and out of the room as fast as she could.

She was up the stairs, in her room, and under her covers in seconds, willing the door shut behind her as she tried to calm her racing heart. Lying on her back, she pressed a hand between her legs, feeling how ruined her panties were through her nightgown, and whimpered.

"What the fuck?" she thought to herself, hiking up her gown and sliding a hand under her panties, peeling the fabric off of her skin.

She shoved her knuckles into her mouth to muffle her cry and hoped that a quick orgasm would be enough to get her head back on straight. Figuring out what exactly was wrong with her could come later, but first she needed to cum before she went nuts.

"Harry's fucking dangerous," she thought to herself, whimpering as she realized that that thought only added to her lust.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Brawlingbard, Markuz Black, Fridrich and 237 others
voivode_writer
Jul 8, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 33 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Jul 22, 2025
Add bookmark
#767
"This is so cool," Luna breathed as she watched another episode of Miracle Levia-tan.

"You may be powerful, you big ugly brute, but you're no match for a cute magical girl like me," Levia-tan smirked. "Take this!"

Hermione looked up and saw Serafall's character twirl her scepter around in a circle, bright light blue lights sparkling as she did. From the magic circle, a torrent of brutal frost magic barreled towards the skyscraper-sized monster, which looked a little like a vaguely humanoid swamp creature, freezing him solid. Luna watched, utterly transfixed, and the brunette resisted the urge to comment on it. The show seemed to be designed to appeal to children more than anything, and it wasn't something that appealed to her at all, but it was the first television program that Luna had ever seen, and she could tell that the blonde was likely going to watch it all if she could get her hands on it.

Smiling at the obvious, child-like enjoyment on her friend's face, Hermione looked back down at the book in her hands, and her face fell.

"All these centuries later, no one can truly say just how Diarmid Lynch created the house elves, and plenty have tried, without any success, to recreate his mysterious process," she read on. "The Lynch family holds sole possession of that secret to this day and holds a complete monopoly on the sale of them. As elves cannot procreate, the wizards and witches of the world have little choice but to turn to them when one of their elves grows old or otherwise dies."

"I can't believe that I didn't read more on them months ago," she thought to herself, embarrassed again by the zeal with which she sought to launch a movement that, in hindsight, would have gone nowhere.

She's been so terribly offended by the idea that the Wizarding World used slaves that she'd started plotting out how to bring the entire institution down before doing even the most basic research about them. It was unlike her, and she found herself irritated that she'd let her emotions get the better of her so.

"So what did you think?" Luna asked, shocking her out of her reverie, and she blinked up at her for a moment.

"It was interesting," Hermione replied neutrally. "I don't think it's really for me, but if you enjoy it, that's fine, and I'm sure that it will be easy enough to acquire the entire series."

"I love how she dresses in the show," Luna sighed. "She's utterly beautiful in general, but the short skirt, the tight leggings, that...almost vest thing that shows off her taut belly...I've never worn much that wasn't dull robes or my muggle clothes and only really ever expressed myself with my jewelry."

"If you wanted something like it, I'm sure I could help you transfigure something," Hermione suggested, and Luna beamed at her.

"Thanks, Hermione," the blonde sighed. "What are you reading?"

"A History of House Elves," Hermione replied. "There's so much about them that I never knew. When we next return to Earth, I'm going to have some questions for Dobby and Kreacher."

"Like what?" Luna asked.

"What their first memories are," Hermione replied. "According to Lord Zeoticus, and this book confirmed it, there's only one breeder of house elves in the entire world."

"Really?" Luna asked, surprised.

"Apparently," Hermione replied. "I can't imagine a single company, or in this case, family having a global monopoly on an industry."

"Well, it's not really global, per se," Luna replied. "Daddy said once that house elves weren't used in Africa or Asia."

"That's true," Hermione admitted. "The Lynches are Irish and initially only sold the elves to the local families. They branched off into Britain thereafter and only started selling them in mainland Europe in the twenties, but elves can be found in Australia, New Zealand, and the Americas as well because of their British ties. This book was quite useful about the elves themselves but had very little information about the family, other than the name of the wizard who first figured out how to make them."

"Maybe he kept a journal," Luna suggested, and Hermione smiled.

"Not everyone we want to learn more about is going to be an avid diarist," she chuckled. "We can't be that lucky."

"Alas," Harry sighed as he flew in, and Hermione's eyes widened as she saw just how drenched in sweat he was.

"If you sit down anywhere looking like that, Lady Venelana and Grayfia will kill you," she warned him as Luna flew up and wrapped her arms around his neck.

"Mmm, you're all warm," the blonde purred, moving to kiss him, and Harry tilted her head away.

"I stink," he warned her, and Luna just bit her lower lip.

"I don't mind," she purred. "How did your training go?"

"The Gremory guards don't hit as hard as Grayfia, but they're still pretty powerful," Harry replied. "I sparred with three of them, and they really put me through my paces."

"If you're able to do that, are they really powerful enough to be a challenge?" Hermione asked.

"It's not a question of power, it's a question of technique," Harry replied. "I've spent so long sparring with Rias and Akeno that I can punch pretty high above my weight in that regard, but one thing that Grayfia pointed out...hard, is that my fundamentals aren't the best. Voldemort focused on overwhelming strikes, seeking to incite fear in his enemies that he could wield as a weapon against them, and I learned a lot from him, but I can't rely on being stronger than virtually everyone around me anymore."

"Meaning you need a more varied approach to combat," Hermione surmised. "That makes sense, as does the fact that you didn't gain absolute combat mastery from Rias, given that she's our age."

"Yeah, so it means I'm going to have to spend a lot of days getting my ass kicked until I improve," Harry chuckled. "At least I could actually hold my own against them. Grayfia is terrifying."

"I'm glad you noticed," Grayfia drawled, and Harry stiffened immediately. "Know that if you sit on anything in this palace in your state, I will be most displeased. Where's the other maid?"

"Fleur's in France, looking after her little sister while her parents are on vacation," Harry replied, "and I was just about to go shower. Care to join me, you two?"

"As if you need to ask," Luna grinned.

"Sure, I could use a break from reading anyway," Hermione smiled, putting her book down.

"You get any answers about the elves?" Harry asked as they flew off.

"Some, though they raised even more questions," Hermione replied.

"I'll need to show you Miracle Levia-tan later," Luna grinned. "It's so good!"

*****

"So you dealt with our bugman problem only to be summoned away to England because your boyfriend's school was attacked?" Sona asked, seated across from Rias in her office in Kuoh Academy. "No wonder I haven't seen much of you lately."

"It's been a trying little while," Rias sighed. "How have things fared here?"

"Everything's been peaceful," Sona replied. "With this Elias figure dead, we don't have any more pressing issues, and the school's been orderly. With the year nearly done, everyone's a little antsy, but we haven't run into anything that we couldn't handle. What exactly happened in Britain?"

"Voldemort, the lunatic who tried to kill Harry as a baby, managed to lure the headmaster, the only magician there who would give either of us pause other than Harry himself, out of the school and then infiltrated it with dozens of his followers. Harry, Luna, and Hermione evacuated nearly everyone safely, and then the girls summoned me while he held Voldemort off. In the end, he died while Harry and the others lived, and I have four new members of my peerage."

"The evil pieces finally worked then?" Sona asked. "Did Lord Ajuka figure it out?"

"A while ago, though the solution only presented itself recently," Rias replied. "Voldemort had accidentally placed a piece of his soul in Harry's head when he tried to kill him all those years ago, and it was interfering with the evil pieces."

"A piece of...oh!" Sona exclaimed, her eyes going wide. "A horcrux had latched onto him, and, perhaps sensing in some way that the transformative process that the evil pieces would begin might expel it, it presented itself as the soul to be changed, resulting in the failure. Fascinating!"

"More or less what Lord Ajuka came to believe," Rias nodded. "The main issue ended up being how to get rid of it without killing Harry. Sirzechs worked on figuring out a way to use the Power of Destruction, but in the end Voldemort unwittingly did it himself."

"He hit Harry with something fatal, and the horcrux shielded him from it?" Sona guessed. "Perhaps I was wrong about it sensing the evil piece. Maybe it just served as a sort of shield on his soul unwittingly."

"Either way it worked, and I managed to turn him," Rias smiled. "It took four pawns but…"

"For a normal wizard?" Sona asked, and Rias froze. "That doesn't make any sense. Could he possess some sort of Sacred Gear that you didn't notice before, perhaps because of the horcrux?"

Rias considered her options for a moment, figuring that she could plead ignorance, make up some lie, or tell her the truth, and she quickly made her choice. Raising her hand, she created a barrier around the room that would destroy any sound waves that reached it, something she'd figured out how to do recently, and Sona cocked an eyebrow.

"What I'm about to tell you cannot leave this room," she said, and Sona nodded.

"What sort of secret are we talking about here?" she asked.

"My family knows, as does Lord Ajuka, and your sister might by now," Rias replied, and Sona stiffened at the mention of Serafall.

"Something deeply important then," she commented.

"When Lord Ajuka first ran his tests on Harry back in November, he detected some kind of devilish presence on him," Rias began. "It was very old and very faint, and he couldn't quite figure out who it belonged to, though it seemed a little familiar. He ran tests, and it took months for them to tell him what he wanted to know. It turns out that when Voldemort went after Harry back when he was a baby, his mother summoned a devil and sold her soul to him on the condition that he'd keep him safe."

"Who was it?" Sona asked, leaning inward.

"Rizevim Lucifer," Rias replied, and Sona winced.

"That's just about as bad as it could have been," she muttered. "I feel for your man, Rias. If it was anyone else, even the likes of Lord Zekram or another elder like him, that would be one thing, but Rizevim."

"There's more," Rias continued. "Rizevim used him as a sort of experiment, altering him in some profound, fundamental way, and we didn't discover it until I had already used the evil pieces."

"And this odd experiment is why he took four pawns?" Sona asked.

"Yes," Rias replied, steeling herself. "Harry's become an incubus."

"What?" Sona breathed, her jaw dropping. "That's not...how?"

"Not even Lord Ajuka knows," Rias replied. "He grew horns and a tail the moment the transformation was done. There can be no other explanation, and frankly, it explains a few things."

"Rias, this is...this is huge," Sona said, still sounding shocked. "You're not going to be able to keep it secret for long; you realize that, right?"

"I know," Rias sighed, "and I'm well aware of how massive this news is going to be when it spreads. My mother is already trying to get me to propose to him so I can cement my formal place with him."

"Oh, hell, I can already hear my parents now," Sona groaned.

"I'll teach him to play chess," Rias quipped, and the dark-haired girl glared at her.

"Well, not that you couldn't before, but you can certainly trust me to keep my mouth shut now," Sona muttered. "The longer we go without it coming out, the longer I'll get to enjoy the peace of not having my parents try to encourage me to screw your boyfriend."

"How bad do you think they'll be?" Rias asked, and she sighed.

"Not as bad as some will be," Sona replied, "and they know that I refuse to marry to have children until I've finished my education, but neither of them have ever bothered me about this sort of thing before, and I know damn well that they will."

"Should I be worried about Lady Serafall?" Rias asked, and Sona stilled.

"Whoever I either decide to date or our parents decide to encourage me to pursue will have to worry about her a little," she replied. "Serafall wouldn't hurt him, given how important he is to multiple people she cares about, but she will be as intense and insane as she always is."

"I meant outside of her feelings about you," Rias clarified, and Sona snorted.

"My sister has a very specific, very disturbing type," Sona replied, shuddering as she remembered the last time she and her parents visited Serafall's palace, having arrived a little earlier than they said they would.

"Such a good girl," Serafall had purred. "You took me right up to the wrist."

"Thank you, Oneesan, thank you!" one of her peerage had cried.

"I knew your sister only took in women willing to dress up as magical girls with her, but how is it disturbing?" Rias asked.

"She makes them refer to her as their big sister," Sona replied, swallowing thickly. "That's all I'm saying."

"I see," Rias replied, wondering what more there was to it but knowing better than to ask. "I guess Harry wouldn't be her type then."

"Nor she his," Sona replied. "Unless he's into being worn like a hand puppet."

"Thanks for listening. I think I needed to speak to someone outside my family and peerage about the last few days," Rias sighed, canceling her spell.

"Thanks for telling me, and, again, I'll keep my mouth shut," Sona replied. "Do you have any plans for today?"

"Harry and I are going on a date tonight," Rias replied. "I made reservations at The Waterfall."

"Really?" Sona asked. "Mother will be pleased."

"You've raved about it in the past, and I figured it would work well," Rias smiled.

"It's been one of the most popular restaurants in the capital since Mother first opened it about ten or so years ago," Sona replied. "I'd recommend the ostrich steak. I had that last time with a wild mushroom risotto, and it was delightful. They sear it in duck fat, cook it to your desired doneness, and then brush it generously with browned butter infused with garlic and rosemary. It's wonderful."

"That sounds incredible," Rias remarked. "I'll keep it in mind."

"Have fun, Rias," Sona smiled as she stood up. "After the past few days, it sounds like you two could both use it."

"You're not wrong," Rias muttered, disappearing in a crimson magic circle.

*****

"Wait, so this whole factory was built in days?" Harry asked as he, Hermione, and Luna hovered above Zeoticus' new project.

"Yes," Hermione replied. "I saw it mostly finished yesterday, and now it actually seems to be operational."

"According to Rias, her father once renovated a small, two-story house in Kuoh into a grand palace overnight," Luna replied. "She had specifically wanted to live in a smaller home and made him change it back, but the point is that devils can build things rapidly, and Lord Zeoticus seems to have a bit of a passion for architecture."

"Shall we get a closer look?" Hermione asked.

"Why not?" Harry shrugged, and the three of them descended.

"Halt!" one of the guards exclaimed. "Harry?"

"Hello, Carl," Harry nodded. "We were flying around and wanted to get a closer look."

"His lordship doesn't want anyone getting in yet," Carl replied, "and we have...wait, you're that brunette he brought in the other day."

"That's right," Hermione replied. "I take it the factory's fully operational now?"

"It is indeed," Zeoticus chuckled as he opened the door, having sensed their approach. "Come in, you three. You, Hermione, I think are going to quite like this."

He led them inside, and Harry took note of the odd design patterns on the wall. The interior had the same color scheme as the exterior, with dark stones broken up by fluorescent teal caulking being what every wall was made of.

"Kind of gloomy," Luna remarked, looking utterly out of place in the outfit she and Hermione had put together for her.

It looked a lot like Serafall's getup from her show, only in silver and blue, as she concluded that pink really didn't suit her too well. No one gave her a second glance, as it was hardly the strangest thing that anyone had worn around the castle in recent days, and Harry found it suited the blonde rather well.

"That seemed to be what the Atlanteans went for," Zeoticus replied. "Every book I've come across so far suggested that this color pattern was beloved across the isle for some reason, as were these odd, triangular doors. I must admit that I do like the strange locking feature of them, though, and with them being operated exclusively by magic, it should mean they need to be cleaned less often.

"How did the actual automatons turn out?" Hermione asked, and he smiled at her.

"See for yourself," Zeoticus replied, opening the final door before the main room, and Harry's eyebrows shot towards his hairline as he looked around.

It looked pretty much like any normal factory he'd seen on television, but what it had produced was anything but normal. At first glance, they looked almost like suits of armor, as they were made of metal and were distinctly humanoid, even if they were only three feet tall. As he looked more closely, though, he saw that they clearly weren't. For one thing, they appeared to be solid, but beyond that, the metal had this rough appearance that made it look almost like stone. Their short legs and arms might have made them look like not much of a threat, but they practically radiated magic, and as Harry drew close, one of them looked right at him, the empty eye sockets glowing blue for a moment as it observed him.

"Curious things," Zeoticus chuckled, levitating one of them up with a wave of his hand. "As you can see, they're meant to look like small, metal men with four limbs, a stocky torso, and a proportional metal head like this. I half-expected them to come out with distinct faces, but as you can see, the Atlanteans didn't care to add such artistic flair and so they look more like Corinthian helmets, albeit without the usual gap from the nose down."

"Why does the metal look so rough?" Harry asked.

"Look closely," Zeoticus replied. "I was surprised by that aspect of the diagram too until I examined it more carefully."

"Runes," Hermione breathed as she leaned in. "Every single ridge in the armor is covered in carefully carved, fully charged runes. There must be thousands of them."

"Hence the factory," Zeoticus pointed out. "These things must have been nightmarish to make by hand at first."

"How is that possible, though?" Luna asked. "I know that the reason our world tends not to have factories is because you need the specific magical touch of the witch or wizard to empower their creations. You couldn't mass-produce potions, for example."

"Atlantis sat upon an island utterly rich in magic," Zeoticus replied. "I haven't gotten to anything discussing the process they used to raise it yet, but for some reason it was as magical as the Underworld and that allowed them to do things that even modern communities who build their settlements on leyline convergence points can't."

"Interesting," Harry commented. "Have there been any attempts to find and explore the sunken ruins?"

"There have and none have ever been successful," Zeoticus replied. "We don't know if the Tyrant destroyed what was left of them after they sank, if some other powerful entity did, or if some natural disaster did the deed, but nothing has ever been found of the ruins. I had written off ever getting my hands on anything from Atlantis until I found out about the omnilibrary."

"My biggest hope from it was that we could rediscover and preserve ancient, long-lost knowledge," Hermione smiled. "That's what its creator had in mind anyway, though she died before she could make much use of it."

"Well, we will," Zeoticus replied. "I still haven't decided whether or not to market these at all and only created a half-dozen to experiment with. I have made some fascinating discoveries, though."

"Can they speak?" Harry asked.

"Well, number six, can you speak?" Zeoticus asked, and one of the automatons' eyes lit up blue again.

"I can speak," it replied simply, its voice hollow and metallic.

"They can also perform all manner of tasks," Zeoticus added, "but their most interesting feature is this."

As he finished speaking, he hit one of them square in the chest with a ball of purple energy that blasted it apart, sending bits of metal in every direction. Harry moved to conjure a shield for himself, Luna, and Hermione, but it proved to be unnecessary, as Zeoticus already had. All three of them tensed anyway, expecting the automatons to attack, but instead they simply flew around the room, collecting the pieces and bringing them back together. They all watched in amazement as they rebuilt their destroyed counterpart in less than thirty seconds.

"If I do sell them, it will be in pairs," Zeoticus remarked. "They're enchanted to automatically repair each other if any of them take any damage at all."

"I knew you'd be in here," Venelana sighed as she walked in, followed closely by Rias, who was wearing a stunning dark blue dress. "I hope this eyesore has turned out to be worthwhile."

"It's not that bad, dearest," Zeoticus chuckled. "You're looking lovely, Rias."

"You're beautiful," Harry smiled, flying over to her and changing into the suit they'd had tailored earlier that day with a wave of his hand.

"You two are going out, I take it," Zeoticus murmured.

"Mmhmm," Rias replied. "We're heading into town and dining at The Waterfall."

"Have fun, you two," Venelana smiled. "Zeoticus, I wanted to go over our plans for the Agares ball. Mini's already pulling her hair out, and it isn't for another three weeks."

"That's strange; she's usually so even-tempered," Zeoticus replied sarcastically, and Venelana hid her snort behind her hand. "Alright, everyone out."

"Of course," Hermione replied. "Have fun, you two."

"Yeah, have fun," Luna added, and the two of them flew off as Rias took Harry's hand.

"Ready?" she asked.

"Definitely," Harry replied, and the pair of them disappeared, reappearing in the middle of a lovely-looking park.

"I figured we could walk a bit first," Rias replied, and Harry smiled at her, lacing their fingers together.

"Sounds like a plan," he replied. "How was your day?"

"Quiet for the most part," Rias replied as they began walking. "My classes are all starting to wrap up, so the workload is a little high right now, but nothing too strenuous, and Kuoh's been utterly peaceful since I finished off Elias."

"How often do you end up dealing with strays like him?" Harry asked.

"Not that often," Rias replied. "I have had to kill two of them so far this year, but I might not see another for months. Most humans who are turned into devils adjust perfectly well, and if we actively avoid those who present obvious red flags, more often than not we end up fine. Sometimes things go poorly, though, and they have to be put down. In the rarest and most tragic cases, the newly turned devils end up killing their masters."

"How is that even possible?" Harry asked, furrowing his brow. "You said that devils didn't get pieces at all until they were considered high-class devils."

"Humans aren't the only beings that can be changed with them, as you know," Rias replied, "and even if the servant is significantly weaker than the master, it's always possible to get a lucky blow in."

"I suppose," Harry shrugged. "So tell me more about this place we're going to."

"It's called the Waterfall and it's owned by Sona's family," Rias replied.

"Really?" he asked. "I would have thought restaurant ownership was below nobles."

"Well, it's not like she operates it," Rias chuckled. "According to Sona, a restaurant that her mother was quite fond of was destroyed after two drunken devils got into a fight that got well out of hand. The owner was so heartbroken that he decided to move on to a new sort of project on Earth, and, irritated by the loss, Lady Salma commissioned the construction of a replacement and hired the old chef."

"Why not just hire him for her palace?" Harry asked.

"It was as much about the atmosphere as the food, and she liked dining out there," Rias replied. "It's been quite successful since, and Sona's tried to take me twice, but our plans got ruined each time."

"So long as you're there, I'm sure I'll have a wonderful time," Harry smiled, and Rias beamed up at him.

"Lady Rias," he heard someone whisper loudly, and a few nearby devils turned to look at them.

"Relax," Rias replied, feeling him tense. "I'm recognizable enough for things like that to be common. No one's going to try anything, knowing who I'm related to."

"I suppose that would be one hell of a deterrent, pun not intended," Harry remarked, and Rias giggled.

"Here we are," she said a moment later, and Harry's eyes widened as he looked up at the building she'd taken him to.

"I guess I don't need to ask why it's called that," he chuckled, and she smiled.

"I was hoping you wouldn't," she replied.

Floating above the restaurant was a large, jagged, dangerous-looking boulder, over which ran a significant river that seemed to be conjured out of nowhere. It ran down into the open roof, and he couldn't imagine what the waterfall looked like inside.

"Is that safe?" he asked.

"It's secure," Rias replied. "The water was conjured by Lady Salma, as water magic is House Sitri's forte, and it gets magically recycled into the river that runs across the boulder."

"She's a Sitri by more than marriage then, right?" Harry asked, and she nodded.

"She and Lord Geryn are cousins," Rias replied, leading him inside.

"Lady Rias," the maitre d nodded, recognizing her at once and summoning a waitress over with a snap of his fingers. "Welcome to The Waterfall. Your table is ready. Please follow Caitlyn here, and I hope you enjoy your evening."

"I'm sure we will," Rias replied.

"You know, I should have figured, given that you're nobility and your brother is practically king of this whole place, but I really didn't realize just how well-recognized you'd be," Harry chuckled. "It honestly reminds me of my first time in the magical world."

"What was that like?" Rias asked, smiling and nodding to their waitress as she brought them to their table.

"Terrifying, honestly," Harry chuckled, bringing out her chair for her and pushing her in once she'd sat down. "I was eleven years old, a tiny little thing, escorted by a man eleven and a half feet tall, and suddenly thrust into a world where everyone knew my name."

"As Lawrence said, my name is Caitlyn, and I'll be your server for this evening," Caitlyn smiled, handing them their menus. "Would you like to order anything right away, or would you like a moment to look these over?"

"We'll take a moment, thank you," Rias replied, and she nodded before leaving them alone. "So what do you think so far?"

"It's beautiful," Harry replied, looking around.

It was easily the fanciest restaurant that he'd ever been in. The floors were dark, made of some sort of hardwood he couldn't begin to guess about, and the walls were covered in panels that he thought might actually be amber. The banisters were all gilded, and the chairs that Rias and he were seated in were upholstered in some of the finest leather he'd ever felt, but for all the aspects of the room that screamed wealth, none held a candle to the central attraction. The waterfall poured down into a pool below that seemed to be made of quartz crystal, every drop of it vanishing as it hit the bottom and reappearing up top to form a seamless cycle.

"So you were telling me about your first time in the magical world," Rias prompted, and he looked back at her.

"It was more than a little overwhelming," Harry chuckled. "The way that everyone seemed to know me, the sheer oddness of it all, the goblins, it felt like a dream of some kind, one that I think I feared I would wake from for the first couple weeks that I spent at Hogwarts."

"Do you think you'll miss it?" Rias asked, looking concerned.

"I will," Harry admitted. "For all the challenges I went through in my time there, I did have plenty of happy memories, but I'll never miss it enough to regret my choice. I've known for a while that once I was free of Voldemort I was going to leave Britain to be with you."

"I love you," Rias said softly, and he pressed his lips against her knuckles.

"And I love you," he replied. "By the way, what currency are these prices in?"

The two of them had already discussed the fact that Rias would be paying for this, and while he'd objected strongly, she had insisted, so he hadn't given the fact that they probably wouldn't accept galleons or pounds much thought.

"Heinrich hasn't gone over that yet?" Rias asked. When he shook his head, she replied, "It's in Devil Drachmas."

"Drachmas?" Harry asked, furrowing his brow. "Why does that sound familiar?"

"Well, it's what the Greeks call their modern currency," Rias replied, "and it was what the Greek city-states called their currency in antiquity. We use the term for reasons I think are ridiculous."

"Have you had a chance to decide on anything yet?" Caitlyn asked.

"How would you feel about a bottle of red wine?" Rias asked. "House Paimon's winery is the finest in the Underworld and their eighty-six reserve is fantastic."

"Sounds good to me," Harry replied. "As for an appetizer, I've always been curious about Steak Tartare and its not like raw meat can kill me now."

"You're recently turned, I take it?" Caitlyn chuckled, and Harry nodded. "I was made a devil about twenty years ago now."

"I'll take the arugula and apple salad," Rias interrupted sharply, and Caitlyn stiffened slightly. "Sona recommended the ostrich steak so I'll take that medium rare."

"She'd know best," Harry chuckled. "The same for me."

"Choice of sides?" Caitlyn asked.

"Mashed potatoes works for me," Harry replied.

"The risotto," Rias replied.

"Alright," Caitlyn said, gathering their menus. "I'll be back in a moment with your wine, and the appetizers should be ready soon."

"Thank you," Harry smiled. As she left, he turned to Rias, and asked, "What was that about?"

"She was undressing you with her eyes," Rias huffed. "It's not something that I'd have objected to normally, but it's poor manners when a couple is clearly on a date."

"I didn't notice," Harry chuckled, taking her hand. "I suppose I was too distracted by you."

Rias' lips quirked upward at that. "Truth be told, she shouldn't have admitted what she is so readily."

"Why?" Harry asked.

"The evil pieces are supposed to be used for peerage purposes only," Rias replied, "given the scarcity of the crystals. Some of the wealthier houses do manage to procure extra pawn pieces at times for the purpose of creating more domestic servants."

"Really?" Harry asked.

"The Agares are the most notorious for it," Rias replied quietly, "but no one says anything because their territory is where the crystals come from."

"I don't think there's a single resource on Earth that is only found in one location," Harry commented. "I can't imagine how many devils have tried to search for other sources."

"Many have tried, and all have failed," Rias replied. "There could, theoretically, be some of them in the Fallen Angels' territory, since we haven't searched there, but otherwise, it seems like Agreas is it. I know that Lord Ajuka inquired with Hades centuries ago to see if there might be deposits in his territory."

"Speaking of Hades, you were telling me about the silliness of Drachmas," Harry said, changing the subject, and Rias chuckled just as Caitlyn arrived with the bottle and glasses.

She set them down and poured two small amounts of the wine before stepping back and letting Rias taste it.

"Perfect," she nodded, and the waitress smiled, pouring more of it.

"Your appetizers will be ready soon," she announced, noticing the people at another nearby table trying to get her attention. "Excuse me."

"Mmm, that is great," Harry commented as he took a sip.

"One of my favorites," Rias smiled, setting her glass down. "The reason we call our currency drachmas is that when Lucifer and the first generation of devils first came to the Underworld, Hades had already eked out a territory there and called his coinage by that name. He and Lucifer got into an argument about something, I honestly don't know what, and the Lightbringer decided to make his own coinage, a copy of the god's, only in gold rather than silver. So now, we have gold drachmas, and Hades has silver ones, and I think it is so stupid that we haven't changed this at all by now, but the traditionalists will hear nothing of it."

Harry chuckled at that and drank more of his wine as Caitlyn appeared with their appetizers.

"Here you are," she said warmly, handing them their small plates. "Enjoy."

"This I have had before," Rias sighed as she dug into her salad. "The mix of bitter arugula and sweeter apples pairs nicely while the vinaigrette and goat cheese sort of meld together to coat everything in salty, tangy goodness, and the almonds provide a nice crunch. If you want to try it, feel free."

"This seems pretty great too," Harry replied as he finished. "The beef is so tender you wouldn't think for a second that it was raw, and together with yoke, and whatever they added to it…"

"Capers, pickle, and shallot, it would seem," Rias commented. "It does look good."

"Here," Harry grinned, filling his fork and bringing it to her lips, earning himself a smile from her.

She happily accepted the mouthful and returned the favor with her salad, which turned out to be every bit as wonderful as she described. The two of them sat there in a comfortable silence, chewing and peering into each other's eyes. As Harry swallowed, he wiped his mouth with the napkin they'd provided and took another sip of his wine.

"Tell me something I don't know about you," he said softly, and Rias stilled, her fork hovering nearly, her mouth for a moment as she thought about what to say.

As she took another bite, she held out her hand and ensured that no sound would leave the barrier around their table.

"I'm afraid of camels," she admitted, her cheeks turning slightly pink in embarrassment, and he cocked an eyebrow.

"Camels?" Harry asked. "Any particular reason?"

"Their weird, lumpy bodies, their beady eyes, the fact that they spit at everything," Rias scowled, "how big they are, and how terrifyingly fast they can be. They run up to sixty-five kilometers an hour in bursts and weigh as much as two thousand pounds! They're like living cars."

"Oh, I had no idea," Harry replied, looking at her curiously. "Why do I get the sense that there's more to this, though? You seem oddly embarrassed by your fear."

"Camels have long been associated with the House of Gremory," Rias replied, sighing wearily. "Our progenitor, Runeas Gremory bred them as a hobby, and we've continued the tradition since. It was actually because of that that I developed my fear of them."

"Oh?" Harry asked.

"I was a young and spoiled heiress," Rias sighed, "and when my father took me to see the camels, one of them stumbled over something and fell. I laughed, and he took exception, running around me and kicking me in the leg. No one had ever struck me before, and I screamed like I was being murdered. I know it's stupid and something that I should have gotten over by now, but every time I look at one of them, I feel like my skin's about to crawl off of me."

"Hey, we all have our traumas, and they're nothing to scoff at or think less of us for," Harry insisted, placing a hand over hers comfortingly, and she smiled at him. "I'm amazed that I'm not scared of more, given how I grew up. I can't recall if I ever told you before, but my first experience with magic happened years before I learned I was a wizard."

"What happened?" Rias asked, refilling their glasses.

"My cousin and his friends used to love chasing me around and roughing me up when they caught me," Harry replied, scowling. "One time when they were being particularly awful, I ran away, and when I turned the corner out in the yard of our old school, I noticed that a big truck had been parked in my way. Cornered, I feared that they were going to beat me up, and the next thing I knew, I was on the roof. I'm amazed I didn't end up with a fear of heights because of it, as I was more than a little freaked out and utterly confused. My aunt and uncle ended up furious with me over it, which only confused me more."

"We really should do something about them," Rias nearly growled. "I cannot imagine treating a child the way they treated you."

Harry thought about it for a moment before replying, "They say that the best revenge is living well."

"A thoroughly human notion," Rias replied disapprovingly and he chuckled.

"I didn't mean it quite that way," Harry assured her. "I should introduce you to them sometime and make it clear just how well-off we really are. Dudley's eyes will fall out of his head if he gets a look at you, and Vernon's heart might give out when he realizes that he could have had a resource like me to call on if he'd not been such a cunt."

"Mmm, that could be fun," Rias smiled. "No more mentioning the c word now. I wouldn't want word of that particular weakness spreading, lest my future opponents in the Rating Games find out.

Harry nodded and she let sound escape their table again just as a visitor approached their table.

"Are our meals ready alread…" Harry went to ask, only to trail off as he realized that, rather than Caitlyn, their visitor was a tall, blonde man. He wore a fine suit and a sneer so pronounced it made him think of Malfoy. Harry was about to ask who he was when Rias hissed.

"What are you doing here?" she asked, and the man glared at her.

"Riser happened to be enjoying a quiet, pleasant evening in this fine establishment when he spotted someone he hadn't seen in a very long time," the man replied, and Harry snorted, earning a baleful glare from him.

"Wait, you seriously refer to yourself in the third person?" he chuckled. "I thought that was just a joke no one actually did."

"You...you dare make fun of a son of the House of Phenex?!" Riser growled. "Rias, is this gutter trash the human you sullied yourself with?"

"Don't you dare insult him," Rias hissed, standing up quickly and glaring murderously at him. "Harry is a member of my peerage and my…"

"I do hope you hurry up and finish building your peerage," Riser sneered. "Just imagine the fun we could all have if we met up in a formal Rating Game."

He snapped his fingers, and the last bite of Harry's steak tartare burned to a crisp in an instant. The incubus jumped to his feet, wondering just how far Riser was willing to take this. From the moment he'd approached them, he'd figured that it had been to trade insults with Rias, not actually fight her, given the political ramifications that would come from that. If it was a fight he wanted, though, the two of them would give him one.

"You three aren't about to cause trouble now, I hope," a new, childish voice piped up, and Harry watched Riser go white as a sheet and even Rias freeze.

"L...Lady Serafall," Riser stuttered, turning around to look at the short, dark-haired woman peering at them curiously.

Nothing about her expression suggested that she was angry at all, but Harry could feel a palpable chill emanating from her and spreading through the area, as though a wellspring of terrible power lay at her core, just waiting to be unleashed.

"My mother would be utterly heartbroken if history repeated itself in this place," Serafall continued, "and I tend to react...poorly to things that upset my mother."

"Riser was just leaving," Rias replied.

"Riser wa...yes," Riser replied, scowling at the pair of them one last time before returning to his table, where a tall, very buxom brunette looked like she'd been ready to join the fray until Serafall intervened.

"Thank you, Lady Serafall," Rias nodded as she sat down. "By the way, this is Harry Potter, my boyfriend. Harry, this is Lady Serafall Leviathan, one of the Four Great Satans."

"Hmm, you're taller than Sirzechs described," Serafall commented, looking him up and down, "and you have such lovely horns."

"What?" Harry asked, looking up to see that his horns were still hidden. He didn't really need to do so in the Underworld, but he'd gotten so used to keeping his horns and tail hidden that he did it almost constantly at this point.

"It's not so easy to hide things from me," Serafall giggled. "Word of advice, Rias, wait until the Phenexes have had a chance to get over their latest reason to be furious with you before you go out into the Underworld like this. I doubt you'd get hurt or anything, but none of us want your feud to escalate at all."

"You're probably right," Rias sighed, and Harry sat back down, ghosting his fingers over hers when a thought occurred to him.

"Lady Serafall, if its not too much trouble, could I possibly get an autograph?" he asked. "A friend of ours is a fan of your show."

"Of course," Serafall beamed, and he conjured a poster for Miracle Levia-tan that Rias had found lying around the castle and told him she planned to give to Luna. "Who should I make it out to?"

"Luna Lovegood," Rias replied. "She's another new member of my peerage."

"I heard about that," Serafall commented as she signed the poster. "You've gotten all your pawns?"

"That's right," Rias nodded. "I just have a rook, a knight, and a bishop to find and I'll have a full set."

"Good for you," Serafall replied, putting away her pen and rolling up the poster. As she handed it back to Harry, she looked him straight in the eye, and he froze as her pale blue eyes suddenly became icy. "Stay away from Sona."

He shivered as the words echoed in his head and was about to say something when Serafall backed away, looking just as bubbly as before.

"Enjoy the rest of your evening," she smiled. "I think your entrees have arrived."

She flew off back to her table, and Harry shoved the poster in his mokeskin pouch as Caitlyn set their plates in front of them and took their old ones.

"What happened here?" she asked, cocking an eyebrow at the bit of thoroughly blackened steak tartare that he had left.

"That bit was slightly overdone," Harry replied dryly before assuring her that the rest was great and she should think nothing of it.

"Did something happen with Serafall just there?" Rias asked as she cut into her ostrich and put the first slice in her mouth, moaning at the taste.

"I'll tell you after we finish here," Harry replied.

The rest of their date went more quietly, and, especially since Riser and his date left not long after their little confrontation, Harry and Rias were able to settle into a comfortable and peaceful evening. The food was every bit as extraordinary as the redhead had said it would be, and when the time came to pay the bill, Rias didn't even look at it before handing over her card.

"I can't believe you finished that entire piece of pie," she chuckled, as Harry ate the last bite and washed it down with the last of his wine.

"I did offer you as much of it as you liked," Harry chuckled and she smiled.

"I was already full, but if you're willing to let me have a taste, there's still a little left," Rias grinned, and before he could ask what she meant, she leaned in and licked just next to his mouth. "Delicious."

He pulled her in and kissed her deeply, feeling his cock stir in his pants at the eroticism of what she'd just done.

"Lady Rias?" Caitlyn piped up, interrupting them, and Rias pulled back in shock, looking up at the waitress in annoyance.

"What's the matter?" she asked.

"There seems to be an issue with your card," Caitlyn replied, sounding awkward. "It isn't working."

Rias furrowed her brow in confusion for a moment before huffing and rolling her eyes.

"Show me the bill again," she commanded, and Caitlyn handed it to her. She actually looked at it that time before reaching into her coin purse and counting out the coins she needed to pay for it. "Sorry about that."

"It's perfectly alright, my lady," Caitlyn replied. "Enjoy your evening."

"What was that?" Harry asked as they left the restaurant.

"Father must have canceled that card without telling me," Rias muttered.

"Why would he do that?" Harry asked.

"He bothers me from time to time about spending money as I do," Rias replied, sounding annoyed. "It's not like we can't afford it."

Harry looked at her in surprise before hooking her arm in his and kissing her cheek.

"I learned quite a bit about you tonight," he commented, and she cocked an eyebrow at him.

"Scare you off yet?" she asked, and he laughed.

"Not a chance," Harry replied as they continued walking. "Out of curiosity, is the entire underworld this into cobblestones?"

"Cars never really took off here because we can fly and teleport, so paved roads never became a thing either," Rias replied. "Cobblestone roads look better, I think you'd agree, but they're murder on the suspension of vehicles, as I understand."

"That makes sense," Harry nodded. "So, did you have anywhere else that you wanted us to go, or…"

She cut him off by pulling him down and kissing him again, and he quickly pressed her into the nearest wall, making her moan into his mouth.

"The only other place I want to take you tonight is my bedroom," Rias whispered in his ear, nibbling on the lobe. "Fleur's in France, Akeno has work she needs to catch up on in Kuoh, and Luna and Hermione agreed to give us a night to ourselves."

"It has been a while since it was just the two of us," Harry rumbled, and he smirked as he felt her nipples poke through her dress.

"Not since that night under the stars," Rias replied, gasping as he started trailing hot kisses along her neck.

Without another word, she conjured a magic circle around them and teleported them to her bedroom, giggling when Harry immediately undressed her with a wave of his hand.

"I understand why Riser is so upset," he grinned, picking up her left leg and ghosting his fingers over her calf. "I would be too if I'd been such a tool that I chased you away."

"He is a tool, but a powerful one," Rias said. "I didn't say anything back there because watching you mock him honestly made me soaking wet, but don't go out of your way to antagonize him like that again."

"How wet are we talking?" Harry asked, kissing her ankle and continuing his way down.

"Harry, I...ahh...I'm serious," Rias moaned, closing her thighs around his head just as he moved past her knees. "I don't think he'd be stupid enough to risk my brother's wrath, as even his vaunted immortality wouldn't protect him from Sirzechs, but he's an egotistical ass at the best of times and has quite the temper."

"I promise not to antagonize the fire chicken," Harry replied, and Rias laughed, opening her legs back up. "I was just thrown off by the whole 'speaking in the third person' thing."

"Yeah, I've never known what was up with that," Rias replied. "None of the other Phenexes do it. I think it might kind of be like me with the camels, where no one had ever dared raise their hand to me, so I did what I wanted, except I was eight years old and he's twenty-two."

"You think he's just done that for years and no one dared to point out that it sounded fucking moronic?" Harry laughed. "Oh, that makes it even funnier."

Rias giggled, only to gasp when he started kissing her thighs again.

"I swear every inch of you is perfect," Harry breathed, skipping over her pussy and peppering her mound with kisses. "I can't believe any of the guys at your school manage to pay attention to their lessons at all with you around."

"You think I'm that much of a distraction?" Rias asked teasingly, and Harry grinned up at her. "You managed to learn plenty with me this year."

"My life depended on it," Harry pointed out, "plus, my teacher had a pretty great reward system in place."

"I'm your teacher, am I?" Rias purred. "Maybe I should punish you for being so bad at the restaurant earli...ahh!"

She cried out as a red collar appeared on her neck and whimpered when her already wet pussy flooded. Harry sighed and spread her legs, having wanted to try something a little softer for them that night, but he figured he still could once he'd fucked the shit out of her.

"Maybe you should," he smirked, leaning in and inhaling the intoxicating scent of her arousal. "In fact, I can think of the perfect way to write lines."

He had read once, while looking over some of the more interesting books in the omnilibrary a suggestion that guys could try tracing letters over women's clits as they ate them out. Rias said it was silly and dismissed the idea entirely after he tried it out once but just because it didn't do much for her then didn't mean the same would be true with her this hyperaroused. He extended his long, dexterous tongue and started writing out 'I won't piss off the fire-chicken' on her again and again, making her writhe and scream.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," Rias chanted, clawing at the sheets on either side of her as Harry did his best to drive her insane.

"Fuck me, you taste good," Harry groaned, leaving her clit alone for a moment to lap up her fluids, which were streaming down to the bed below her, and he grinned as he saw her arsehole quivering. "You know, there's something that I have yet to try out down here."

He cast a quick cleaning charm on her and started swirling his tongue around her puckered hole, making her moan and reach behind her head, grabbing the headboard. It felt so bloody good generally, but in her current state, she couldn't shake the feeling that it was wrong. The pact that bound them was punishing her for daring to even joke about punishing him, and it wanted her to show submission. Having him eat her ass felt like a submissive act on his part, and she wailed when the maddening arousal in her grew even more intense. Just as she was about to beg him to stop, or even to give in and call him master already, she felt his tongue start to vibrate, and she shrieked.

"I won't piss off the fire-chicken," Harry hissed, staying utterly committed to the bit even as Rias convulsed on the bed, looking and sounding like she was being electrocuted.

"HARRY!" she squealed as she came.

The last time he'd done this, it hadn't made her cum, but he hadn't been using Parseltongue then and she also hadn't been in a state of master-servant contract-induced hyperarousal. Between the two, she found that not only could she cum from having her ass eaten, but she could cum hard. Wave after wave of orgasmic ecstasy washed over her, and her screams echoed through the room and beyond. It went on and on without end, locking her in a cycle of ever-intensifying pleasure for reasons that, if her mind wasn't utterly lost to her right then, she'd have quickly realized.

Because the magic of the pact considered what Harry was doing to be submissive on his part, her arousal continued to grow, and the more aroused she became, the better Harry's vibrating tongue felt. Her pussy gushed all over him, soaking his face, but he didn't care in the slightest, curious to see just how far he could take this. He didn't quite understand why she was reacting as she was, but he could sense just how much he'd lit her entire body aflame with pleasure, and he wasn't willing to stop anytime soon. It went on for seconds and then minutes, an unending orgasm that consumed her entirely, sweeping her up into a maelstrom of sensation so utterly powerful that she would have passed out if the contract had let her.

When she finally squirted outright, soaking Harry and the bed in her fluids, she had just enough sense left to know what she had to say. "Master."

It was barely a whimper, and yet Harry felt it as much as he heard it, even as he wiped his blurry eyes. The collar around her neck disappeared, and just as he was about to ask her teasingly if he enjoyed that, she began to sob.

"Rias?" he asked, instantly concerned as he climbed into the bed and wrapped his arms around her neck. "Are you okay?"

She wailed, full, chest-heaving sobs wracking her body, and he hugged her tightly, unsure of what to do. Kicking himself for clearly taking things too far, he held her to him and stroked her hair, whispering in her ear.

"It's okay, baby," he soothed, grazing his short nails over her scalp. "You're okay. I've got you. I love you, Rias."

Her crying slowly ended, and Harry breathed a sigh of relief at that, still caressing her tenderly and continuing to whisper sweet nothings in her ear. When her eyes fluttered open, they were utterly unfocused, and yet she smiled as she looked at him.

"Hey," he said softly, caressing her cheek. "Are you okay?"

"You're cute," Rias giggled, and he furrowed his brow in concern.

"You're pretty cute too," Harry replied. "Let's just take a peek inside her and see what we're dealing with."

"Okay," Rias sighed, sounding completely out of it as Harry used legilimency to look into her mind.

Floating was the first thing that he thought of to describe what he found. Her mind was foggy and nearly blank save for a distinct, euphoric floating feeling that consumed her completely. He'd never done drugs, but he had to wonder if this was what being high was what like and wondered how he managed to induce this in her just by making her cum.

"I think I went a little overboard," Harry muttered to himself, and Rias just smiled.

"That's okay," she replied, running her hands up his neck and into his hair. "Your hair's so long."

"You wanted me to grow it out, remember?" Harry asked, and she sighed happily.

"You're naked," she said as she noticed, and he chuckled.

"You were making a bit of a mess, so I took my suit off," Harry explained.

"I'm sorry," Rias whimpered, and he kissed her immediately, not wanting her to cry again.

"That's okay," Harry whispered. "If sex isn't messy, you're doing it wrong."

She laughed at that like it was the funniest thing she'd ever heard, and he quickly joined in. He lay down next to her, and she quickly rolled over, burying her face in the crook of his neck. His cock was throbbing painfully but he paid it no mind, utterly focused on making sure that Rias was okay. Tracing his fingers over her back, he leaned in and kissed her crown, earning himself a wide, beaming smile from her as she looked up at him.

"I love you," Rias sighed, kissing him softly. "I wish you were my husband."

"Okay," Harry replied immediately, and they both stilled.

Rias had had the better part of half an hour to leave the euphoric state he'd put her in by then, and so it wasn't too dramatic as that snapped her out of it, but she still felt shocked when she realized what they'd both just said.

"Um…" Rias went to ask, her blue eyes finally focusing on him again, and Harry smiled as he brushed her hair behind her ear.

"Welcome back, astronaut," he chuckled. When she looked at him in confusion, he added, "Because you were floating in space."

"Did I just propose to you?" Rias asked.

"Technically, you just said that you wished I was your husband instead of asking me to marry you," Harry replied. "That's why I said okay instead of yes. We did talk about it yesterday."

"That was...partly hypothetical," Rias spluttered, and Harry leaned in to kiss her forehead.

"Keyword being partly," he said. "I know where I want our relationship to go, Rias. When we get there and how we'll figure out as we go, but whether it happens in a year or in an hour, I want to marry you."

"You…" Rias trailed off, her eyes filling with tears as her heart felt like it was about to burst with joy. "Fuck it."

She kissed him passionately, not wanting to take the time to figure out how to express what she was feeling just then in words, and he returned the kiss hungrily, rolling her over and grinding his long, thick cock against her heated flesh. When he pulled back, the two of them just stared into each other's eyes for a moment, neither needing nor wanting words to convey what they felt in that moment.

"Will you marry me?" Rias whispered, not trusting her voice. "I'd get on my knees, but my legs are still shaking."

Harry laughed at that, feeling his own eye grow misty, and he said, "Yes. I know we're still so young, and I know we won't have been seeing each other for a year until November, but I also know that I love you and I want to spend the rest of our lives together."

She pulled him down to kiss him and used her magic to line up his cock with her dripping wet pussy. Thrusting inside, he buried his entire length inside her in one long, slow thrust, making her moan into his mouth. Her legs wrapped around him, and the two of them started to rock against each other in unison, partaking in a dance they knew the steps of all too well.

"We're...oh fuck, right there...not getting married in an hour, but I am almost tempted to ask my mother if she could set it up that quickly," Rias moaned, and Harry laughed, cupping one of her massive breasts and kneading the supple mound.

"Given how quickly your father can put up factories, that might not be impossible," Harry pointed out, and she stared at him like he was insane.

"Planning a wedding is far more complicated than building a factory," she replied. "We need to figure out the guest list and the décor. The venue's taken care of, but I need to get a dress and...ahh!"

He changed the angle of his thrusts slightly and hit a spot inside her that never failed to make her scream. Grabbing her hands, he pinned them above her head and picked up his pace slightly, hitting that spot each time he bottomed out inside her.

"Not in an hour then," he chuckled, kissing her before craning his head down to capture one of her pebbled pink nipples with his lips, grazing the hard peak with his teeth.

"Just like that," Rias moaned. "Fuck, I love your cock. Your suit should consist of nothing but a shirt, a vest, a blazer, and shoes."

He burst out laughing at that and she joined in, looking happier than he'd ever seen her.

"Wanting to show me off, are you?" Harry asked, and she grinned.

"I want every bitch in the Underworld who sneered at me when they learned that I'd taken a human to bed to get out of marrying Rizer to know exactly what a treasure I found," Rias replied. "Let them pant like dogs for it while we say our vows."

"Such a wicked creature you are, my love," Harry grinned, and she froze. "What?"

"My love?" she asked, smiling. "You've never called me that before."

"It seemed right," Harry shrugged. "Do you like it?"

"I love it, my love," Rias replied, kissing him again and rolling them over.

Pulling back, she brushed her hair back out of her face and grinned down at him as she started rolling her hips. He felt so impossibly good, and she squeezed her inner muscles around him each time she pulled up, wanting to milk his incredible cock. Harry groaned in pleasure, his eyes switching between her eyes and her bouncing breasts, and she giggled at that.

"I'm so glad you summoned me, Harry," Rias sighed, crying out as she managed to get him to hit that spot inside her again.

"Best decision I ever made," Harry replied happily.

The two of them made love for hours that night, pouring every bit of adoration and love they felt for each other into their every caress and kiss, not wanting it to ever end.

*****

"But zat's stupid," Gabrielle huffed the next day. "'Ow can ze word there mean so many different zings?"

"English isn't the simplest or most straightforward language ever devised," Fleur replied. "I'm surprised you wished to learn it at all. You aren't thinking of going to Hogwarts, are you?"

She wasn't surprised, and she knew the answer to that question damn well, but she wanted to get her sister to admit her reasons, and sure enough, the little girl blushed slightly as she asked it.

"Non," Gabrielle replied. "I saw enough of 'Ogwarts, and zere wouldn't even be...I just want to know 'ow to speak to 'Arry when 'e next comes over. You're dating an Englishman, and I want to know English for zat. You don't even speak it with an accent anymore."

"I spent much of the last year practicing," Fleur lied. "'Arry does speak French, though."

"I know zat now," Gabrielle muttered, "but even still, I'm sure 'e'll abbreviate that."

"Appreciate," Fleur corrected her, "and I'm sure he'll be touched. Are you looking forward to Beauxbatons?"

"Oui," Gabrielle replied. "You, Mama, and Papa have all made it sound so great. I'll miss all of this, though."

"Homesickness is normal, but you'll quickly come to love the palace as I did, Gabby," Fleur replied. "I promise."

"Thanks, Fleur," Gabrielle smiled. "You're always so kind and generous and giving…"

"What do you want?" Fleur asked, and her sister blushed again, looking down at her feet.

"I was reading through Grandmere's journals and…" Gabrielle went to say, and Fleur's eyes widened.

"You know you're not supposed to look through those until you're older!" she exclaimed.

"I know, but Mama left ze door to ze basement open ze other day, and I looked around," Gabrielle explained.

"That's not like her," Fleur murmured, furrowing her brow in concern.

"She's been distracted lately, and she won't say why," Gabrielle explained. "Anyway, I read one of her journals, and it was about ze early days of 'er marriage to Grandpere and 'ow Great-Aunt Eloise used to join zem in bed, and I…"

"Gabrielle…" Fleur sighed,pinching the bridge of her nose.

"I know I'm too young," Gabrielle cut her off, "but when I'm older, I was wondering if you wouldn't mind sharing 'Arry with me, at least a few times."

"Gabby, when I say you're too young, I don't just mean physically," Fleur explained. "You're about to embark on a whole new chapter of your life, one that's going to be exciting, wondrous, hard at times, but ultimately fulfilling. You'll meet people, make friends, develop crushes on boys…"

"I don't want some little boy," Gabrielle spat. "'Arry is so brave and strong, so tall and 'andsome. 'Ow could any silly boy compare to ze 'ero who saved me from zat lake?"

"Why, oh why, did our parents have to agree to involve her in that mess?" Fleur thought to herself as she pondered her sister's question. Turning her down outright would just piss her off and might provoke her to try something drastic and stupid. A Veela with her heart set on a man could be a very difficult creature to deal with at the best of times.

"Okay...listen to me," Fleur cautioned Gabrielle as she immediately cheered. "If you still want 'Arry in seven years, I…"

"Four years," Gabrielle cut her off.

"Gabby," Fleur scowled, and she returned the look.

"'Arry is only four years older zan me," Gabrielle huffed. "If 'e got to 'ave you at zat age and why should I not 'ave him zen?"

"Numerous reasons," Fleur thought to herself, barely resisting the urge to shake her head in frustration. "We'll revisit this in four years if you still want him, but Gabrielle, I caution you not to forgo dating entirely down the line because you remained fixated on 'Arry. You could miss out on the love of your life that way."

"I…" Gabrielle trailed off, clearly wanting to argue and yet thinking better of it. "Okay. I'm going to go feed ze ducks."

"Have fun," Fleur smiled, sighing in relief once her sister was out of earshot.

That conversation was something that she figured she wouldn't be having for a few years, and it had caught her off guard. She'd figured that Gabrielle would come to her eventually about Harry, both because of the lake incident and because of what her family still didn't know he was. Becoming an incubus had only made him more gorgeous, and the power that radiated off of him these days was like catnip to Veela. Her sister was going to want him, and she'd happily share him with her down the line, but she really didn't want to be stuck hearing, "can I fuck him yet?" every time she visited her family for the next few years.

She shook her head, putting all thoughts of the annoyingly precocious Veela out of her mind, and went to pick up the volume of Flamel's journal she'd been reading when the floo flared to life.

"Fleur?" Apolline asked in French, sounding frantic.

"Mama, what's wrong?" Fleur asked. "Gabrielle's out in the yard."

"It's your papa," Apolline replied. "He collapsed."

"What?!" Fleur exclaimed.

"I'm at the hospital," Apolline replied. "Fleur, it...it seems really serious."

"Stay in ze floo port, and I'll grab Gabrielle," Fleur said. "We're coming over."

She ran before her mother could reply, yelling for Gabrielle to come back inside as fear gripped her heart.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Aug 6, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Brawlingbard, Fridrich, dronmk2 and 229 others
voivode_writer
Jul 22, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 34 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Aug 5, 2025
Add bookmark
#774
"Are you okay, Koneko?" Rias asked. "You've seemed distant lately."

"That's because you smell like your boyfriend, whom I'm desperately trying not to want to fuck," Koneko thought to herself. "I'm good. Just busy with the end-of-the-year stuff."

"Oh, okay," Rias nodded.

"Why did you call us all here?" Kiba asked, curious.

"I'm a little curious about that myself," Hermione murmured.

"Does it have anything to do with how utterly jubilant you seem?" Luna asked.

"I take it date night with Harry went well," Akeno added.

"It did, and it does," Rias replied. "I was going to wait for Fleur, but it seems that she isn't coming for some reason."

"That's...weird," Luna muttered. "If there was something wrong with her, would you know?"

"Harry would know because of their bond," Rias replied, and Luna nodded, feeling better. "Harry and I went out in the Underworld last night. We had a fantastic evening and an even better night, and in the midst of it...we agreed to get married."

"What?" Hermione, Luna, and Akeno asked in unison before rushing over to hug her excitedly.

"Correction, it's because you smell like your fiance, whom I'm desperately trying not to want to fuck," Koneko thought to herself, cursing inwardly as she realized just how serious things really were between Rias and Harry.

"Congratulations," Kiba smiled. "I have to ask, though...aren't you a bit young? Especially since devils live so much longer than humans."

"It's normal for noble devils to get married while young," Rias replied. "If not for Harry, my wedding to Riser probably would have happened not long from now."

"A husband of your choice," Akeno smiled. "I'm so happy for you, Rias."

"You've made Harry happier than he's ever been in his life," Hermione added. "I can't imagine how differently all of our lives would have gone if not for him summoning you."

"We will still be allowed to sleep with him when he's your husband, right?" Luna asked, and Rias burst out laughing.

"Half the reason I even started thinking about marriage already was because he's likely to end up with a far greater harem now," Rias replied. When Hermione and Luna both looked confused, she added, "Harry's an incubus, and that means that every noble family in the underworld is going to want to give him one of their daughters to ensure that they end up with fertile descendants. My mother suggested that I marry him sooner rather than later because my status as his wife will keep them from trying to lure him away from me, not that I think they'd succeed, of course."

"Could he not just turn them all down?" Kiba asked.

"He could, but it would be more advantageous to us all if he didn't," Rias replied. "With ties to most of the pillar houses, he'll end up with a great deal of political power."

"Plus, orgies are fun," Luna added, and Kiba blushed, looking away from the other blonde.

"Well, again, congratulations," he nodded.

"Rias, you said you wanted a word?" Sirius asked as he walked in and looked around. "Did something happen? And where's Harry?"

"He's speaking with my mother at the moment," Rias replied, hoping that that was going well, "and as for what's happened, well…"

*****

"As you can see, the Gremory holdings are vast," Venelana smiled as she hovered high in the air, maintaining the bright blue magical barrier she had cast around the border of their territory.

It wouldn't keep anyone out or anything, being purely to demonstrate to Harry how far it stretched, and he marveled at the sheer extent of their holdings, barely being able to see it all even from thousands of feet in the air. It looked like a proper old-school duchy, a medieval fief in keeping with the nature of the Underworld as he'd come to understand it, and he was surprised as he looked around by just how little had actually been built on it.

"How wealthy are the Gremorys compared to the other Pillar Houses?" Harry asked.

"We're one of the wealthier houses," Venelana replied. "We're not at the top of that list, of course, as the Agareses and the Phenexes compete regularly for that title, but we're in the top five. When I first married Zeoticus, the Gremorys weren't as wealthy as the Baels, and they still aren't quite, but while there were four other houses between us then, we stand just behind them now."

"The Baels are one of the most powerful houses, I imagine," Harry commented, "given the Power of Destruction."

"We are," Venelana replied, "though that power isn't the only reason. We are one of the few Pillar Houses who can still say that our founder lives."

"Really?" Harry asked.

"Lord Zekram," Venelana replied, smiling wistfully. "He is my oldest living ancestor and the most powerful member of the Elder Council. His influence is immense, and though he gave up the title of Lord Bael long ago, he has continued to advise his successors and still advises my brother today."

"Why did he give up the title?" Harry asked.

"We are immensely long-lived beings," Venelana replied, "and because of our poor fertility, we haven't completely overrun this world, but we do still have children, and every parent with any legacy worth giving wishes to be succeeded by their children. Lord Zekram could have clung to his title and power for millennia, but doing so would have risked breeding resentment in his son. The Elder Council is composed entirely of aged lords who stepped down and let their children succeed them peacefully."

"I suppose it lets them continue to wield power without ending up at odds with their kids," Harry surmised, and Venelana smiled.

"Precisely," she nodded. "I brought you up here and showed you all this to give you a sense of the scope of what Rias will someday inherit. She will be the head of House Gremory, and as her husband, you will be her consort."

"I swear, I'll learn whatever I have to to help her with that," Harry vowed. "I'm technically nobility as well, though I never bothered learning about just what that would have entailed."

"You seem to have been a boy adrift before my daughter found you," Venelana mused, flying closer to him.

"Floating through life and hoping not to drown sums it up distressingly well to be honest," Harry muttered, and Venelana smiled unusually warmly.

"You wouldn't be the first person to avoid putting effort into life until its exigencies forced you," she said softly, "and look what you managed once you did. I've said it before, but when I first saw you, I thought you were little more than a cute distraction for Rias, as well as a tool to free herself from Riser Phenex. Look at you now."

"Barring something tragic happening, how long would you expect it to be before Rias becomes head of the house?" Harry asked.

"Oh, a couple centuries at least," Venelana replied. "Zeoticus' mother, Chysis, only stepped down about five hundred years ago now."

"Wait, was she still the head of the family when Sirzechs blew up this castle?" Harry asked, and she chuckled.

"She was," Venelana replied. "This wasn't the main keep of the family then, and we moved into it just after we married. Chysis still lives in her old keep now, as what we built here after Sirzechs' renovations was far grander. You can see it off to the east there, on that verdant hill just south of the waterfall."

Harry looked around for a moment before finding what she was talking about.

"She's also on the Elder Council," Venelana added.

"Is she the oldest living Gremory?" Harry asked, surprised.

"No, but there aren't many of them left," Venelana replied. "The war has been costly over the ages, and even those who didn't die fighting the angels run the risk of accidents or ending up in other sorts of fatal fights. Beyond that, there is Sleeping Disease."

"I'm sorry, what?" Harry asked, confused.

"It's an ailment that can afflict us," Venelana replied. "Those who suffer it find themselves increasingly tired and weary in the first few years and eventually fall into a coma from which they never wake."

"That's...horrifying," Harry replied. "Is there no cure?"

"None has ever been found," Venelana replied, "though many have tried. My brother's first wife has it and has already succumbed to the coma. She'll linger for a while, decades even, but eventually she will wither away."

"I wonder if the Stone could help with it," Harry thought to himself. "What about the first Gremory, Runeas?"

"Where did you hear that name?" Venelana asked, surprised.

"Rias mentioned her last night," Harry replied. "We had the whole camel conversation."

"Oh, yes," Venelana muttered. "Lady Runeas is still around, or at least we've had no proof of her death. She doesn't advertise her continued existence and has no interest in the Elder Council, but she's popped in repeatedly over the centuries."

She seemed less than fond of the progenitor of her husband's line, and Harry contemplated asking about it before deciding not to. He didn't know her that well and wasn't about to pry.

"Getting back on topic, as you and my daughter are now engaged, your lessons will include more about the day-to-day operations of noble houses," Venelana said. "The power will rest with Rias, of course, but as her husband, you will have your own role to play. The wedding will take place here, and I'm thinking that the end of August would be ideal. That way it won't interfere with yours and her return to Kuoh for the next year at the academy."

"Wait, this August?" Harry asked, and she laughed.

"You've seen how much more quickly things can be done here," Venelana replied. "I'll handle the preparations, though if you have any suggestions, I'd happily take them."

"Rias and I will discuss it later," Harry replied. "Thank you for…"

He trailed off and grunted as a sudden wave of fear gripped him. Something like that had struck early that morning, but it passed quickly, and he wrote it off as a figment of his imagination. This was much stronger, much clearer, and he knew at once where it came from.

"Is something wrong?" Venelana asked.

"Fleur is terrified right now," Harry replied. "I can feel her across our bond."

"Do you think she's in danger?" Venelana asked.

"No, it doesn't feel quite like that, but there is a bone-deep dread," Harry replied. "I need to go."

"Of course," Venelana replied. "I'll inform Rias."

"Thank you," Harry nodded before focusing in on Fleur's location.

She was somewhere in southern France, from what he could tell, and while he wouldn't have been able to apparate to her, given that one needed a clear image of their intended destination to do that, devil teleportation worked differently. All devil magic was based purely on manifesting intent and was generally simpler to work with than what he'd used before. Opening a teleportation circle around him, he focused again on Fleur and disappeared.

*****

"Maman?" Fleur asked in French, wrapping her arms around her mother the moment she spotted her. "What happened?"

"Is Papa okay?" Gabrielle asked.

"We were just walking on the beach when he fell," Apolline replied. "It's possible that he simply got too much sun. Your papa's forehead is a little bigger than it used to be, so he has less shade."

Fleur looked at her mother in concern, recognizing her 'I'm lying for your own good' voice.

"Has he seen a healer?" she asked.

"He has, and he's in a room down the hall from here," Apolline replied, flicking her wand into her hand, "though the nurses are in with him at the moment."

She cast a silent jinx on Gabrielle, who jolted.

"Pardon, where is the restroom?" she asked.

"Just around that corner there," Apolline replied.

"Did you just…" Fleur went to ask once Gabrielle was out of earshot.

"A simple bladder-filling jinx," Apolline replied. "I didn't want your sister to hear this."

"What actually happened?" Fleur asked, feeling a growing sense of dread as she saw just how worried her mother was.

"It was like I said," Apolline replied. "Yesterday was lovely, and he seemed perfectly fine, like his usual self. We woke early and decided to take a leisurely stroll along the beach when he collapsed. By the time I managed to get him here, he was already so pale."

"What's wrong with him?" Fleur asked. "He said that his healer didn't find anything."

"His healer actually flooed here when the hospital reached out to him," Apolline replied. "They think that he might have been cursed."

"Cursed, how?" Fleur asked. "Papa hasn't been in a fight in ages. He has people for that."

As the head of the French Department of Magical Law Enforcement, her father commanded their auror force, their hitwizard squads, and their prosecutors. He had enjoyed an illustrious career as an auror, becoming Head Auror in his mid-thirties and then ascending to his current position around the time Fleur started at Beauxbatons.

"They don't think it was that kind of curse," Apolline replied, "and they also have no idea how long it had been lurking inside him."

"Papa taught me to purge all external connections, even though magical schools all do that for those who stay anyway," Fleur pointed out. "I cannot imagine him being careless enough to neglect that."

"Like I say, we do not know," Apolline replied.

"Well, I want answers," Fleur muttered, marching down the hallway.

"Fleur!" Apolline exclaimed as Gabrielle rejoined her.

She passed by three doors before finding her father, and her heart leapt into her throat as she did so. He looked so pale, his normally tanned skin taking on an almost greyish tinge, and his usually bright blue eyes looking listless, though they focused a little as he spotted her.

"Little angel," he struggled to get out before his eye fluttered shut and the room started to blare with warning charms.

"Papa!" Fleur exclaimed, her eyes filling with tears as she realized what was happening.

She rushed forward, but the door closed, the healers getting to work to keep him from dying.

"Oh, no," Apolline wept.

"What?" Gabrielle asked, turning pale with fear. "P...Papa's okay. Tell me Papa's okay!"

"Fleur?" Harry asked, coming from around the corner, and she didn't even bother asking how he'd found her, rushing into his arms immediately. "What's going on?"

He saw Gabrielle crying in Apolline's arms and held his girlfriend, looking to the door just as the loud alarm he'd been hearing since he turned the corner stopped and the door quickly opened.

"Madam Delacour?" a short, blonde man asked.

"Healer DuPont...is he..." Apolline went to ask.

"Your husband is alive," the healer replied.

"What happened?" Fleur asked. "That alarm…"

"His heart briefly stopped, but we were able to get it beating again," Healer DuPont replied. "You're his daughter?"

"I am," Fleur replied.

"Apolline," another, taller man, with a bald head and a white mustache, said as he left the room.

"You said he was fine!" Apolline growled.

"Healer Allain had every reason to think so," Healer DuPont replied. "What's afflicting your husband is a subtle thing, one that develops very gradually. I have alerted the aurors and expect them to be here within the next twenty minutes."

"Try one," Healer Allain muttered. "You know who that man is. Apolline, I am so sorry, but your husband is suffering from a wasting curse."

"What sort of wasting curse?" Harry asked.

"I'm sorry, who are you?" Healer Allain asked.

"Harry Potter," Harry replied. "Was he struck with the withering curse, or do you suspect this was a blood curse of some sort? How long has he been suffering the symptoms?"

"Months," Apolline replied before anyone else could.

"A blood curse then," Harry muttered, pinching his nose. "What specific symptoms has he been exhibiting? There are all manner of curses one can put on a person whose blood you have a sample of."

"You're oddly knowledgeable about dark magic for someone your age," a new voice sounded, and Harry turned to see a short, dark-haired woman with angry-looking dark eyes glaring up at him suspiciously.

She was oddly pretty, with some of the sharpest cheekbones he'd ever seen, but her scowl was marring it somewhat.

"As I told the healers, I'm Harry Potter," Harry replied. "I had a dark lord after my blood for years before I managed to put him down. Such things necessitate research."

"The Englishman?" the woman asked. "I would have taken you for a Parisian with that accent."

"I have somewhat of a talent for languages," Harry replied. "To whom am I speaking?"

"Auror Elodie Balzac," the woman replied, and Harry fully credited the dire situation with letting him keep a straight face.

"I've seen you before," Apolline nodded.

"Madam Delacour," Elodie replied. "I'm so sorry. Is the director awake?"

"No, we had to sedate him," Healer DuPont replied. "Monsieur Potter is correct; Director Delacour must be suffering from some sort of blood curse. It's the only thing that would explain the incredibly gradual symptoms."

"Is he going to be okay?" Gabrielle asked desperately.

"He is in the best hands he could be, my dear," Healer DuPont replied, "and we are going to do everything we can to help him."

"Please save him," Gabrielle begged, and Apolline hugged her again.

"Fleur, could you take Gabrielle home?" Apolline asked. "I will reach out to you when we have news."

"No!" Gabrielle exclaimed.

"Actually, Madam Delacour, you might want to take her back," Harry replied. "Auror...Balzac here is going to need access to your husband's study, your bedroom, and anywhere else where there might be some kind of clue as to how his blood was taken. Given what he does for a living, I can't imagine that he didn't purge all external connections weekly, if not daily."

"He did," Apolline nodded.

"Then, Monsieur Potter is right, and I'm going to need to get a team of people there to look through his things," Elodie nodded. "A cursed object of some kind could explain how the perpetrator managed this."

"Alright, then come along," Apolline sighed. "Fleur?"

"I'll stay here with Harry and tell you if there are any developments," Fleur replied.

"I want to stay!" Gabrielle hissed.

"Gabrielle," Apolline said firmly, and the girl scowled at her and hung her head.

"Please help him," Fleur begged as soon as her mother, sister, and the auror were gone and Harry sighed.

"I'll do all that I can, but Fleur, these kinds of curses are the worst of the worst save for the Unforgivables," Harry replied. "It doesn't help that the knowledge I possess is entirely focused on how to implement them rather than cure them. Narrowing things down could help, though. What symptoms has he shown so far?"

"According to Mama, it started with him being more tired than normal," Fleur replied. "It was subtle at first, but started getting worse, and it didn't matter how much sleep he got. He blamed it on stress from work at first but went to see a healer days ago because it seemed to be getting worse. Mama insisted on them having a vacation, and after a day of seeming perfectly well, they took a stroll on the beach, and he collapsed."

"Well, that definitely describes a wasting curse," Harry mused. "Unfortunately there are many of that sort, and the treatments are all different."

"So the healers will be running tests to narrow it down," Fleur sighed.

"They will, though I have no idea if they're going to use the most basic one they can," Harry muttered. When she looked confused, he cast a silencing charm around them and added, "The first step in almost all such blood curses is to steep the blood of your victim in a mixture of belladonna, aconite, hemlock, and tormentil, filling it with the poison of them before getting to work weaving the actual curse into it. If one wishes to layer blood curses on a victim, though, you need to work from least deadly to most, because you have to draw new blood samples each time, and every curse you bestow on them makes their blood a little more caustic to the plants. This means that you can use the blood of a curse victim in this step and thereby determine how severe the curse is."

"Why would they not do that, then?" Fleur asked.

"They might," Harry replied. "I have no idea how the laws regarding that work here, but in Britain, because that steeping process is the first step in so many curses, the act is punishable by a year in Azkaban, and healers can't do it."

"That...that's moronic!" Fleur exclaimed, furious. "That just stops good people from helping others, since the criminals are committing much worse crimes and thus clearly don't care."

"You spent the better part of a year in Magical Britain; did it seem like a particularly logical place?" Harry asked, earning a scowl from the blonde, whose hand he took in his own. "The many stupid regulations are part of why Voldemort never tried to get into politics and take power legitimately, as he became convinced that the ministry was so hopelessly feckless that only by striking it down entirely could he ever hope to accomplish anything. The rest of it was because he was a bloodthirsty psychopath with poor impulse control."

"Could you do it?" Fleur asked.

"Of course," Harry replied. "I was going to ask you to distract the healers while I sneak in and extract some of his blood."

"That I can do," Fleur replied. "How did you find me, anyway?"

"The bond," Harry replied. "I could sense your fear and dread, and I'll always know where you are because of it, so I came right over."

"I love you," Fleur smiled, though it didn't quite reach her fearful eyes.

"I love you too," Harry replied, kissing her softly. "Now, go distract a pair of old men for me."

"The blonde one isn't that old, though he's too short for me," Fleur replied as he looked around to make sure no one was looking at them before disillusioning himself.

"...kick myself for not seeing it when he visited," Healer Allain muttered as he waved his wand over Sebastian's sleeping form.

"I didn't defend you just now purely out of professional courtesy," Healer DuPont sighed. "Things like this can be impo...Miss Delacour, I'm going to need you to wait outside."

"I just wanted to ask if there was anything else you could tell me about this curse," Fleur replied breathily, flashing her allure and getting both of their attention.

"You could ask the Englishman out there," Healer Allain replied. "He seemed quite knowledgeable."

"He is, but he's not a healer," Fleur purred, stepping closer. "You two studied for years; you are experts in this sort of thing, and I've always been one to turn to men with...experience when I have need."

Healer Allain tensed slightly while DuPont couldn't keep the smile off of his face. Harry would have thought them fools for getting so distracted while they had a patient to look after, but Fleur was sex on legs without her allure and almost impossible to ignore with it. Slipping inside, he conjured a small vial and pricked a vein in Sebastian's left bicep with the point of his tail, magically transferring every drop of blood it touched into it before sealing the wound.

"...so there are multiple things that it could be, but we will know more by the end of the day, I assure you," Healer DuPont said as Harry brushed his hand against hers.

"Oh, then I'll leave you to it," Fleur smiled, turning and leaving quickly.

"Wait, what?" Healer DuPont asked, going to follow her before Allain grabbed him.

"Focus on the task at hand," he hissed. "That was just her allure."

"Her…" Healer DuPont went to reply, shaking his head and staring after her in confusion. "Why would she try to distract us as we work to save her father?"

"I suspect her interest in his condition was genuine, but that would be the only genuine interest," Healer Allain replied, and DuPont shook his head again, turning back to his patient.

*****

"Alright, now it will take me a little while to put everything together, but we'll…" Harry went to say as he and Fleur appeared in the Rookery.

"Fleur, did Harry tell you the good news?" Luna beamed as she flew in, coming to a halt once she saw how awful the Veela looked. "What's wrong?"

"What news?" Fleur asked, looking at Harry, who couldn't help but wince.

"Rias and I are engaged," he replied, and her eyes went wide as saucers.

"Oh, well, congratulations," Fleur replied as Luna flew up and wrapped her arms around her neck.

"Talk to me," she said softly, her silver eyes full of concern, and Fleur choked out a sob.

"What's wrong?" Rias asked as she walked in.

After gathering the rest of the peerage and Sirius together, Harry told them what was going on, all while Fleur tried to compose herself and Luna held her.

"Merlin, I'm so sorry, Fleur," Sirius sighed. "I knew of Sebastian Delacour by reputation back during the first war. I can't imagine how whoever did this managed to get the drop on him."

"How exactly do blood curses work?" Hermione asked. "It's one area of magic I never studied."

"They're called blood curses because blood is the most common medium used to cast them, but essentially, you carefully prepare a sample of your victim for the application of the curse, and once that's done, you can hit them from anywhere on Earth, or probably even further," Harry replied as he carefully bound the bouquet of herbs together with bicorn hair. "This will need to sit in the middle of a destructive runic circle for an hour before we can use it, but once that's done, we'll be able to determine at least which class of curse we're dealing with."

"Wait, Rias, could you just destroy the curse?" Fleur asked hopefully.

"No," Rias sighed. "Curses of this type get so interwoven into the victim's essence that to destroy it would mean destroying them too. Even Sirzechs, with the practice he put into isolating soul shards inside horcruxes, wouldn't be able to do this. If we could find the blood sample, it could be destroyed, but any of you could do that."

"That is the one surefire way to destroy curses like this, but in most cases there are other ways to undo them," Harry commented.

"I had forgotten just how much knowledge of dark magic you had bouncing around in there," Sirius commented, pointing at Harry's head.

"Decades of it," Harry muttered as he finished empowering the runic circle he'd carved into a stone plaque and placed the bouquet in the middle of it.

"So the plants are aconite, hemlock, tormentil, and belladonna?" Hermione asked. "I can't help but notice that one of those doesn't really belong, despite its less than pleasant name."

"The tormentil helps keep them all from counteracting each other, while the bicorn hair binds them all together," Harry replied. "The process was perfected by an ancient Greek wizard named Herpo."

"Did it sound like the police had any idea who might be behind it?" Kiba asked.

"They had just started the investigation and wouldn't have told us anything regardless," Harry replied. "Up until this morning, the whole thing was being treated like an ailment of some sort, and no one had any reason to suspect foul play."

"That's one of the most insidious things about most of the curses of this sort," Sirius added. "They start so slow that by the time you have any cause for true alarm, the person behind it could have been on the other side of the world for weeks, even months."

"If I ever get my hands on them…" Fleur hissed.

"We'll help you deal with them," Rias promised, and the blonde looked up at her, forcing out a question she really didn't want to consider.

"If...if we can't cure him, could your evil pieces save him?" she asked, her eyes pleading, and Rias sighed.

"I'm out of pawns, and using pieces far more powerful than the base person you're trying to revive can go very poorly," she replied. "Beyond that, though, evil pieces can't revive or turn someone who doesn't want the gift of devilry, and given how most wizards view devils, I wouldn't imagine that your father would much want to be one, especially since he's been married to a Veela for decades."

"Merde," Fleur spat, jumping to her feet and pacing. "I hate having to wait."

"I know this isn't going to sound particularly comforting, but these curses are almost always intended to make the victim's death slow," Sirius sighed. "That means that we should have plenty of time to find a cure."

Fleur let out a humorless laugh and leaned against the wall. "Will he be able to recover if it takes us too long, though?"

"It depends," Harry replied honestly. "Given that he's been experiencing symptoms for months and it only just got to a point where medical intervention was needed, we should have weeks at least before he'll be at risk of permanent damage."

"We'll want to look over his cases," Koneko piped up. "If finding the dickbag who did this is our most effective course of action, figuring out who has the biggest axe to grind with him would be helpful."

"He signed up at the academy right out of Beauxbatons and has been in law enforcement for thirty years," Fleur sighed. "His list of enemies would not be short."

"How much older is he than your mum?" Harry asked.

"Mama looks good for her age," Fleur replied, figuring that was why he was asking. "He is a decade older than her, though, and actually met her while she was about to enter her final year at the school. She and my grandmere were witnesses to a brutal duel that caused so much damage in Paris the Oblivatiors ended up making the locals think it was a terrorist attack of some kind. She liked him from the start and seduced him within the day, though it was apparently a while before he considered actually dating her because she was so young."

Fleur smiled at that, and Hermione took her hand comfortingly.

"I don't have any contacts in the French ministry, sadly," Sirius sighed.

"My aunt might," Rias muttered, and Harry looked at her curiously.

"Minobella?" he asked.

"The one and only," Rias winced. "Asking her for favors is never fun, but if we end up needing to, I can visit her."

"Thank you," Fleur smiled, "all of you, for being so kind."

"You're part of Rias' peerage, and that makes you one of us," Kiba replied.

"Indeed," Rias added. "We're a family, Fleur, and if your father needs our help, he'll get it."

"Sona will want to speak with you before the end of the week regarding the end-of-year festivities, but other than that...what did I miss?" Akeno asked as she walked in.

The others filled her in while Harry watched the bouquet become increasingly infused with dark and destructive magic. This was something that Voldemort had rarely ever bothered with, preferring to kill his enemies in more direct ways, but he'd learned much of it anyway during the decade he spent traveling the world after he graduated from Hogwarts. Herpo had been an obsession of his for a while, given that the man had apparently been the first to create a horcrux, and his old foe had learned as much as he could of the ancient wizard's work.

"That smells really foul," Koneko muttered as he uncorked the vial of blood.

"The herbs?" Harry asked.

"No, the blood," Koneko replied. "There's a poison in it, even stronger than the herbs."

"What are you talking about?" Fleur asked.

"Koneko is a nekomata," Rias replied before she could.

"A cat person?" Hermione asked, and Luna gasped, looking at the short, white-haired girl with new interest.

"Really?" she asked excitedly, and Koneko reared back, not liking the sudden attention.

"Yes," she replied warily.

"Hermione was a cat person once," Luna said, and the brunette glared at her.

"Huh?" Koneko asked.

"Polyjuice is a potion that lets you take on the form of another person if you put one of their hairs in it before drinking," Hermione replied. "I tried to turn into classmate of ours, but the hair that I plucked from her robes turned out to belong to her cat. The result was...less than pleasant."

"Wait, what?" Sirius asked, chuckling. "Oh, Merlin, what happened?"

"This," Harry replied, conjuring an image of his memory of her, and Hermione squeaked.

"Harry!" she exclaimed.

"You were so cute!" Luna beamed. Looking at Koneko, she asked, "So do you have a cat form?"

"Nothing like that," the younger girl replied dryly. "Fuck, I can't even imagine having hair everywhere like that."

"It wasn't fun," Hermione muttered, still glaring at Harry, who dismissed the conjured image.

"Eh, being hairy isn't all bad, right, pup?" Sirius quipped, and Harry rolled his eyes.

"Says the fleabag," he retorted, and Sirius gave him an offended look.

"I do not have fleas!" he exclaimed, turning into Padfoot to demonstrate.

Koneko hissed in surprise and jumped to the ceiling, her ears, tail, and claws coming in as she clung to it. "What the fuck!?"

"Oh, wow, you're cute too," Luna smiled as Sirius turned back, laughing at her reaction.

"I'm an animagus," he explained. "Some wizards develop the ability to turn into a specific type of animal that represents their soul in some way. Padfoot is my form."

"So that's why you smell like dog," Koneko muttered, dropping down and glaring at him, her ears folded back along her head.

"Oi, I don't smell," Sirius replied.

"It's done," Harry called out, drawing all of their attention to him.

Luna looked at him after another moment of staring at Koneko, thinking to herself that she really needed to get to know the nekomata better.

"Here," Harry murmured, lifting the bouquet up telepathically and pouring the blood into a bowl that could hold both of them. "From how many seconds it takes to dissolve the herbs, we'll be able to determine which class of curse we're dealing with, though we'll still need to narrow things down from th…"

He trailed off as he placed the herbs in the blood, only for them to wilt and rot instantly.

"Um...what does that mean?" Fleur asked, feeling her heart jump into her throat as she watched Harry turn pale.

"Nathresia's Bane," Harry muttered, sitting down heavily and burying his face in his hands.

"Oh, fuck," Sirius breathed.

"What?" Fleur asked. "What is Nathresia's Bane?"

"One of the worst blood curses ever devised," Harry replied. "Only blood maledictions could possibly be considered worse, as they affect entire bloodlines."

"What does it do?" Luna asked.

"It's a wasting curse like most of them, meant to slowly make the victim waste away, but it's one of the most difficult ones to cure," Sirius replied. "My grandfather told us all the tale over Yule dinner once. Nathresia was the wife of a wealthy, yet weak wizard named Darius about two hundred years ago. She cheated on him, flaunting her affairs, utterly secure in her belief that her brothers, far more powerful wizards than her husband, could keep him in check if he ever tried anything. Realizing that he couldn't be rid of her normally, due to the power of her family, he devised a way to kill her that no one would suspect him of."

"She did die, though her brothers eventually figured out that Darius had done it and tortured him to death," Harry replied.

"That part Arcturus went into particular detail about," Sirius muttered. "Didn't eat much that night."

"How do we cure him?" Fleur asked.

"The only known way is to find and destroy the blood sample," Harry replied, and she paled. "Every other method ever attempted has failed."

"How...how long do you think we have?" Fleur asked.

"Your father is going to be well enough to be discharged by tonight," Harry replied.

"'Arry, his heart stopped earlier," Fleur pointed out.

"I know, but knowing what specifically he was hit by now, he would have survived even without the healers' intervention," Harry replied. "Nathresia's Bane comes in waves, the first three of which are never fatal. In some cases there are four waves, in others five, but there have never been more than that. The length of time between them varies too, with the shortest periods ever recorded being a week."

"So we have possibly as little as a month to save his life?" Fleur asked, and he pulled her in, hugging her tightly.

"I'll do everything I can, Fleur," he promised. "Now, return to France and inform your mother and that Balzac woman about what we've found. Regardless of whether or not this test was illegal there, it was done outside their jurisdiction, and they won't seek me out here for it."

"In the meantime, we'll return to the underworld and see if we can't find anything in the omnilibrary on it," Rias murmured.

"That might be a really good idea," Harry nodded. "After Nathresia's brother finished flaying and gelding Darius, they locked him in his house and set it on fire. They hoped to destroy all knowledge of the curse and burned his grimoire with him. Unfortunately, he had consulted with another man, who sold knowledge of the curse to others. If he ever considered a cure, which isn't likely, knowledge of it would have been in that grimoire."

"Who was the other man?" Luna asked.

"Is," Harry corrected her, "or at least, he was still alive as late as the sixties. He was a one-time mentor of Voldemort's, actually."

"You said that Darius lived two hundred years ago," Hermione pointed out.

"He was an ancient thing when Voldemort met him in the fifties," Harry replied. "Klaus Reinhardt's his name, and he worked with Grindelwald back during his reign of terror as well. The man's as dark as they come, but smart enough to keep his nose just clean enough. He has a horcrux as well."

"So he is quite likely still alive," Fleur mused, narrowing her eyes. "Could he be involved here?"

"Unlikely," Harry replied, "or at least not directly. He's a dark magic consultant of sorts and never shies away from helping psychopaths who cross his path. Voldemort thought that he did it out of sheer amusement as well as the fees he often charges, but he never asked."

"Dark magic consultant?" Hermione asked incredulously.

"I'd be shocked if my grandfather didn't know him back in the day," Sirius muttered, shaking his head. "Seems like his sort of friend."

"Anyway, I'll go see my mother and speak to the aurors," Fleur replied. "They might still be there searching for whatever was used to obtain his blood."

"They don't know that yet?" Rias asked, tapping her nails on the table. When Fleur shook her head, she said, "Koneko, go with her and see if you can sniff out anything that smells of blood and shouldn't."

"You got it," Koneko nodded.

"You're returning to Castle Gremory?" Fleur asked.

"We are," Rias nodded. "Join us when you're done, though I'll likely have gone off to visit Aunt Minobella, provided she's free."

"Alright," Fleur sighed. "Thank you again for your help. This came almost out of nowhere for me, and I can't imagine how much of a basket case I'd be right now without all of you."

"We're all here for you, Fleur," Harry whispered, kissing her softly before watching her disappear in a fiery orange circle.

"You would have your copies, but I'll look through my grandfather's old journals and see if he ever wrote about Nathresia's Bane," Sirius replied. "Good luck."

"Thanks," Harry sighed. "We're going to need it."

"Are things more dire than you told Fleur?" Hermione asked.

"Let's just say that Nathresia's death wasn't pleasant," Harry grimaced.

*****

"Ah, Rias," Venelana smiled as she spotted her. "What ended up being the problem with your new pawn?"

"Her father's been afflicted by a terrible curse," Rias replied, and Venelana's face fell.

"Ah, I see," she replied. "Is it something that we could deal with?"

"It's a blood curse," Rias replied, shaking her head, "a particularly vile one called Nathresia's Bane."

"Oh," Venelana muttered. "She has my condolences."

"It's early yet, and we could undo it if we could find the person responsible," Rias replied. "Her father is the head of the French magical government's justice department, and I need to know what he's been working on if I'm going to try to narrow down who's responsible, but it's not like they'll work with me. I was wondering if…"

"Minobella," Venelana guessed immediately. "She might be able to help you, though she seldom does anything for free. I'll be visiting her tomorrow morning if you'd like to come along."

"You don't think she'd have a moment to spare today?" Rias asked.

"No," Venelana replied. "She's been driving herself mad planning the ball she and Hafaer are throwing and booked the whole day off for spa treatments. Bloody diva."

Rias laughed at that.

"I had hoped to see her today, but she made it very clear that tomorrow would be the earliest possible time," Venelana continued.

"Well, I'll go with you then," Rias nodded. "Hopefully Seekvaira will be there; I haven't seen her in ages."

"She probably will be," Venelana nodded. "I spoke with Harry earlier."

"We've been so consumed by Fleur's trouble that we didn't have time to discuss it," Rias replied.

"He has potential, that one," Venelana said, "and I don't just mean his incubus potential. You would do well to cultivate it, and I can help you there."

"I've been 'cultivating' his potential since we met," Rias replied. "He's grown by leaps and bounds since he first summoned me. I'm honestly quite proud."

"We'll discuss this later," Venelana said as her familiar flew in, carrying a message.

"Right," Rias nodded before flying off towards the library.

"...all kinds of spell ideas that aren't anything like the ones we know," Luna explained as she entered the library. "I might be able to find something in here that could cure Fleur's dad."

"It's possible, though finding the prick who did it remains our best bet," Harry replied as Darius' grimoire flew into his hand. "This might also help."

"I really do love our library," Rias chuckled, looking around and seeing Hermione, Akeno, and Luna all already poring over books.

"Is your aunt available today?" Harry asked.

"No," Rias replied, "but my mother is visiting her tomorrow, so I'll just tag along. What are you all reading?"

"I have a tome on curses so thick with dark magic it's actually woven into the parchment," Akeno replied.

"A scroll written by Apollo himself on healing magic that might be useful," Hermione replied.

"This is a book I was reading yesterday," Luna replied. "I don't know for sure if there are healing spells in it, but some of this stuff is really powerful. This in particular seems quite mad, considering that it's supposed to be a mid-level spell."

"What is it?" Hermione asked, looking up from her scroll.

"Reincarnate," Luna replied. "Apparently, it dissolves the body of either a living or a very recently deceased being and creates a whole new one from their physical components before forcing the person's soul into it."

"That...shouldn't be possible," Rias perplexed.

"You wouldn't think so, but all the other spells I've tried from the other books similar to this have worked," Luna said.

"Luna, let me see that for a second," Hermione all but demanded, setting her scroll down and walking over. She examined the spell in detail, studying it as her old Arithmancy professor taught her to look over spells, and ran the calculations in her head on just how much power it would take to pull it off, her eyes growing wide as saucers. "Luna, never try this. Even a devil wouldn't survive channeling the amount of power it would take to pull it off."

"It's not like there are many uses for it that I can think of," Luna shrugged, taking the book back and flipping to another page.

The five of them sat in the library, researching in silence, each one hoping to find something that could make saving Sebastian Delacour's life easier.

*****

"Fleur!" Apolline exclaimed as she walked into their manor. "I just got word from the hospital. Your father's made a dramatic recovery, and though the healers want to keep him overnight for observation, they think that they'll be able to discharge him tomorrow. Where did you go?"

"How goes the investigation?" Fleur asked, spotting Elodie Balzac with a pair of aurors.

"We're done with the director's study," Elodie replied.

"Did you find anything?" Fleur asked.

"We examined everything in there and will know more later today," Elodie replied. "Who's your friend?"

"Koneko," Koneko replied.

"A unique name," Elodie murmured.

"We just came over from Japan," Koneko replied. "Fleur has news."

"I know what curse was used on my father," Fleur explained. "'Arry ran tests on his blood and…"

"You what?!" Apolline hissed.

"It's Nathresia's Bane," Fleur blurted out, and two out of the three aurors immediately paled.

"What's that?" the third one asked.

"One of the worst blood curses ever devised," Elodie replied, and Apolline's chest lurched.

"But...but he already seems better," she stammered.

"What exactly did Potter do?" Elodie asked.

"He prepared a bouquet of tormentil, aconite, belladonna, and hemlock and then added them to Papa's blood," Fleur replied. "They dissolved instantly and according to 'Arry, there is only one curse that would produce that effect."

"Your friend wasn't kidding about the extent of his research," Elodie scowled.

"It's finished now, so I suppose there's no harm in saying that he and Voldemort, the dark lord who terrorized Britain back in the seventies and early eighties and recently returned from the dead, were linked by prophecy," Fleur replied. "He was the only one who could kill that lunatic, and so, yes, he learned about all kinds of dark magic, because that was what he was up against."

"Not my jurisdiction," Elodie shrugged. "If we are dealing with that of all curses, it makes this a great deal more serious, but it also narrows down the suspect pool a lot. Thank your boyfriend for his help, but I'm warning you and would like you to carry the message on that this is officially auror-business, and I won't tolerate civilian interference."

"What about professional interference?" Sebastian asked as he walked through the floo, leaning heavily on a cane.

"Sebastian!" Apolline exclaimed, rushing over to him. "What are you doing here? They said that they were keeping you overnight."

"I made it perfectly clear to them that I was returning home as soon as I could walk," Sebastian muttered.

"You stubborn man," Apolline hissed. "You are in serious danger."

"So I've gathered," Sebastian replied dryly. "Healer Allard said that from what they'd determined so far, it has to be something particularly dark."

"Nathresia's Bane," Fleur said and his eyes widened.

"How could you…" Sebastian went to ask.

"'Arry figured it out," Fleur replied. "He's somewhat of an expert on things like this for reasons I'll go over later."

"That...of all the people I can think of who could have reason to try to kill me, few could pull off something like that," Sebastian mused. "What I can't figure out is how they got my blood. I purge all external connections every other day."

"We examined your room and study for anything that seemed to be cursed and found nothing," Elodie said. "The team I sent to examine your office also came up with nothing."

"That's why I'm here," Koneko piped up.

"Pardon?" Elodie asked.

"I'm a...cat animagus," Koneko lied, "and my sense of smell is far greater than most."

"Whatever was used to extract your blood without you knowing might still smell like blood," Fleur added.

"Your blood in particular smells terrible," Koneko muttered, "like poison and rot."

"You could...smell that?" Elodie asked before sighing. "Well, I can't believe I'm saying this, but come along."

"When did that little girl smell my blood?" Sebastian asked Fleur, who explained how Harry had determined the specific curse earlier.

The lot of them followed the aurors and Koneko towards his study, being intercepted by a flying blonde missile along the way.

"Papa!" Gabrielle exclaimed, tears forming in her eyes as she rushed over to hug him. "Are you all better?"

"Getting better, little dove," Sebastian replied, kissing her cheek. "I'm sorry for worrying you."

"That's weird," Koneko scowled the moment she entered the room. "This place smells like whiskey, but...whiskey that's on fire."

"I thought you gave up your nightcaps when you said that that might be why you were so tired in the morning," Apolline glared, and Sebastian chuckled sheepishly.

"Well, in my defense, it turns out that they had nothing to do with it," he replied.

"It's in here," Koneko muttered as she made a beeline for his desk. "I could smell the rot almost from the door."

"We looked in the desk and found nothing," Elodie said.

"Well, something in here stinks," Koneko replied, pulling open drawer after drawer and giving each a whiff until she found the one she was looking for. "In here."

"That's my stationary, and my ink, which I'd ask you to be careful with!" Sebastian exclaimed as Koneko tossed the inkwell onto the desk haphazardly. "This!"

She pulled out a quill with a bright orange, fiery-looking feather, bringing it to her nose and grimacing as she detected the same thing that she'd smelled back in the rookery.

"My quill?" Sebastian asked, confused, "But I've had that thing for years."

"I bought it for you...nearly a decade ago now," Apolline added.

"Is that so?" Elodie asked suspiciously, and Sebastian glared at her.

"It wasn't Apolline," he insisted.

"All I know is that the quill stinks like your blood, especially the tip," Koneko replied, giving it over to Elodie, whose brow furrowed.

"I wonder," she mused, drawing her wand and casting a few charms on it. "Oh no."

"What is it?" Sebastian asked.

"We were specifically looking for cursed objects earlier, and our detection spells wouldn't have picked this up," Elodie replied. "This has been enchanted to act as a sort of blood quill."

"What?" Sebastian demanded. "Oh, no."

"Wait, so every time he used it to write it…" Apolline went to ask.

"We have to assume that every time you used this quill, Director, it took a little of your blood and sent it to whoever is responsible for this," Elodie cut her off.

They all looked at her in horror.

*****

The investigation that followed that revelation was long and tiring, with the aurors needing to question everyone, especially Apolline, who outright demanded Veritaserum so they could stop wasting her time. By the time Fleur and Koneko left, hours had passed, and they were both very happy to return to the Underworld.

"Hey," Harry said, standing up as they entered the library. "How did it go?"

"I found the thing they used to get his blood," Koneko replied. "It was a quill of some kind. You guys actually still use quills?"

"It's tradition, and they're not as bad as you'd think," Hermione replied. "How did it take his blood?"

"It had been enchanted to do so as he wrote," Fleur replied. "He's had it for years, and he always checks new things for curses before he uses them out of basic auror paranoia, so at some point someone must have gained access to it and cursed it, which raises so many more questions. Our wards are extensive, and even when Mama and Gabrielle are out, Bernadette is always there."

"Bernadette?" Hermione asked.

"Our house-elf," Fleur replied. "It just doesn't make sense. Papa thanked us for our work and politely asked us to leave it to the aurors too, so we're not going to get much from him."

"I'm meeting with my aunt tomorrow to see if she can help," Rias assured her. "We have time to work on this and plenty of resources at our command. We'll figure something out."

"She's right," Harry added, hugging her tightly. "We're here for you."

"Thank you," Fleur whispered, her eyes filling with tears. "Right now, I swear I just need to get my mind off of everything."

"Harry, why don't you help her with that?" Rias asked suggestively, and Fleur smirked.

"You do make a lovely distraction, master," she purred, and Harry chuckled.

"If you're sure," he whispered, and she nodded.

"Just make me forget for an hour or two, please," Fleur all but begged, and he hooked an arm under her knees and carried her off bridal style, flying to his bedroom.

"Thank you," Fleur breathed as he tossed her on his bed and undressed her with a wave of his hand.

"You never need to thank me for this," Harry chuckled, undressing himself and descending between her parted legs.

"I didn't really mean for this as much as just today in general," Fleur replied. "Coming to me as you did, taking charge and immediately working to help my papa. I'd be a wreck without you."

"I love you, Fleur," Harry breathed, cupping her cheek. "The moment I sensed you were in trouble, I didn't hesitate to come running, and as for helping your father, what's the point of having decades' worth of a psycho's knowledge in my head if I don't use it now and then?"

Fleur giggled at that and pulled him down for a kiss, eager to lose herself in him. Her hands roamed over his muscular form, her core burning with desire the more she took him in. He was easily the most handsome man she'd ever met, and just being around him was enough to make her wet, but their relationship had progressed far beyond mere carnal lust. She adored him, and seeing his lust-darkened green eyes staring into hers made her heart and pussy both flutter.

"So you and Rias are getting married?" she asked as she broke the kiss.

"Does that bother you?" Harry asked.

"No," Fleur replied, running her hands over his broad shoulders through to his neck and cupping his face. "I knew from the start that I was joining an existing relationship, and Rias was always pretty obviously your first girlfriend."

"I really am the luckiest man alive," Harry chuckled, kissing her again and kneading her heavy breasts.

The two of them made out languidly, neither one in a rush, and each one more than happy to just enjoy the moment. Harry could still feel Fleur's fear and dread through the bond and was determined to do as much as he could to take her mind off of the terrible day, while Fleur herself just wanted to shut her brain off and lose herself in the pleasure she knew her lover could bring her. Their tongues danced in their mouths, and she moaned as she felt his massive, rock-hard cock start to grind against her heated flesh. Wrapping her legs around him, she met his thrusts, enjoying the simple pleasure of his touch even though he wasn't yet inside her.

"Oh, fuck!" Fleur cried out when he broke the kiss and moved to her neck.

His lips mapped a trail across her hot skin, each kiss making her insides flutter, until she was panting with need.

"Fuck me, I could have you thrice daily for eternity and not get my fill," Harry groaned, nipping at her pulse point and then soothing it with his tongue.

"I...inside me, please!" Fleur cried.

"You don't want me to taste you first?" Harry asked.

"Feel how fucking wet I am for you," Fleur moaned, grabbing his ass and slowly sliding her slick cunt along the underside of his cock. "You can do whatever you want to me later, but right now if I don't feel your cock inside my pussy, I'll go mad."

"Well, we wouldn't want that, my precious bird," Harry replied, lining himself up with her and sinking inside. He caught her gasping moan with his lips, kissing her again, and thrust forward slowly, sinking inside her depths inch by inch.

"Holy shit!" Fleur exclaimed, throwing her head back as he bottomed out inside her. "I'll never get enough of your cock, 'Arry."

"Fuck me, I swear you're hotter than normal," Harry groaned, and she giggled.

"I may or may not be ovulating," Fleur replied, and his eye darkened.

"Really?" Harry asked, ghosting his knuckles over her cheek. "So you're saying that if I came inside you, I might knock you up?"

Fleur gasped at that, her eyes going nearly black and her insides clenching around him, making him grin devilishly.

"You like that idea, don't you?" he asked.

"I...fuck!" Fleur cried as he pulled his cock back, his immense girth brushing against every inch of her sensitive tunnel.

In truth, he had been casting contraceptive charms on all of them since he became an incubus, something that he'd only bothered with for Hermione, Luna, and Fleur before. He was a lot more fertile than he used to be and was in no position to become a father just then, given his age and his mission to save his mother's soul from Rizevim. He was fairly sure that she knew that too, but if talking about getting her pregnant turned her on, then he'd happily oblige.

"You'd look so fucking hot pregnant with my child," he whispered in her ear, and she whimpered.

"I...I'm not ready to...merde...become a mother," Fleur cried, her molten tunnel spasming around him as he worked his way up to a steady pace.

"No?" Harry asked, cocking an eyebrow. "This hot, wet, tight pussy says otherwise. You can't even think about me putting a baby in you without clenching around me."

"Fucking hell, Harry," Fleur cried, wrapping her legs around him as she reached above her head, clawing at the sheets.

"These childbearing hips, these massive breasts, your body's practically begging for me to do it," Harry grinned, sliding his hands up along her body as he picked up his pace, fucking her hard enough for her breasts to bounce and roll across her chest.

Her pink nipples looked hard enough to cut glass as he palmed her mounds, and he eagerly lowered his head down to capture one of them with his lips.

"Fuck, fuck!" Fleur cried, feeling herself soaring towards her peak.

"They'd get even bigger, filling up with milk to feed our little girl," Harry grinned as he switched to the other nipple, grazing it with his teeth before sucking on it, making her shriek.

"Do it, 'Arry!" Fleur cried. "Cum in me; fill me up!"

"If you want my cum, you're going to need to earn it," Harry rumbled, and she nearly came right there.

Reaching around, she raked her nails over his back, the mild sting making him gasp and pick up his pace further. Her moans turned to screams as his every thrust started to make lights go off behind her eyes. She was so close and didn't know if the way that he was filling her to the brim over and over again or the fantasy he was putting in her head had more to do with it. She'd barely given any thought to children before, only having graduated that year and never having met a man she'd have even considered having them with before Harry. As he picked up his pace again, fucking her with hard, deep strokes, and continued whispering in her ear about what a good mother she'd be and how fucking hot she'd look round with their daughter, it was all she could think of, though.

"Do it!" Fleur screamed, scratching his back. "Cum in me, cum...ARRY!"

She squealed as she came hard, squirting all around his pistoning cock. Harry groaned at the way she spasmed around him, her body trying to milk him as though the fantasy was real. He held on, having reached a point where he came when he wanted, something that was either due to him becoming an incubus, his extensive sexual experience, or both, and fucked her through her orgasm, prolonging her pleasure as much as he could. Fleur screamed and squealed through it all, her mind deliciously blank as pleasure overwhelmed her. When it finally ended, she collapsed on her back, panting for breath and staring up at him with hooded, glassy eyes.

"You...did not...cum," she panted, her French accent having thickened dramatically, something that he figured she was putting on for effect.

"Like I said," Harry replied with a grin. "You're going to have to be a good girl and earn it."

She licked up across his lips and unleashed her allure at full force.

"Pull out of me, roll me over, and pound me into ze bed until you cum," she commanded. "I don't care if I pass out, and I don't want you to stop even if I beg. Use me like a 'ole to fuck until you're sated."

"As you wish," Harry grinned, pulling his cock from her gaping quim and rolling her onto her belly before plunging inside her again to the hilt.

"YES!" Fleur shrieked, clawing at the sheets in front of her.

He wasn't going to impregnate her that day, or any day soon, but if the fantasy of it was enough to get her mind off what was happening in France for a while, he was happy to indulge it. They'd get to work on trying to figure out who was trying to kill her father once they had a better idea of the enemies he'd made over the years, but for now, they'd focus on trying to get her through the crisis.

*****

"Herr Reinhardt," a gravelly voice called through the floo.

"Give me a moment," Reinhardt replied as he walked over. "Zese old bones don't move as easily as zey vonce did. Vhat is it, Runcorn?"

"My contacts in the French ministry sent me an interesting bit of news on the subject you asked me to keep an ear out for," Albert Runcorn replied. "Their DMLE is up in arms after Director Delacour was taken to the hospital. It turns out that the poor bugger's been hit with some blood curse I didn't recognize the name of."

"I see," Reinhardt nodded. "Zank you for telling me."

"Anything for an old friend," Runcorn smiled. "Good day."

"Und to you," Reinhardt replied as the green fire dissipated.

Albert Runcorn was a weasel of a man, but such men had their uses, and with his old contacts in the French ministry having been rounded up in one of Delacour's anti-corruption blitzes, a man working in the British Department of International Magical Co-operation was the next best thing.

"I did varn him zat zey'd figure it out quickly," Reinhardt sighed, walking over to a nearby table and resting his hand on a picture on it. "Of course, zat vas ze idea."

He chuckled and picked up the picture, his sightless eyes staring into nothing as he sensed every speck of ink on it. Harry Potter had proven himself a most intriguing figure, and he was very much looking forward to meeting him.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Brawlingbard, Markuz Black, Fridrich and 229 others
voivode_writer
Aug 5, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 35 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Aug 19, 2025
Add bookmark
#781
"Rias, what a surprise," Minobella smiled as she spotted her.

"Aunt Minobella," Rias nodded respectfully.

"Rias here wanted a word with you, and since I was coming already, I figured I'd just bring her along," Venelana added. "Is Seekvaira in?"

"She is," Minobella replied. "Come, come. I have tea and cakes waiting for us."

Minobella led them into the Crystal Palace, the home she'd shared with her husband for centuries. Rias had often thought that her own home and her aunt's place both truly reflected the personalities of the two sisters. Gremory Castle was a tall, imposing structure, beautiful in its way but more than anything a place meant to reflect quiet, respectable power. The Crystal Palace was as over-the-top as her melodramatic aunt, a square structure of opaque crystal, with tall, jutting towers at each corner.

Every bit of it was made of the material, meant to remind everyone that the crystals used for the Evil Pieces came exclusively from this territory, though a different kind of crystal was used in the construction. It was beautiful and grand in a way that was almost garish, but the dark hue of the crystal gave it a subtle ruggedness that toned it down just enough to avoid that. The gleaming purple lights that traveled throughout it shone with power, though, and made it clear that the palace was more than just a pretty art piece. In this too, it reflected her aunt, for though Minobella was flightier and more dramatic than her sister, she was still a daughter of the House of Bael, and none of that line were to be taken lightly.

"How go the preparations?" Venelana asked, and Minobella huffed.

"Oh, it's a nightmare," the brunette muttered. "I have no idea why I insist on putting myself through the trouble of arranging these things as often as I do."

"Because you love playing hostess and having everyone praise you for how lovely everything is," Venelana replied immediately, and her sister glared at her for a moment before sighing.

"You're not…"

"Aunt Venelana," a new voice said, and Rias smiled as she saw a mane of familiar pale green hair at the top of the entry staircase. "Mother said you were co...Rias!"

"Seekvaira," Rias smiled as the girl rushed down the steps and hugged her.

"I didn't know you were coming," Seekvaira gushed, giving her mother a look.

"It surprised me too," Minobella murmured. "You rarely visit, Rias, and given that, if I'm not mistaken, that school of yours is still in session, I'm surprised you're here at all."

"There's something that I need to discuss with you," Rias replied, and Minobella grinned almost imperceptibly, realizing that she was about to be asked for a favor.

"Well, we can discuss that over tea," Minobella replied. "Seekvaira, dear, would you like to join us, or will you insist on going out to train?"

"I can have a cup," Seekvaira replied. "Rias, I heard you had expanded your peerage."

"Yes, I have," Rias replied. "I made Koneko my rook and found a knight back at the end of last year. I recently found four pawns, though."

"How many pieces do you have left?" Seekvaira asked.

"A rook, a knight, and a bishop," Rias replied, and her cousin cocked an eyebrow. "Two of my pawns ended up requiring multiple pieces."

"You simply must tell me more about them," Seekvaira beamed.

"After we've had a chance to sit down," Minobella cut in as she led them into her sitting room. "What do you think of the chairs, Lana? I recently had them reupholstered."

"Oh, they look marvelous," Venelana replied, brushing her hand over the soft burgundy leather. "They feel exquisite too."

Minobella preened under the complement as her sister knew she would, and sat down as one of her maids finished pouring four cups of tea.

"That will be all," she said, and the maid nodded before leaving. "Now, Rias, you have something to ask of me, yes?"

"I do," Rias replied. "It has to do with one of the new members of my peerage. Have your contacts in the French magical community shared any interesting bits of information lately?"

"I receive all sorts of information," Minobella replied, sipping her tea. "You will have to be more specific."

"Sebastian Delacour," Rias replied, and Minobella's cup hovered just a little away from her lips.

"Now where did you hear that name?" she asked, setting her cup down. "I hadn't thought that you had any interest in France, much less its magical community."

"That's always been more your thing," Venelana murmured. "These cakes are French, if I recall correctly, though I can't recall the name."

"Good eye," Minobella smiled, picking up one of the plates that had been arranged. On each one there was a small rectangular piece of cake possessed of multiple different layers that looked divine. "Opera cake, a favorite of mine. It's made of thin layers of almond cake sandwiched between layers of chocolate ganache and coffee buttercream."

"Mmm, oh wow," Rias smiled as she tasted it.

"So, you've heard about the rather unfortunate fate that has befallen the soon-to-be late director," Minobella said, making Rias stiffen. "I would love to know how."

"His daughter is one of my new pawns," Rias replied, and Minobella looked at her in shock for a moment before her eyes widened in recognition.

"Your Veela," she guessed. "I hadn't yet heard her name."

"Fleur," Rias replied. "She is, as you can imagine, quite terrified about her father's curse."

"A nasty bit of work if it's what my contacts said," Minobella muttered. "I don't know what you expect me to do, though. I might have the Power of Destruction, but if it was that simple, you'd have gone to Sirzechs."

"I don't need your power so much as your contacts," Rias replied. "Delacour isn't exactly going to help his daughter investigate this, and she hasn't told her family yet about her new...status."

"You want access to the department's files," Minobella mused, cocking an eyebrow at her.

"Not so much the files as I want a sense of what the most high-profile cases of his career were," Rias replied. "The curse used in this case is powerful, and information on it is hard to come by. Whoever did it, they aren't your run-of-the-mill witch or wizard. To make things even stranger, they got ahold of his blood by sneaking into his home and switching out his quill with one enchanted to siphon some away."

"That's curious," Minobella commented, sipping her tea.

"I'm assuming that this man is rather important," Seekvaira piped up. "His security would be extensive, surely."

"It's an odd case, to put it mildly," Rias replied. "If we're going to save him, we need to get our hands on the blood sample used for the curse and destroy it, and we only have a few weeks to manage that. I could get my hands on the department's case files easily enough, but I'd be searching for a needle in a rather sizable haystack if I went at it from that angle. I need more specific information."

"Hence coming to me," Minobella mused. "You're family, so I won't change what I normally would for such a favor…"

"Mini," Venelana said warningly, and her sister merely smiled at her.

"I've heard the most fascinating things about that boy toy of yours," Minobella continued. "Word has it you two were spotted at The Waterfall not long ago."

"We were," Rias nodded, wondering where she was going with this.

"Things are more serious between you two than I realized," Minobella mused. "Bring him to the ball."

"What?" Rias asked as Venelana tensed next to her.

"Agree to attend to my ball on his arm, and I'll lean on my contacts in the French magical government to compile a list of the most high-profile cases Delacour's been connected to," Minobella replied.

"What are you playing at, Minobella?" Venelana asked, her eyes narrowing.

"Nothing, Venelana," Minobella chuckled. "I met the boy once and only briefly, in a time when I thought he was just a particularly well-shaped tool for Rias to use to escape Riser Phenex. If they're actually seeing each other seriously, though, then I want to get to know him properly, and what better way than for him to come with her?"

"I'll do it," Rias replied.

"Splendid," Minobella smiled, "then I'll ensure that you have your list by the afternoon."

"So soon?" Rias asked.

"My contacts there know very well how generous I can be with those who please me," Minobella replied. Her eyes narrowed as she added, "They also know how unforgiving I can be to those who fail to. So, Lana, how's little Millicas?"

"Getting bigger every day," Venelana replied flatly, and her sister just grinned at her.

*****

"Fucking hell," Harry muttered as he saw the large pile of files that had been dropped off an hour later.

"I had hoped for fewer, but at least this will let us narrow things down a bit," Rias muttered as she picked up the first case file.

"Should we use the copies in the library?" Fleur asked. "Just in case they redacted some things from these?"

"I doubt they would, given who demanded the files, but we'll do it just to be on the safe side," Rias replied.

"What did your aunt end up asking for in exchange?" Harry asked.

"We have a date," Rias replied. "The Agareses are throwing a ball in a couple weeks, and you and I will be attending together."

"That's it?" Harry asked.

"That's what I asked," Rias muttered.

"I honestly expected her to ask for much more," Rias mused as she and her mother flew home.

"She knows something," Venelana hissed, and Rias looked at her in surprise.

"Are you sure?" the redhead asked. "It's possible that she's just curious about why I'm so taken with Harry."

"She wouldn't waste a perfectly good favor on mere curiosity," Venelana replied. "I know your aunt well, Rias. She might not know exactly what he is, but she knows enough to be very interested in him. We knew that we wouldn't be able to keep things quiet forever, but if Mini is already aware enough to be doing something like this, I suspect that word will spread quickly."

"Damn," Rias sighed. "I had hoped for more time."

"As had I," Venelana replied.

"Lady Venelana's sure that her sister suspects something's unusual about me?" Harry asked. "I figured that sort of speculation wouldn't begin until we announced our engagement."

"She probably doesn't suspect that you're an incubus, but she must suspect that there's something very unique about you," Rias replied. "In truth, she probably figures it's one of the Longinus sacred gears, but either way, she's taken notice of you."

"Well, we'll deal with whatever comes," Harry muttered.

After going through the files, they made a list of them and flew to the library, acquiring the copies there, and set about reading through them. With the entire peerage quickly assembled, they each took one and started there, though it wasn't long before the contents started to get to them.

"If I hadn't met you, I might have ended up dealing with shit like this for a living," Harry grimaced as he set down another file he'd been reading through.

"Well, thankfully you did," Hermione scowled. "Merlin, I don't know how any aurors retain even a little faith in humanity dealing with scum like this. This one abducted an entire family of muggles and let them loose on a small island so he could hunt them for fun."

"A real Most Dangerous Game scenario?" Akeno asked. "Better that than this sick fuck. He murdered his wife so he could marry his stepdaughter."

"Ew," Koneko muttered.

"These aren't exactly the kind of high-profile cases I was expecting," Harry admitted. "I figured we'd be looking into criminal syndicates or things like that."

"There may well be cases like that in this pile, but the perpetrators in these cases have all been wealthy purebloods so far, which I imagine was the criteria Lady Minobella's contacts used," Fleur replied. "Your muggle hunter was a Lacroix, while the one arrested in the case I'm reading through here was a Chevalier. We're bound to come across a Lestrange or two at some point."

"Just what we need," Hermione muttered as she picked up another case file. "Heh, sure enough, Celeste Lestrange, charged with...oh go...ahh.."

"What is it?" Harry asked.

"She was convinced that bathing in the blood of muggleborns would let her take back some of the magic that they had stolen for herself," Hermione replied. "The bitch is serving forty years in the Citadelle."

"Our equivalent to Azkaban," Fleur explained. "The worst of the worst get sent there."

"So should we be specifically looking at cases where the convict had been released?" Kiba asked.

"Not necessarily," Rias replied. "These pureblood families are all quite rich, and it wouldn't be impossible for one of them to have used their wealth and influence to try to settle the score for their imprisoned relative. Our first task, once we've read through all these, will be to rule out the ones that we don't think could hope to pull this off at all."

"True," Harry added. "Nathresia's Bane is an incredibly complex curse. Pulling it off isn't easy, and whoever did this knows far more about dark magic than the average criminal. Our muggle hunter, for instance, is probably not the sort to delve into the more subtle mysteries of magic, though we'll have to ensure that, of course."

"Oh no," Luna gasped as she read through one, and they all turned to her.

"Luna, what is it?" Harry asked, seeing how pale she'd turned.

"This could be our guy," Luna replied, turning the file around and showing them.

"Augustin Dumont, late fifties, a sex trafficker that your father helped take in back in the seventies," Harry commented. "He...oh."

"What is it?" Fleur asked.

"He kept Veela as sex slaves," Harry replied, and her eyes flashed dangerously. "Your father was the lead investigator in his case and personally disarmed him when he led a strike team to bring him and his whole vile outfit down. He killed three aurors, and maimed another two before your father managed to slice off his wand arm."

"My favorite method of disarming," Koneko commented. "Is he in this citadel thing?"

"No, he escaped," Harry replied.

"What?!" Fleur demanded.

"Two years ago," Harry replied. "You didn't know?"

"The ministry must have kept it quiet, or I just didn't pay attention," Fleur replied, her brow furrowing as she thought more about it. "Actually, I do remember Father seeming quite angry for a while a couple summers ago, but he never said why, and Mama just said it was ministry stuff. He's always pissed off about some dumb bureaucrat or another, so I didn't think much of it."

"Given everything, I can't imagine that Dumont doesn't hate him, and it was, I imagine, somewhat personal for your father as well," Harry replied. "Do the aurors have any leads on his whereabouts?"

"Not that I saw in there, though with his name, we'll be able to find more files on him if there are any," Luna replied.

"I'll set this one aside as particularly interesting, and we'll revisit it when we're done going through the others," Rias nodded.

"If it was him, I swear…" Fleur hissed.

"We'll burn him together," Harry promised, kissing her forehead, and she smiled at him.

They spent the rest of the afternoon going over old French criminal cases, with Hermione, Luna, and even Fleur needing to take a break at some point because of the sheer horror of it all. Kiba, Koneko, and Akeno had their own reasons to be numb to things like that, while Rias had grown up a devil and been exposed to all kinds of evils through her life. As for Harry, given everything he'd learned from Voldemort, he honestly think didn't that there was anything out there that could shock him and didn't want to learn about such a thing if he was wrong.

Most of the cases they read through were simple criminal matters, made as important as they were simply by the fact that they were committed by rich people, but some really stood out. Rias, Akeno, Kiba, and Koneko returned to Japan after a little bit to attend their classes, taking full advantage of both their devil physiology and the time zone differences, while Harry and the others stayed behind, spending hours going over the few dozen cases Minobella had sent them information on.

"I still say that the case of Celeste Lestrange deserves some investigation," Hermione argued. "I can't imagine that the French ones are more pleasant than their English counterparts, being part of the same family, and if they're wealthy enough to hire someone capable of this…"

"It's possible, but it just doesn't seem likely," Harry replied. "Celeste's parents are dead, she had no children, and her brother doesn't even seem to have visited her in years. Might he have hired someone to curse Sebastian Delacour? Maybe, but it just doesn't seem likely. Voldemort didn't reach out to the French Lestranges because he didn't think much of them in general. I think that this case is more likely. The guy's served his time and gotten out, but he still committed homicide, and given that his wife left him while he was in prison and his kids want nothing to do with him, I can see him being rather bitter."

"Jules Raymonde," Fleur murmured. "Why him?"

"Because I'm fairly sure Voldemort knew his grandfather," Harry replied. "One of the mentors he met in his early travels after he left Hogwarts was named Pierre Raymonde. He was an exceptionally knowledgeable dark wizard, and if Jules is his grandson as I suspect, it's entirely possible that he'd have learned about Nathresia's Bane. Combine that with the fact that he's already killed and…"

"His homicide was a heated thing," Hermione pointed out. "He and this Claude Moreau got in a fight; they drew their wands, and it ended poorly. I'm not defending the guy but there is a difference between going too far in a fight and premeditated murder."

"You're right, but I just think that he could have grown bitter enough in prison to want to strike out against the man who arrested him, and he might very well have access to the sort of information one would need to pull this off," Harry replied. "We haven't yet ruled out the others fully, and we need to work more on narrowing things down. I do agree that we shouldn't rule out the Lestranges, but that probably has more to do with what absolute monsters Rabastian and Rodolphus were."

"I read as much as I could on the Death Eaters that were broken out of Azkaban last year, and those two were some of the worst, not to mention the crazy bitch Rodolphus was married to," Hermione shuddered.

"Well, she was a Black," Harry pointed out, "and she was even worse than they were."

"I need another break," Fleur muttered, tossing aside one of the files and rubbing her temples.

"Hey, we've made a lot of progress," Harry assured her, moving behind her and rubbing her temples for her.

"Mmm, that feels nice," Fleur sighed. "I should check on Papa. Actually, would you like to come with me?"

"Are you sure?" Harry asked.

"I can pretty definitively say at this point that your allure, such as it is, only manifests when you have sex, and even then not consistently," Fleur replied, "so my mama should be fine. Gabby will drool over you, but that won't have anything to do with your incubus nature."

She hadn't yet told him about what her sister had asked of her, given that everything with her father had happened right after that conversation, and she was hoping not to have to for a little bit.

"I suppose I could go with you," Harry replied, taking her hand.

"We'll keep looking through what we can find here," Luna said, smiling reassuringly at Fleur.

"With the library, we have access to pretty much every record ever created, so we'll be able to research the families of these convicts to an extent and perhaps even find their journals," Hermione added. "If we come across anything that suggests any of them were planning to strike against your father, Fleur, we'll set those files aside."

"Thank you, all of you," Fleur smiled as she stood up. "This means more to me than I could say."

"We're family, Fleur," Luna beamed, hugging her, "and that means we help each other. It's not all sex."

Fleur snorted at that and kissed her softly.

With that, Harry pulled her close, and she teleported the two of them to the outskirts of her family's estate. Harry sensed at once that they'd tripped the wards, and he tensed, though the hostility he felt disappeared a moment later.

"You're safe with me," Fleur murmured.

"I'd be safe without you, though it seems like your family's wards are as impressive as I expected," Harry replied as the two of them started walking towards the front door. "Your family home is beautiful, by the way."

"As if there was any chance it wouldn't be," Fleur smirked. "The chateau has been in my family for centuries, and though it was heavily damaged during the war with Grindelwald, it was rebuilt to look as much like the original house as possible. The pale walls, the three towers, decorative at this point, and the roof, they all look as they did, apparently, but this is utterly original."

She pointed at the heavy wooden door, and Harry was just about to ask how it survived what was apparently pretty extensive damage when it opened.

"Fleur?" Apolline asked, her eyes going wide as she spotted him. "And 'Arry. What a surprise."

"I wanted to check on Papa," Fleur replied, "and brought 'Arry along. How is he?"

"In good spirits," Apolline replied.

"Madam Delacour, I am so sorry," Harry said. "I wish we were meeting again under better circumstances."

"As do I," Apolline sighed. "Please, come in. Your papa was just pulling out his hair trying to look for a flaw in the wards. I wish he would just rest."

"Rest won't help me figure out how...Monsieur Potter," Sebastian blurted. "We were not expecting you."

"I wanted you two to meet properly," Fleur explained.

"Monsieur Delacour," Harry nodded, offering his hand. "How are you feeling?"

"Tired of being asked that," Sebastian replied, gesturing for Apolline to close the door behind them. "In truth, I'm glad that you're here. I am quite curious just how a boy who hasn't sat his O.W.L.s yet figured out that I'd been hit with one of the rarest curses in the world."

"Is Gabrielle home?" Harry asked.

"No," Sebastian replied. "She's with my cousin. I asked him to look after her while I tried to figure out what happened here. Why?"

"Because the answer to that isn't something a child should hear," Harry replied. "Without going into too many details, when Voldemort hit me with a killing curse back when I was a year old, and it rebounded on him, he created a link between us."

"A link?" Sebastian asked, his eyes narrowing.

"Voldemort had done things, terrible things, to try to avoid death through his life, and those things rendered his soul unstable," Harry replied. "When his killing curse hit him, a piece of his soul came loose and lodged itself in my scar."

"You speak of some of the darkest magic imaginable," Sebastian breathed, his eyes going wide as he looked at Harry's forehead. "The famous scar you had…"

"That was him," Harry replied. "When he hit me with another killing curse during our final battle, he slew that part of himself, and as I had already destroyed the other parts of him…"

"Parts?" Sebastian asked, emphasizing the plurality of the word as he paled further.

"Like I say, he had done terrible things," Harry replied. "I discovered the piece of him in me months ago, and while I was looking for a solution, I found a way to commune with it and it turned out that, as it was bound to my soul, it was subservient to me. I commanded him to teach me all that he knew, and he did."

"Wait, you're seriously saying that you had a piece of another person's soul in you?" Apolline asked.

"Think of it like a spiritual tapeworm," Harry replied.

"So everything that Lord Voldemort, one of the worst dark wizards in history, knew…" Sebastian said slowly.

"I know," Harry nodded.

"It's not like it's something that he sought out," Fleur hissed as she watched her father look at Harry suspiciously.

"What I know, I can't unknow, but I can use it for good," Harry replied. "That's how I knew about Nathresia's Bane, and that's how I can be of help to you here. I am, for all intents and purposes, one of the most knowledgeable and powerful wizards alive."

"And not even a fifth year," Sebastian laughed humorlessly. "That's how you managed to end the threat of your dark lord, I take it?"

"He had hidden them well, but he couldn't hide them from himself," Harry grinned, though his face quickly fell. "You cannot be saved unless we find the blood sample that curse has been bound to and destroy it, and while I don't doubt the competence of your auror department per se, time is of the essence."

"Let him help you, Papa," Fleur begged. "Please."

"I am not deputizing a student to go around France interrogating everyone he sees fit," Sebastian muttered, "but if you want to look at my wards, perhaps you could find something that I missed."

"I can do that," Harry nodded. "Lead the way."

"Apolline, could you show Fleur what we discussed?" Sebastian asked.

"Hmm?" Fleur asked.

"Come, Fleur," Apolline replied, ushering her away as Sebastian led him to the wardstone.

"How serious are things between my daughter and you?" Sebastian asked.

"I love her," Harry replied immediately, "and she loves me. What we have isn't exactly something I saw coming when we met…"

"Given that you were competitors," Sebastian interjected.

"That wasn't something I sought either," Harry muttered. "One of Voldemort's servants confounded the cup to force it to choose me alongside the other three."

"I heard about that," Sebastian nodded. "The man managed to take the place of Alastor Moody, right?"

"That's right," Harry replied. "You've heard of him?"

"He's a legend across the channel," Sebastian replied, "though as it turns out, even the most capable aurors can be brought down."

"When did you stop needing the cane?" Harry asked. "Last night or this morning?"

"This morning," Sebastian replied.

"That makes sense," Harry replied, following him into the basement. "You'll probably have five days of feeling perfectly fine again before the weariness starts to set back in."

"I can't say I'm thrilled that my daughter is dating a man who knows this much about dark magic," Sebastian admitted, and Harry sighed.

"Like I say, there's little I can do about it," he replied. "An immortal lunatic wanted to kill me and had unwittingly given me the tools to stop him. It was do so or be killed."

"He had truly created multiple horcruxes?" Sebastian asked quietly.

"So you do know about them," Harry nodded. "Seven in total, though he intended to make only six."

"Only," Sebastian scoffed. "You did the world a favor with that one."

"Not like I had a choice," Harry muttered as he watched Sebastian tap a wall with his wand.

It opened up to reveal the primary wardstone, the one that all the others scattered throughout the property were tied to.

"I have examined the wards thoroughly and found nothing," Sebastian hissed. "Somehow my assailant switched out my quills without triggering them at all."

"You have, I imagine, considered the Imperius Curse as a possibility," Harry murmured as he kneeled down and looked over the stone, finding some very impressive wards. "Apolline or Gabrielle could have been made to…"

"Apolline has a surprising level of resistance to the curse," Sebastian replied, "and Gabrielle couldn't access my study. There's an age line woven into the very doorframe and I'd have noticed if it was tampered with at all."

"What about your elf?" Harry asked. "I'm not seeing anything out of the ordinary here."

"Bernadette?" Sebastian asked, tapping his chin. "She doesn't leave the manor. Apolline likes to do her own shopping, and so our elf stays here, keeping the chateau in order."

"It's an infuriating mystery," Harry muttered, leaning against the wall. "Do you think this could be Augustin Dumont?"

"Where did you hear that name?!" Sebastian demanded.

"You informed the British and, I imagine, other neighboring ministries that he was on the loose," Harry lied. "I am not without some contacts."

"It's a possibility that I've considered," Sebastian admitted. "That son of a bitch is one of the worst ones I ever took in. The head of my department at the time argued for the death penalty, but the judge refused and locked him up. Now, instead of being a head shorter and rotting in the ground where he belongs, he's free."

"I heard a little about him, and he sounded utterly vile, but do you think he'd have the knowledge to pull something like this off?" Harry asked. "Using that particular curse was stupid on the part of our perpetrator simply because it's so rare."

"It's circulated around the darkest families for centuries, though," Sebastian sighed. "I'll admit it's rare, but it's not like something only a dozen people in the world know about. As for your question, I'm of two minds. Dumont was a monster of unimaginable proportions and one of the most dangerous men I've ever fought, but he was a brute. His only talents were violence and potion-making, and his operation was simple, if utterly disgusting."

"How so?" Harry asked.

"He'd find Veela down on their luck and act like a rich widower," Sebastian replied. "They'd inevitably show interest, go with him, and then he'd spike their drugs with lust potions so he could keep them as 'willing' whores."

"How did he keep them from transforming?" Harry asked, only to freeze as Sebastian's eyes went wide, realizing that he'd just admitted to Fleur's father that he knew about that.

"He had these runic collars that he used," the older man replied, choosing not to have that particular conversation. "Those he had gotten somewhere else. Anyway, this is what I mean about it being a simple operation. He kept them chained up, going from safehouse to safehouse and pimping them out to whoever would pay."

"He was dangerous, though," Harry pointed out. "I heard he killed three aurors."

"Good men, all of them," Sebastian replied stiffly, his eyes going hollow for a moment. "By the time we found them, he had more than a half dozen Veela and had become rather wealthy, so he had heavier security than we realized going in. Bad intel cost three good aurors their lives, but we managed it. Dumont and his men were taken in and the girls were free. He was a dangerous duelist, but like I said, he was a brute. I have considered him as a possibility, but I don't think it's that likely because I can't picture him pulling something this sophisticated off."

"You're not wrong about the nature of it," Harry nodded. "Whoever did this needed to be able to not only pull off what is a very difficult curse but break in here undetected first and switch your quill with the cursed one."

"That's the part that worries me most," Sebastian sighed. "If they could do that once, they could do it again. That's why I sent Gabrielle to stay with Louis for a few days while I tried to figure out how they did it. Security around here has also been improved, and if they hadn't spotted Fleur with you, a team of aurors would have attacked within seconds of your arrival."

"Best we avoid that," Harry replied. "Anyway, Monsieur Delacour…"

"Sebastian," Sebastian replied.

"Sebastian," Harry amended. "I understand if you want to leave this in the hands of your aurors, but I would ask that you use my knowledge as needed. I am here to help."

"If they come across something that they don't recognize, I will write to Fleur," Sebastian replied, and Harry nodded, figuring that that meant no.

In truth, he couldn't blame him for his reluctance to work with him, given that they barely knew each other and he was still a student, but it was annoying anyway. Still, speaking with him about the case had been a little enlightening, especially getting his take on who Harry had figured was the most likely suspect that he'd come across in the case files he and the others had gone through. The two of them went upstairs and found a clearly irritated-looking Fleur waiting for them.

"Did you find anything?" she asked.

"No," Harry replied, shaking his head.

"Would you two like to stay for dinner?" Sebastian asked. "It would be nice to get to know Harry here in less official circumstances."

"That sounds nice," Fleur replied once Harry smiled.

"What are you having?" he asked.

"Apolline has been working on a pot of bouillabaisse all afternoon to take her mind off of things," Sebastian replied, and Fleur and Harry smiled at each other. "What?"

"Well, that was actually the first thing Fleur and I ever talked about," Harry replied, taking her hand as the three of them walked towards the dining room.

*****

"He was as little help as you figured he would be?" Akeno asked hours later, and Fleur just sighed.

"I never expected my father to help me work on dangerous criminal cases," Fleur muttered, "but part of me hoped that learning just how capable 'Arry is would help convince him to at least work with him."

They were getting a display of just how capable Harry was just then as they watched him spar with four of the Gremorys' guards. They had him surrounded and were lobbing a barrage of magical strikes at him, but he glided between them with ease in the air, blocking anything he couldn't dodge. They had been at that for a while, with Grayfia wanting to see him defend himself against such attacks. The maid stood off to the side, watching intently and evaluating his every move. This wasn't the first such training session, not even close, but it was the first that had gone on this long without him taking a hit.

"He's gotten better," Rias murmured, but Grayfia didn't commenting keeping her unblinking red eyes trained on him.

"Now," she commanded, and Harry redirected one of the guard's energy balls at another of them, forcing him to dodge.

He rushed towards the nearest one, making it look like he was going to punch him in the face before whipping around and elbowing him in the gut while throwing a bolt of lightning at one of the others. He shielded against it, but barely, and when the other two sent twin bolts of purple light at him, he pulled the still-stunned one behind him around, using him to shield against the spells. Nothing they were using was fatal, but he cried out as both spells hit his back, and Harry grinned, hurling him towards one of his other foes. Summoning rocks, he sent one barreling towards the man as he moved to catch his comrade and chuckled when it hit him square in the head, only to grunt as a conjured blade nicked his shoulder.

"Enough," Grayfia commanded, and all five of them returned to the ground. "You've improved somewhat, and your reflexes are significantly better, but your casting grew slow the more pleased you became with yourself."

"I know," Harry nodded, aware that he'd enjoyed himself a little too much at the end there. He had been forcing himself to learn how to fight differently since he arrived, and this was the first time that he'd noticed undeniable progress on that front. That made him momentarily cocky, which took his focus away from his remaining foes.

"A far cry from the guy who I used to chase around the Room of Requirement," Rias smiled, kissing him softly. "You okay?"

"Just a scratch," Harry shrugged, regretting it as he did so.

"Even still, I wouldn't mind bandaging you up if..." Rias went to say when Hermione came rushing over.

"I found something," she announced as she landed.

"What?" Fleur asked, immediately interested.

"I was looking through the library for connections to Celeste Lestrange when I found one to Augustin Dumont," Hermione replied. "It turns out that one of Celeste's cousins, Isabelle, helped him escape."

"The Lestranges are connected to every major family in France, so that isn't too surprising," Fleur murmured. "How did she do it?"

"With a letter," Hermione replied, pulling a stack of neatly folded letters out of her pocket. "She had been slipping him letters for a while, something that she was able to do because she worked at the Citadelle."

"She worked there?" Fleur hissed.

"For twenty years," Hermione replied. "It turns out that she and Augustin fell in love, and she devised a way to sneak him out. Letters to prisoners are very well examined to make sure that they don't contain things they shouldn't, but as a guard there, she was able to sneak things in that otherwise couldn't be."

"So what, did she make one of the letters into a portkey?" Luna asked.

"I doubt that that would have worked," Harry murmured. "Their wards would stop them from working, and if this Isabelle Lestrange tampered with them at all, the aurors would have discovered that in their investigation."

"You're right," Hermione replied. "She didn't make the letter into a portkey; she enchanted it with space expansion charms."

"Wait, she turned it into a sort of enchanted trunk?" Harry asked.

"The spellwork she described in one of the last letters she slipped him sounded really impressive," Hermione replied. "She created a little pocket in the parchment and then expanded that enough that it could fit a man inside. Once he was safely in the letter, she was able to smuggle him out the front door at the end of her shift."

"Was she not investigated?" Fleur glared.

"Everyone was, but from what I could find of the investigation, she hadn't worked in that section of the prison for a couple weeks so they didn't consider her that likely a suspect," Hermione replied.

"Well, we have a lead at least," Rias piped up. "How likely do you think it is that this Dumont guy is the one who cursed Sebastian?"

"He didn't seem to think it was that likely," Harry replied. "Apparently he's more brawn than brain, and while he's dangerous, Sebastian didn't think he'd be the sort to delve into something this esoteric, but…"

"Is Isabelle Lestrange?" Fleur asked.

"At the very least, we have a potential lead on where he is," Hermione said. "Now, do we bring this to the aurors or…"

"I don't see the point," Fleur muttered. "Papa doesn't want us working on this at all, and they'll just freeze us out if we do."

"If we get our hands on him, we'll be able to interrogate him more thoroughly than they would anyway," Harry added.

"I can help with that," Akeno grinned.

"Well, we can check out Isabelle's last known address tomorrow," Hermione replied. "She retired about six months after his escape, and I haven't been able to find much in the way of addressed mail to her since."

"Given what a piece of shit we're dealing with here, he may well have killed her," Fleur scowled.

"Perhaps, but it's a lead all the same," Harry replied.

"It's been a long day, and you all seem understandably stressed out," Rias murmured. "Why don't we all go back to my room, have the servants bring us food and drink, and try to distract ourselves?"

"That sounds wonderful," Harry replied.

"Perhaps we can skip the food," Fleur said breathily, and he grinned at her.

She'd been struggling ever since her father collapsed, and as he looked at her then, he saw a spark of hope in her eyes that he hadn't in days. They had no idea if Augustin Dumont was actually the one who had cursed her father, but he was a believable suspect, and the progress they'd made in just a day of investigating had filled her with hope that they could solve this in time.

"We can eat later," Rias purred, and the six of them flew off towards her bedroom, vanishing each other's clothes the moment they closed the door behind them.

"Mmm, Hermione, I think you're already seeing the benefits of devilry," Akeno purred, cupping the brunette's arse, and she shivered.

"What...what do you mean?" she asked.

"Most newly made devils experience minor changes to their appearance within the first few weeks," Rias explained. "Your ass has gotten fuller, as Akeno was about to point out, and that isn't all."

"I...my bra has seemed a bit tight lately, but I figured that was just natural," Hermione replied, her hands going to her bushy hair. "I have found my hair to be a little more tamable lately, but I just blamed that on the perfect humidity in the castle."

"Will my breasts grow too?" Luna asked. "Because I would like that."

"It all depends on your desires," Rias replied, "so yes."

"So even if we don't experience dramatic changes like Harry did, we can still be changed?" Hermione asked.

"My experience was pretty unique for obvious reasons," Harry replied. "I must say, though, all three of you do look good."

"Only them?" Akeno asked, and he chuckled.

"Of course not," Harry replied, pulling her in and kissing her deeply, "but you two were already devils, so you being hot as hell makes sense."

"I don't think I've changed much yet," Fleur replied, cupping her breasts and seeing if they felt any heavier.

"Well, you were already perfect," Luna smiled, and the Veela kissed her.

Akeno broke the kiss and captured Rias' lips instead, letting Harry pull Hermione over. The six of them paired off, making out passionately as they all found Rias' enormous bed, and soon they were swapping regularly, their hands, lips, and tongues roaming all over each other as they fed their endless passion. For Fleur, that made it even better, as she found that in the sea of perfect flesh and the pleasures that came with it, she was able to distract herself completely. After a while, she found herself straddling Harry, grinding her increasingly wet cunt on his rock-hard shaft while he sucked on Akeno's nipples and fingered both Hermione and Luna.

"I have an idea I've wanted to try out for a while," Rias smirked as she watched the show, leaning back against her headboard. "One that I think you'll all quite like."

"Oh?" Akeno asked, whimpering as Harry nipped at her hard peak gently.

"It's something we discussed a while ago and never actually got to try," Rias grinned. "Something that would have required three of us to work together."

"You don't mean…" Akeno breathed, her purple eyes going wide as she felt her cunt clench around nothing in anticipation. Rias grinned and summoned a strap-on she hadn't used in quite a while. "Yes!"

"What is...oh," Fleur breathed. "Is that an exact replica of 'Arry?"

"There is, believe it or not, a little more to me than my cock," Harry quipped, and she slapped his chest playfully.

"You know what I mean," Fleur giggled, her eyes widening for a moment as a thought occurred to her. Moving off of him, she looked to Rias and said, "Hold it up against him, and we'll be able to see for sure if he got bigger."

"You're right," Rias murmured, picking up his cock and holding the dildo next to it.

"You are a little thicker," Hermione replied. "I honestly couldn't say because becoming a devil made everything feel better, so it could have just been that."

"I figured he had," Akeno nodded. "Anyway, stud, how'd you like to fuck me in the ass? I've wanted this for so long now."

"Double penetration," Fleur grinned. "This I have to see."

"Ask me nicely," Harry grinned, and Akeno shivered.

"Please fuck my tight little asshole, Master," Akeno begged. "I'm practically dripping down my thighs at the thought of being filled to the brim by you and Rias, fucked airtight until I scream."

"Like I'd stop then," Harry rumbled, and Akeno shuddered as he kissed her roughly, slapping her ass and spreading the cheeks wide.

Luna cast a lubrication charm on her, cleaning her out and making sure that her arse was every bit as ready for him as it could be, but decided not to stop there. Leaning down, she buried her face between the raven-haired beauty's round globes and started swirling her tongue around her puckered rim.

"Oh, fuck!" Akeno cried, and Harry grinned, kissing his way down along her neck.

"Don't stop, Luna," he said. "If Rias and I are going to give this little slut the airtight fucking she's wanted for months now, we'll need to make sure that both her holes are ready for us."

"By the Lightbringer, I'm so glad you summoned Rias," Akeno whimpered.

"That makes all of us," Hermione grinned as she watched Rias put on the strap-on. "You know, you should probably lube that thing up first, even if Akeno's about to become a fountain."

"Do you feel what's done to it when you wear it?" Fleur asked.

"It took a bit of work, but I figured out how to enchant it to do that," Rias replied, gasping when she felt Fleur wrap her hand around it.

"Then, you'll get to feel what it's like to have a Veela suck your cock," Fleur grinned, sinking to her knees and wrapping her lips around the bulbous head of the fake shaft.

"Fuck me," Rias gasped, and Harry grinned at her.

"See why we're all so obsessed with that?" he asked before continuing to kiss his way down Akeno's stomach.

"Yes," Rias gasped, grabbing Fleur's head.

"That was what I had in mind," Hermione pouted, and the redhead giggled.

"Just because you can't suck my cock doesn't mean we can have fun," Rias replied, wiggling her tongue at her and Hermione grinned, flying up and pressing her pussy against her mouth.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck!" Akeno cried as he reached her dripping quim and began to devour her hungrily.

With him eating her out and Luna giving her a rimjob, all she could do was hold them both to her and moan in pleasure. It all felt so good, and when she saw Harry's gorgeous eyes take on a mischievous glint, she shivered, knowing exactly what was coming.

"Cum," Harry hissed, pressing his tongue against her throbbing clit as he made it vibrate, and Akeno squealed, cumming hard and squirting all over him.

She writhed in pleasure, needing to be held up by them as it consumed her, and she barely heard Rias cry out across from her.

"It's just not the same without the massive load of creamy cum," Fleur pouted, watching Hermione's eyes roll back into her head as Rias continued to lap at her dripping folds. "It is pretty life-like though."

"I tinkered around with numerous materials before settling on this," Rias replied, pushing Hermione away just long enough to get the words out before pulling her back.

"Oh please don't stop," the brunette moaned, feeling her orgasm build rapidly as the devil's tongue danced through her folds, coming back to her clit again and again in a pattern that was making her mind melt. "Yes, yes, yes, FUCK!"

Rias grinned as the other girl came, drinking down her fluids greedily and holding her up as she nearly fell while convulsing in ecstasy. She let her down gently as her orgasm ended and grinned at the sight of Akeno's still panting form.

"I thought I heard you scream," she purred.

"I think Lilith heard me scream," Akeno laughed. "Man, I hope I never get used to Parseltongue."

"I doubt any of us will," Fleur grinned.

"I know I love it dearly," Luna replied. "I think your bum is ready for Harry's cock now, Akeno. Do you want me to help put it in?"

"Sure," Akeno replied dreamily, flying up and hovering above Harry.

Luna wrapped her lips around his shaft and deepthroated him a few times to get him nice and slick before pointing him up and into Akeno's tightest hole. Harry grabbed her wide hips and pulled her down, groaning with pleasure as he felt her rosette give way for him. She gasped, shivering as she felt herself stretch for him yet again, and sank down further and further until his entire length was buried in her furnace of an ass.

"So fucking hot," Harry moaned, resting his head on her shoulder, and she grinned, reaching around and caressing his cheek.

"You feel pretty hot too, and so fucking big," Akeno sighed. "You're about to feel bigger, too. Come on, Rias, you teased me with this ages ago, and in all the excitement of the year, I nearly forgot, but I want to feel you both inside me."

"As you wish," Rias purred, flying over and slapping her oldest friend's pussy with the strap-on.

"You should let Fleur sit on your face once we're buried inside you," Harry whispered in Akeno's ear as he noticed Hermione and Luna making out frenziedly across from them on the bed. "Then we'll be using all of your holes at once."

"Fuck," Akeno whimpered, looking down at Rias' massive strap-on as she nestled it between her labia. "Do it. Fucking ruin me!"

"Oh, honey," Rias purred. "We ruined you long ago."

"Fuck!" Akeno screamed as she plunged forward, and both Harry and Rias moaned at the sudden change. For Harry, Akeno's molten ass suddenly felt tighter as the pressure from the girthy dildo in her pussy pressed against him through the thin membrane separating them, and for Rias, it felt like the tightest, most vice-tight grip imaginable was clinging to every inch of the dildo, and she actually felt like she was going to cum from the pleasure of it. As for Akeno…

"So full!" the raven-haired beauty cried, her whole body shaking in their arms as they held her tight.

A sheen of sweat formed on every inch of her almost immediately as the intensity of what she was feeling overwhelmed her, and she moaned when Harry reached around and cupped her massive breasts.

"You feel so good around us, baby," he whispered in her ear, nibbling on the lobe. "Do you want us to give you a minute to adjust or…"

"No!" Akeno exclaimed, turning her head to face him with a wild, crazed look in her eyes. "I want you both to fucking destroy me."

"Well, if that's what you want," Rias smirked, pulling most of the dildo out of her dripping cunt and thrusting back in hard.

Harry groaned at the feeling as he pulled back as well, fucking Akeno slowly to begin with as he took a little longer than normal to find a rhythm. He did eventually, though, working with Rias to ensure that every time one of them pulled back, the other was thrusting forward, and soon, they were both pounding into her. Akeno's pleasured screams echoed through the room as she immediately felt herself barreling towards the mother of all orgasms. Nothing had ever felt as intense as this, and even for her, it was nearly too much, but she didn't care. All she knew was that the intensity of her pleasure bordered on pain and that worked just fine for her. Closer to the headboard, she saw Luna sit on Hermione's face, crying out in pleasure as the brunette began to lap her dripping folds, and noticed Fleur watching them.

"Fleur!" she called out as Rias and Harry both picked up their pace, fucking her so hard her breasts bounced on her chest. "Sit on...fuck, right there...my face! Use me!"

"Well, if you insist," Fleur grinned, flying over and resting her thighs on Akeno's shoulders as she moved closer and closer to her face.

It wasn't the easiest position, given that she had to consciously keep most of her weight off of Akeno, but she managed it, pressing her cunt against her eager mouth and grinning down at Harry, who looked utterly focused as he continued to thrust up into her tight little asshole.

"I'm...oh fuck...next," she moaned, and he chuckled.

"Gladly," Harry replied, grabbing one of her legs and leaning up as he brought her foot to his lips.

She sighed in pleasure when he wrapped his lips around her big toe and moaned when she felt Akeno swirl her tongue around her clit. This was exactly the sort of thing she needed to keep her mind from drifting to her troubles. Harry was more than enough for her and would have distracted her just fine on his own, but group sex was even better. Perched on the face of one of her lovers, while another sucked on her toes and she got to watch him and yet another one fuck the first one's brains out together, she could honestly say that her quest to save her father's life was far from her mind, something she needed to be able to say from time to time if she was going to stay sane and thus useful to him at all. She ground her sopping wet cunt on Akeno's face, smearing the devil's lips and chin with her juices, and cried out when she started sucking on her clit.

"Just like that!" Fleur cried. "Don't stop, don't…"

"FUCK!" Akeno squealed, throwing her head back as she went off like a rocket. She came hard, her holes spasming around the pistoning shafts that were rearranging her insides as she squirted all over them.

"Fucking hell," Harry groaned in pleasure as she grew so tight he could barely move. Seeing Fleur's flushed face and realizing that she hadn't cum yet, he beckoned her over, and she quickly planted herself down on his mouth. "Cum for me, love."

Her squeal joined Akeno's as she came hard, and she dug her nails into the bed to keep herself upright. The pleasure thundered through her, making her sob at its intensity, and as she gazed down into Harry's eyes, seeing the sheer love and adoration in them, she actually started weeping.

"Fleur?" he asked, lifting her up, and she just lowered herself down onto the bed, resting her head on his chest and crying as he wrapped his arms around her.

Rias looked over in concern but relaxed when she saw Fleur starting to calm down already. Akeno, meanwhile, was still in space and clung to Rias like she's disappear if either of them let go. Harry stroked her hair and drew random shapes over her back as he stayed buried in Akeno's ass, looking over gratefully as Hermione and Luna joined them and hugged her without a word.

"I'm okay...really," Fleur panted after a moment, wiping away her tears. "Did you cum, 'Arry?"

"Not yet," Harry replied.

"Then pound this little slut until you do," Fleur grinned. "I want to drink every drop of your load from her ass."

"Oh, fuck," Akeno shuddered. "I don't know how many more like that I can take."

"You're a big girl, Akeno," Rias smirked. "I'm sure you'll live."

"Are you sure?" Harry asked.

"I am," Fleur replied. "I think I'll hold off on getting this treatment tonight, though."

"Let's cuddle while we watch them turn Akeno's brain to mush," Luna whispered, and Fleur giggled, deciding that that was a great idea. Lying back, she felt her heart swell as Luna and Hermione cuddled up against her and she watched happily as Rias and Harry started fucking Akeno again. She'd join back in later, but for the moment, she was more than happy to just let the show distract her.

*****

"Don't work too hard, my love," Apolline sighed as Sebastian turned to walk back into his study. "You need to rest."

"I won't overtax myself, I promise," Sebastian smiled softly, and Apolline nodded, kissing him before returning to the sitting room, hoping to distract herself with a book. He watched her leave, his eyes as instantly drawn to her ass as they had been every time he'd ever watched her walk away, and closed the door the moment she'd turned the corner. "What a mess."

He scowled and sat down heavily at his desk, still fuming at the revelation that his assailant had somehow managed to infiltrate his home without being detected. It shouldn't have been possible, and he still had no idea how in the world they had managed it, which made it even worse. Confident in his aurors, he had left the task of determining just who had cursed him to them, wanting to spend the day trying to determine how they'd managed it, but as he sat down then and poured himself a small glass of firewhiskey, his mind raced with possibilities.

"Augustin Dumont is a possibility but not a great one," he thought to himself, recalling the conversation he'd had with Harry Potter earlier.

Under normal circumstances he'd have balked at the idea of his daughter dating a man who knew as much as he did about the darkest of magics, but given that he still had no idea who had come after him or how they'd managed what they had, he figured it wasn't the worst thing in the world for her to have a wizard that powerful around. He'd been tempted to accept his help once he'd learned just what he was dealing with, but he didn't regret turning him down. Under no circumstances did he want Fleur getting involved in something this dangerous, and he knew that if he brought Harry in, that's exactly what would happen.

"I know all too well how difficult it can be to say no to a pleading Veela," he thought to himself.

He continued to think over the most likely suspects from his old cases, realizing that there weren't many he could think of who he'd expect to be able to pull this off, when a sudden thought occurred to him and he reached under his desk. Pressing his right index finger against a round, bronze indent in the underside of it, he didn't react at all as a tiny needle pricked him, taking a drop of blood. With his identity confirmed, the hidden drawer in the very middle of the old mahogany desk popped out, and he moved back to give it room. Reaching inside, he pulled out an old, weathered case file and opened it up.

"Could it be you, you son of a bitch?" he mused aloud as he read through the file.

He didn't really need to at this point, having returned to this particular case again and again for decades, hoping each time that, by some miracle, a pertinent fact he'd missed before would jump out at him and make his most irritating unsolved case suddenly make sense. Setting the file on his desk, he walked over to his fireplace and, picking up a handful of floo powder, tossed it, giving the name of his department at the French Ministry.

"Director?" Julia Arsenault, his personal secretary, asked.

"Is Elodie Balzac in?" Sebastian asked.

"I...I believe so," Julia replied. "Do you want me to get her?"

"Inform her that I wish to see her here at once," Sebastian replied. "She can use the floo."

"One moment, Director," Julia replied. "I really hope you're feeling better."

"As good as I can," Sebastian replied, stepping back.

Less than a minute later, Elodie stepped through, looking at him curiously.

"Director," she nodded. "If you're looking for an update, I'm afraid I don't have much yet."

"I'm not," Sebastian replied. "I trust that you have the investigation well in hand, and I still agree that looking through my old cases for someone with means and a motive is your best bet, but there's another case that I want you to look into."

"Oh?" Elodie asked. "This isn't one of your arrests, I take it?"

"No," Sebastian scowled. "This case goes back further than your career, to my first months on the job. It confounded me as a young rookie then, and it still does to this day."

"You never solved it," Elodie nodded. "Why do you think it might be related to your curse then? Did it involve a similar blood curse?"

"No, it didn't," Sebastian replied. "I have continued to investigate this case periodically for longer than I'd care to admit, and my last time looking into it was some months ago, just before we believe the quills were first switched. I thought I found something, and though I believed that it had turned out to be another dead end, I'm starting to wonder if perhaps I got closer to the truth than I realized."

"What's the case?" Elodie asked.

"A murder from the sixties that I believed was also a missing persons case," Sebastian replied.

"What? Did you think that the corpse was fake?" Elodie asked, confused.

"I thought the fetus inside the victim was fake," Sebastian replied, and Elodie's eyes went wide as he made a copy of the case file he had on his desk and handed it to her. "Now, I'm starting to wonder if I wasn't right all along and I'm in this position now because I got too close to the sick bastard who abducted this poor girl's child nearly thirty years ago."
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Brawlingbard, Fridrich, JTWO and 208 others
voivode_writer
Aug 19, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 36 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Sep 2, 2025
Add bookmark
#787
"Harder! Harder! YES!" Luna squealed as Fleur's eyes fluttered open.

Blinking the unshed tears from them, she saw Harry was in the air, his powerful form covered in a sheen of sweat from the hours he'd spent fucking all their brains out. He was holding Luna by her hips, her convulsing form bent over and nearly limp as he pounded her from behind. Fleur felt her well-fucked cunt clench at the sight of the look of sheer ecstasy on the blonde's face, what little of it she could see through the curtain of hair that had fallen across it. She looked exhausted and in a state of utter bliss, something that she knew all too well was true.

"I swear he's a god," she thought to herself as she sat up, finding that not all the feeling had yet returned to her legs.

Looking around, she saw Rias and Akeno in the corner, kissing languidly and caressing each other's voluptuous bodies as they came down from their own blistering peaks. Hermione, meanwhile, was slumped over on the bed, her ass bright red from the spanking she'd taken, and her gaping quim still leaking copious amounts of Harry's seed. Smirking to herself, and never one to turn down such a tempting meal, she crawled over and buried her face between the girl's plump cheeks.

"Wha tha...oh, fuck," Hermione whimpered as she came to. "Fleur!"

"You taste so good," Fleur purred, her dexterous tongue dancing through the brunette's bright pink folds as she drank as much of Harry's cum as she could.

"Back among the land of the living?" Harry asked with a grin as he landed and gently deposited Luna's limp form next to them.

"So...good," the blonde whimpered, curling up into a ball as she panted for breath, smiling from ear to ear.

"Even after getting fucked like that, it was hard to sleep with all the screaming," Fleur grinned.

"Maybe another round will fix that," Harry rumbled, and she was about to agree enthusiastically when she was hit by something that gave her pause: an unfamiliar arousal.

Being in Harry's bedroom in the Rookery, in the middle of an orgy, arousal was something utterly blanketing the area, and her senses were all alight with it, yet even as distracted as she was, she could still make out a faint trace of someone else in the mix, and it took her a moment to realize that the person in question was outside their door.

"Actually, I need to pee," Fleur replied. "I'm sure Rias and Akeno would be up to tending to you, though."

"If we must," Rias sighed, not even bothering to keep her smile off of her face.

"Well, if it's such a burden, I would never insist," Harry replied teasingly, and she grinned.

"Oh, we're always more than happy for you to 'burden' us," Akeno purred, flying up so she wouldn't have to stand on her shaky legs.

As Fleur watched the two devils embrace Harry, each wrapping a hand around his massive cock, she slipped into the bathroom and quickly cast a spell to let her see through the wall out into the hallway, clapping a hand over her mouth as she realized just what she'd been sensing. There in the hall, just outside their door, was Koneko, the white-haired girl's face pressed against the narrow gap between the door and the frame so she could inhale the sex-laden air coming from their room. Her hand wasn't between her legs, but she was rubbing her thighs together, looking like she was practically purring.

"I knew she had a thing for Harry, but I didn't realize that it was this bad," Fleur thought to herself, chuckling at the girl's plight. "Why in the world would she not just ask Rias if she could join in? She's cute, and we'd all enjoy her, I'm sure."

Realizing that the girl's hearing was probably extraordinary even for a devil, Fleur conjured a piece of paper and a pen so she could write a note before slipping back into the room.

"More, more, more!" Akeno screamed, her ankles by her head as Harry pounded her into the bed on her back.

"Such a needy little slut," Rias grinned, hovering just over her face and letting her wet slit drip on her lips below. "He's fucked you three times tonight, and you're still desperate for more."

"Can't get enough," Akeno gasped as he hit something inside her that made her see stars. "Oh, fuck, Harry!"

"Rias," Fleur whispered, and as the redhead turned around, she slipped the note into her hand.

Koneko's outside huffing the air and looking so horny a stiff breeze could make her cum.

Rias' eyes widened almost imperceptibly for a moment before she destroyed the note and nodded to Fleur, mouthing, "I'll speak to her."

Figuring she'd done enough, Fleur turned her attention back to Harry, embracing him from behind and pressing her large breasts against his muscular back.

"Are you close, my love?" she asked, nibbling on his earlobe as he continued to fuck Akeno hard and fast. "Because I'd love to enjoy another delectable treat like the one you left in Hermione."

"Fucking hell, Fleur," Harry groaned, and she grinned, running her hands over his chest and abs as she kissed his neck.

Eyeing Rias, she bit her lower lip at the lust in the redhead's blue eyes and smirked as she lowered herself down onto Akeno's face, grinding her wet cunt on the raven-haired beauty's eager mouth. Fleur sighed to herself, closing her eyes and soaking in the sheer lust, debauchery, and love she was surrounded by. This was what she needed, a complete and total distraction to keep herself sane, and, as a Veela, there was no better distraction than an orgy like this.

A week had passed since they began to search for the person who had cursed her father, and they hadn't made much progress at all. They had ruled out a few suspects, to their credit, but they didn't seem to be any closer to finding the person responsible, and her father's symptoms had started to come back a couple days earlier. It was easy to feel like she was going to lose her mind, consumed by terror at the thought of losing her father and rage at her inability to stop it. Leaning on the others had become a must, and she really couldn't express in words how much she adored them for how much they'd been able to save her from completely losing it.

"Don't stop, don't stop!" Akeno cried, feeling the pressure inside her build rapidly. "Oh, fuck, I'm gonna cum again! I...I...AHHH!"

She squealed as she came hard, and Harry groaned, letting go and painting her inner walls white with cum. The smell of it made Fleur's mouth water, the potency of his magic and his sheer masculinity making every drop of his seed utterly intoxicating, and the moment he pulled out of Akeno, the Veela dove towards her gaping pussy, slurping down as much cum as she could.

"You got her off before she finished what she started," Rias pouted, and Harry laughed even as he panted for breath.

"Come here, and I'll happily make you scream," he grinned, and Rias shivered, flying cunt-first towards his face and wrapping her pillowy thighs around his head.

A second later, she began screaming like she was being murdered, and Fleur knew even without hearing the buzzing that he was using Parseltongue. Continuing to clean up Akeno with her tongue, she wiggled her arse towards Harry, sighing happily when she sensed his cock grow hard again. Allowing her mind to go blank, forcing all of her fears and worries out, Fleur lost herself again in the beautiful depravity of it all.

*****

"So no one has even visited Celeste Lestrange in years?" Hermione asked.

"That's what the Citadelle's visitor logs say," Harry replied, "and our copies of the few letters she's received and responded to suggest that she has few resources to call on in general."

"We've investigated half the wealthy families in Magical France at this point and found little," Fleur huffed.

"Jules Raymonde turned out to be genuinely reformed," Harry commented, "and Julian Lacroix's family cut him off years ago. Between them, the ones that have died, and the others we've ruled out, I'm increasingly looking at Augustin Dumont. I know your father didn't think it was likely, but…"

"Knowing that he's in league with a Lestrange, I don't think we can just dismiss him because he wasn't that intellectual back in the day," Hermione interrupted him.

"I agree," Fleur nodded, "though we are no closer to finding the two of them than we were a week ago."

"I can't believe that neither of them had properties in their name," Hermione muttered.

"It's not unheard of for purebloods not to," Luna murmured. "Isabelle would have lived at the Lestrange manor, and she definitely didn't bring him back there."

"Their last note just mentioned a safehouse," Harry added, "but it would have been easy enough for them to find some abandoned property somewhere in the area, ward it until muggles couldn't even look at it anymore, and just use it to lay low. From what I've read so far, that's actually a major problem for aurors in general when dealing with suspects that aren't complete morons."

"Luckily, most of them seem to be," Hermione sighed. "Do you know where we put that last note?"

"Just a second...here," Harry replied, summoning it from the folder he'd stuffed it in and floating it over to her.

Hermione opened it up and read aloud, "The house is set up, and we'll be safe there for a while. I can't wait to lose myself in your embrace."

"I guess she couldn't say arms," Harry snickered, recalling that the man had lost one.

"It could be bloody anywhere!" Fleur exclaimed, jumping to her feet and pacing around. "No wonder the aurors haven't found them in all this time."

"Muggle police work must be so much easier," Luna sighed.

It was true, given that muggles couldn't teleport or turn random homes into fortresses with a few waves of a stick. Tracking down an escapee in the mundane world was a far simpler affair, generally, and though he was loath to admit it, Harry finally understood why Fudge reacted so hysterically when Sirius escaped from Azkaban.

"I might have something that could help," Rias murmured as she walked in.

"When did you get back to the Underworld?" Harry asked, wrapping his arms around her and kissing her softly.

"An hour ago," Rias replied. "I flew over to my aunt's palace because my cousin wrote to me."

*****

"Seekvaira?" Rias asked, surprised that her cousin had answered the door personally.

"Not here," the green-haired beauty replied, taking her hand and flying off into the Agares territory.

Curious, Rias went along without question, figuring that this must be important, whatever it was, and she smiled when Seekvaira landed next to a small lake she hadn't seen in years.

"You still come here?" she asked.

"As often as I can manage," Seekvaira replied. "Father has had the entire area declared off limits so whenever I want to just be on my own, whether to train or just clear my head, I can come by without fear. I'm not surprised you remember it."

"The waters are still crystal clear," Rias smiled, kneeling down and dipping her fingers into the cool lake, remembering the handful of times that she and her cousin had played together in this very area when her parents had visited the Agares. "What's going on? You said you had something I'd find interesting."

"I wrote to Mother's contacts in Magical France after you said in your last letter that you'd hit a snag in your investigation," Seekvaira replied, and Rias cocked an eyebrow at her.

"I take it Aunt Minobella doesn't know," she commented, knowing that her aunt would object on principle to favors being done for free.

"No," Seekvaira replied. "I asked about that prison guard you said had helped one of your suspects escape, and they got back to me the next day."

"How did you even manage that?" Rias asked. "I know that Aunt Mini watches the mail like a hawk."

"I have my ways," Seekvaira smirked, and a moment later, she poked Rias in the back, having reappeared behind her.

The redhead shivered and turned around, seeing her smirking cousin looking smug. The most powerful among them could move so quickly that it looked like they'd teleported, and Rias might have assumed that that was what she'd just witnessed, but she knew better.

"You've been practicing," she murmured, and her cousin nodded.

"I'm getting better," Seekvaira replied. "It might not be as flashy as the Power of Destruction, but manipulating time is just as useful."

Rias chuckled at that and sat down, motioning for her cousin to do the same. She knew that Minobella had been disappointed to learn that her daughter didn't inherit the power of the line of Bael, given that both of Venelana's children had, but the inherent ability of the Agares clan was no joke. With sufficient practice, they could learn to erect barriers inside which the flow of time was different than it was normally. Seekvaira could even erect condensed barriers around her own body, allowing her to completely cut herself off from the time flow, though the last Rias knew, she struggled to maintain it for more than a second at a time.

"So you managed to snatch your reply without your mother knowing?" Rias asked.

"Indeed," Seekvaira replied. "I think Father suspected something, but he didn't speak up. I can cut myself off for up to three seconds now, which was enough for that."

"Thank you, really," Rias smiled. "So what did you learn?"

"This Isabelle Lestrange woman sounds like a real nutcase," Seekvaira replied. "She's a complete loner and has been for years, having few if any friends, and even when she lived at her family's manor, it seems that she wasn't close to any of them."

"That was what we'd come to figure by now," Rias nodded.

"She did have one friend, though," Seekvaira replied. "A Charlotte Corbin."

"She wouldn't have been interviewed at the time because the local authorities didn't connect Isabelle to our suspect," Rias nodded. "Do you know where she lives?"

"I do indeed," Seekvaira replied, handing her a rolled-up note.

"Thank you," Rias smiled. "You've been a big help."

"We're cousins," Seekvaira shrugged, "and I haven't seen nearly enough of you lately. Have you figured out what you're wearing to the ball?"

*****

"Charlotte Corbin," Hermione muttered to herself, looking through the files. "We don't have anything on her in here."

"It's a lead at least," Fleur said. "Shall we go speak to her?"

"We might not need to," Harry replied. "Part of the reason that we've had so much trouble tracking these arseholes down is that no one we know about has written to them, but maybe this Charlotte has."

"We could check the library first, and if we don't find anything, pay her a visit," Rias nodded. "One way or another, if she knows anything, we will learn about it. I need to get back to Kuoh, but let me know if you find anything."

"Will do," Harry nodded, kissing her gently.

As she disappeared, the four of them flew off towards the library, finding it unusually empty, and began summoning letters written by Charlotte Corbin to Isabelle. They had looked through her correspondence before, even trying to narrow it down to what was sent after she retired, but it seemed that, even with her being a bit of a recluse, some did try to contact her, sending their letters to her old address, and since they still had other suspects to look through, they hadn't decided to try and go through everything back then. With a specific name to help narrow things down, though, they were able to narrow in on just a handful of letters.

"They're still addressed to the Lestrange Manor," Fleur sighed, scowling as she looked down at the first one she came across, finding it dated just over a year ago.

Only her father Jacques' angry journal entries about how she'd up and disappeared without a word and hadn't had the courtesy to give them a forwarding address had kept Fleur and the others from trying to speak to him themselves. They were being somewhat wary of interviewing people directly, not wanting to draw the ire of the aurors, when they wanted them focused on Sebastian's case, and with the library, they had been able to find enough evidence so far to rule people out without having to speak to them.

"That's odd," Luna said as she read through one of the letters.

"What is it?" Harry asked.

"This one speaks like Charlotte knew that she'd moved in with a man," Luna replied. "Look, in this section, she wrote, 'I hope you're enjoying your new abode and beau.'"

"So she knew about the move and wrote like she expected Isabelle to read it but addressed it to her old home," Fleur said, confused. "Something's strange here."

"None of the other Lestranges seem to know where she went from their journals and letters," Hermione pointed out, "and her father in particular was still complaining about having no forwarding address as of a few months ago."

"Hmm, I wonder," Harry thought to himself. "Look through the others, and let's see if there's anything that hints at an actual conversation between them."

"You have an idea?" Fleur asked as she picked up another one.

"It's a possibility," Harry replied, opening one of them.

"Here!" Hermione exclaimed. "Your new home sounds so beautiful. It's just a shame that you have to live near so many muggles."

Harry grinned and grabbed one of the envelopes, clearing his mind and trying to sense any magic on it. "Here you are."

Recognizing the charm on the parchment, he reached out and undid it, watching as the letters on the page rearranged themselves.

"Guérigny?" Fleur asked.

"Do you know of it?" Harry asked.

"Not offhand, but...we have them," Fleur replied, feeling excitement course through her as, for the first time in days, she felt hope.

"We'll need to check all of the letters to see if there's any reason to think that might have moved on yet," Harry pointed out. "In the meantime, if you could check and try to find this place on a map, we'll be able to move in once we're sure."

"Of course," Fleur nodded. "I know where Nièvre is, and maps of the department shouldn't be hard to find in here."

Even if it turned out that they had moved on, this was the first major lead they'd gotten since they started investigating, and the possibility that they might actually manage to track down Dumont was exhilarating. She knew that her father didn't think it was him, but to Fleur, it just made too much sense. The brutal way that her father ended up taking him down, the sheer violence that the man was capable of, and the Veela connections, it all fit, especially if he found in Isabelle Lestrange someone knowledgeable enough in dark magic to help him pull this off. There were still so many unanswered questions, but they could be answered if they managed to find the bastard.

Setting her excitement aside, she picked up a map book of central France from the library and started searching for Guérigny.

*****

"You wanted to see me?" Koneko asked as she walked into the Occult Research Club's meeting room, and Rias nodded, closing the door with a wave of her hand.

"Yes, I did," Rias replied. "You've nearly finished your first year here, and I just wanted to hear what you've thought of it so far."

"It's okay," Koneko shrugged. "You and the others helped me catch up on what I needed to, and it's been good enough. My grades should be fine."

"I'm sure they will be," Rias nodded. "Have any boys here caught your eye?"

"Wha...what?" Koneko spluttered, her blank expression giving way to panic for just a moment. "No. The guys here, what few there are, are either boring or complete douche-nozzles. Kiba would be the obvious exception, of course but, he's a friend."

"Right," Rias nodded. "What about outside of here?"

"Rias, I don't know what you think you've seen, but…" Koneko went to defend herself.

"Koneko, it's alright," Rias smiled. "I've seen how you look at Harry, and I'm not mad."

"It would be weird if you were, given everything, but I swear there's nothing there," Koneko replied. "Harry's an incubus, and he practically reeks of sex, even when he doesn't actually smell like it, and that has taken some getting used to, but I will, I swear."

"He's triggering your enhanced senses?" Rias asked.

"Something like that," Koneko muttered. "Look, for most nekomata, a guy like that would be like catnip, pun intended, but I have better control of myself than that, so you have nothing to worry about."

"If I'm worried about anything, it's you," Rias replied, and Koneko stiffened.

"I'm fine," she muttered.

"No, you're surviving, and those aren't the same thing," Rias sighed. "I've kept quiet because I figured that, more than anything, you needed space, but I just don't want you to go the rest of your life thinking that you need to keep yourself emotionally frozen…"

"You don't know what it's like," Koneko hissed. "I'm not just a devil, and I don't just have devil urges and instincts. I know what can happen when someone like me lets go and where that leads, and I refuse to become like that...like her."

"Any newly turned devil can become a stray," Rias sighed. "It's always tragic, even when it doesn't end as badly as things did in her case, but it happens, and if I thought that you being a nekomata would increase the likelihood of that happening, I never would have made you my rook."

"What...what are you saying?" Koneko asked.

"I'm saying that you could live to be thousands of years old because of the gift I gave you and that would be a tragic waste if you spent all that time not actually living," Rias sighed, standing up and walking around her desk. "Come."

Koneko stood up and froze as Rias wrapped her arms around her. Holding the unfortunately stiff girl in her arms, she ran her fingers through her white hair, grazing her scalp with her nails.

"I know you're scared, Koneko, and I understand why," she whispered.

"She ruined everything," Koneko muttered, sounding numb. "She was all I had left after our parents died. We were lucky to be taken in as we were by House Naberius, and she just...blew it all up."

"Like I say, any newly turned devil can go that way, but you've been one for months now," Rias whispered.

"She didn't go wrong immediately either," Koneko sighed, and Rias did too.

"Perhaps not, but I haven't seen a single sign of there being anything wrong with you," the redhead insisted, "and that isn't because you work so hard to numb yourself."

"Isn't it?" Koneko asked bitterly.

"No," Rias replied, cupping her cheek and raising her head until she could look into her golden eyes. "You're never going to fully move past what your sister did if you insist on keeping yourself so withdrawn. You're surrounded by people who have been forced to come to terms with trauma and grief, and you know that you can speak to any of them about it as well as me."

"Wow, we really are all fucked up in one way or another," Koneko said as she thought about it. "Only Fleur's an exception, and, well…"

"We'll hope to keep that from changing," Rias sighed. "My point is, that continuing to fight yourself like you are is only going to cause you further harm."

"I'm doing fine," Koneko insisted.

"Huffing the air outside my bedroom while we were having an orgy isn't you being fine," Rias replied, and Koneko went white as a sheet.

"I...I…" she stammered.

"I'm not angry," Rias replied. "I'm just concerned."

"He...he drives me insane," Koneko hissed, glaring at the ground. "The smell of him, the sight, the sound of his infuriatingly deep voice, I…"

"You're attracted to him," Rias smiled.

"It goes beyond that," Koneko sighed. "He brings out things in me I don't want to be there."

"But they are," Rias smiled, "and they're not bad things, despite what you think. Your attraction to Harry is one of the first things that you've felt since the incident. That's progress, and I think it would help you to explore it."

"Do you get off on watching him with the others?" Koneko blurted out, and Rias laughed.

"It's not a fetish thing for me, if that's what you're asking," the redhead replied. "I love him, I like seeing him happy, and the two of us have very similar tastes in women."

"Tastes that I doubt include me," Koneko muttered, running a hand over her nearly flat chest and then gesturing to Rias.

"You look younger than you are, but you are very pretty," Rias insisted. She got the sense that Koneko would have been a late bloomer either way, but it hadn't escaped her notice that her breasts had gotten even smaller after she became a devil, her inherent powers responding to a desire that she imagined had a lot to do with looking as little like her older sister as possible. "I'm just saying that if you wanted to get to know Harry better, not only would I not mind, I would actively encourage it. It would be better than torturing yourself every time we have sex, something that I guess has been going on for a little bit now."

"I'll take it under consideration," Koneko replied, her face burning with embarrassment at the knowledge that she'd been caught.

"That's all I can ask," Rias replied. "Oh, by the way, I left a small gift on your bed back home."

"Oh?" Koneko asked.

"You'll see," Rias smiled, and Koneko was so distracted that she didn't notice the devilish glint that appeared in her eyes for a moment. "I need to check on the others, so I'll probably see you tomorrow."

With that, she disappeared, leaving the embarrassed nekomata alone. Grumbling to herself, she teleported back to the Rookery, marching into her bedroom, only to freeze when she saw what had been placed on her bed. It was a black, buttoned-up shirt, crumpled in a way that made it immediately obvious that it had been worn and not washed, though the smell emanating from it could have told her that. Clenching her fists at her side, she stared down at the garment in rage, even as the mix of woodsy cologne, sweat, and the telltale sex essence of an incubus made her brain tingle.

She should have torn it up and thrown it out, and even ordered one of those odd elf creatures to clean her sheets as well just to be safe. As she walked towards it, though, feeling her pussy grow wetter every time she inhaled, she knew that she wasn't going to do any of that, and by the time she reached the bed, she'd already spelled away her clothes. Picking up the shirt, she buried her face in it, inhaling deeply and letting out a shuddering breath.

"What's...wrong with me?" she stammered, her hand sliding down along her flat belly to the hairless quim already leaking profusely.

Her arousal dripped down along her thighs, and the moment her fingers found her netherlips, she cried out, falling onto the bed with her face still covered by Harry's shirt. She was glad that her classes were nearly over because she doubted that she was going to have time for homework any time soon.

*****

"It will never end up in any peer-reviewed papers, but I think incubus-dick-therapy might have real potential," Rias thought to herself with a grin as she appeared in her family castle, spotting her father gleefully looking over some document. "Something cool you found in the library?"

"Indeed," Zeoticus replied happily, and Rias couldn't help but smile. She didn't think that she'd seen her father as excited in her entire life as he'd been since they set up the library. "Nothing worth getting into just yet, but I think it might have a great deal of potential. If you're looking for Harry, he and the others left a little while ago."

"Oh," Rias nodded. "Thank you."

Reaching out to Harry, through their bond, she sensed he was on Earth, somewhere in Western Europe and, figuring he was like in France, she teleported to Paris. Turning herself invisible, she let her wings spring forth and flew south, quickly realizing that they were likely in some very small town. As she drew closer, she got the sense that Harry knew she was coming, and just after the small, quaint town came into view, she saw him wave from a nearby rooftop and landed behind the building, letting herself be seen as he joined her.

"Hey," Harry smiled as he hugged her. "I didn't know you were coming."

"I really need to remember to recast our communication spell," Rias chuckled. "I didn't have a lot to do back in Kuoh, as we really are just wrapping things up in my classes. I take it that Charlotte Corbin ended up providing some useful information?"

"Not directly, but yes," Harry replied. "We managed to get the address of Isabelle and Augustin's safe house. We were inspecting the wards when I sensed you approaching."

"Then I came at the right time," Rias grinned. "Why carefully unravel what I can just destroy?"

"I like how you think," Harry grinned. "Come."

He took her hand and led her out into the streets, the pair of them eliciting a few curious glances from the locals.

"This place is lovely," Rias sighed as she looked around.

"France in general is beautiful," Fleur murmured as she joined them. "Hermione and Luna are just about done cataloging everything. The sheer number of magical traps we've found so far…"

"Given what your father and his aurors ended up facing when they took Augustin down the first time, we would be wise not to underestimate him, especially since we have no idea what to expect of Isabelle," Harry cautioned, and she nodded.

"I know," Fleur said. "I just hope this ends up being it. I spoke to Mama earlier, and they think his second wave of symptoms has started. Painful red splotches have appeared all over his body, and the healers say it looks almost like shingles, but they cannot treat it."

"It's the curse," Harry sighed. "It will subside in a couple days, but it's going to be deeply unpleasant until then."

"I swear I am going to castrate that son of a bitch," Fleur hissed. "If he is the one responsible, he will not get another chance to escape prison."

"We could always dump him in Cocytus," Rias chuckled, and before either of them could ask about that, Luna rushed out to speak to them.

"We think we've got all the wards and other traps identified," the blonde reported. "Hermione thinks it will take even you quite a while to get through them, Harry, but if Rias can destroy them all…"

"We don't need them all destroyed," Harry clarified. "We just need a clear path. Have either of you managed to detect anyone inside yet?"

"No," Luna replied.

"I think they're out," Hermione commented as they reached her. "If we can get inside, we could arrange an ambush for them easily enough."

"Agreed," Rias nodded, reaching out and getting a sense for the kind of wards and curses that had been left out to deal with would-be intruders. "Nothing that I'm feeling so far seems to be particularly rare or impressive."

"I noticed that too," Harry said, deciding not to comment on what it suggested, though from the way that Fleur's face tightened, he knew that she came to the same troubling conclusion.

They were looking for someone extremely knowledgeable in rare or obscure curses, and the lack of anything more complex than basic alarm wards and organ-melting curses didn't suggest that this was the home of such a person. Still, they wouldn't know for sure until they actually investigated the couple properly, and as he watched Rias carve a path through their defenses like they were nothing, he hoped that they'd get the answers they were looking for soon.

"That should do it," Hermione nodded, unlocking the door and opening it carefully.

There were more basic wards inside, which Rias took care of quickly, and soon enough, they were inside the small, two-floor house, looking around at what was a pretty well-furnished home, though as Harry looked more closely, he realized that it wasn't a terribly well-cleaned one. There was dust everywhere, so much so that it didn't look like anyone had been there in days, and he winced when he heard Fleur let out a frustrated huff.

"I don't think they've been here for a while," she muttered.

"It doesn't look like it, but it doesn't look like they moved either," Harry replied. "This place wasn't set up like a temporary home, and nothing that we saw in the case files suggested that the aurors believed they'd ever gotten close to Augustin."

"A man like that would have more enemies to fear than the aurors, I imagine, but you are right that it doesn't look like they left this place willingly," Rias replied. "It's not hard for wizards and witches to shrink down and move their furniture, and some of these pieces are exquisite. This cabinet, for example, looks centuries old."

It was an ornate wooden cabinet, the edges and claw feet of which had been gilded. Harry hovered a hand over it and detected a number of particularly nasty curses woven into it, suggesting that attempting to open any of its drawers would end poorly for them if they didn't take care of them first.

"Oui, it looks genuinely quite old," Fleur nodded. "I would guess at a glance that it goes back to the ancien regime, perhaps early in the reign of Louis the Fifteenth."

"That would make sense," Hermione murmured. "From what we've heard of Augustin Dumont, I might not expect him to have particularly distinguished tastes, but Isabelle Lestrange was a member of an old noble family. Half the stuff here could belong to them."

"Which would add to the theory that they didn't just leave here," Luna added, resting a hand on Fleur's shoulder. "Maybe they went on a short trip and will return. We could camp out here and wait for them to return."

"We don't have time for that," Fleur muttered. "Let's look around and see if there's anything suggesting where they went."

"Agreed," Rias nodded. "Harry and Fleur, you two check out upstairs; Hermione and Luna will look around the first floor, and I'll check out the basement."

"Okay, but I'm going to warn everyone not to touch this cabinet until we've had a chance to break the curses on it," Harry replied. "They feel more dangerous than anything that we saw outside."

"That's...odd," Luna murmured, furrowing her brow in confusion as she stared down at the cabinet.

"Not if it belonged to the Lestranges as I suggested," Hermione said. "Think about half the ridiculously cursed things we found in Grimmauld Place."

"That's true," Luna conceded, and the pair of them began searching the first floor while Harry and Fleur flew upstairs.

"Mon dieu...ow," Fleur breathed as they opened the door to the main bedroom.

"I'm going to go out on a limb and say that whoever furnished the rest of this place brought that thing in under protest," Harry chuckled.

In the middle of the room, taking up a lot of the space, was a heart-shaped bed covered in blood-red sheets.

"It's...hideous," Fleur chuckled despite her mood. "Needless to say this didn't go back to the seventeen-hundreds."

"The seventies, more like," Harry chuckled. "Check out their closet, and I'll look through their dressers."

"There are no defenses up here at all," Fleur commented as she looked around warily.

"Presumably they figured if anyone got up this far, they were fucked anyway," Harry replied as he started riffling through their clothes.

Curiously, while the dressers looked like they hadn't been touched in weeks, they hadn't been emptied out either, and the more that Harry looked through them, the more confused he became.

"Do you think something could have happened to them?" Fleur asked after a couple minutes, poking her head out of the closet and giving him a worried look.

"There were no signs of a struggle downstairs," Harry replied, "and the wards outside hadn't been touched. I will admit, though, this looks increasingly like the two of them just vanished."

"Merde," Fleur spat. "They are our best suspects."

"And there are ways to track people down, love," Harry assured her. "Our biggest problem before was the fact that we had nothing at all to go on. Isabelle had up and disappeared, taking all of her shit with her, according to what we could parse from her family's writings, and Dumont was a prisoner who vanished in the night. They definitely lived here, though. Look."

He picked up a picture of the two of them from the nightstand and held it up for them. Dumont looked more or less like he had in the pictures included in the case file, albeit older, and Isabelle looked like the picture from her employment file. That picture alone was proof of her wrongdoing and would be something to give to the aurors if they didn't end up finding anything of use in the house, something that I doubted would be the case.

"What do you need?" Fleur asked.

"Hair would suffice for a basic tracking charm," Harry replied. "If they purged their external connections, that would complicate matters, but I honestly doubt that Dumont, at least, would remember to do that very often."

"Few do," Fleur nodded. "I'll let you know if I find a brush in here. You check his dresser."

Sure enough, Harry found a comb with a few hairs in it in the top drawer of Dumont's dresser and pocketed it as they finished looking around their bedroom. It didn't turn up much more of interest, and though they found a brush full of Isabelle's hair in the bathroom, the rest of the second floor didn't prove too interesting, with the only other room being one they clearly used for storage.

"That is a lot of junk," Harry muttered as he looked around the room, finding boxes cluttering most of it.

"Unusual, given how neat everything else was," Fleur replied, taking a moment to see if there were any obvious curses on the boxes and grimacing when she realized that some of the contents were, indeed, cursed. "This is going to take careful work."

"This room looks like it was touched even less recently than the others," Harry murmured, opening up one of the only boxes whose content didn't feel fatal and nodding when he saw about a dozen books inside. "We'll look through these later, but my guess is that this is where Isabelle stuck all of the things she took from her old home and didn't have room for. This place is a lot smaller than the average pureblood manor, after all."

"That would make some sense," Fleur nodded. "It would be best to get the others involved, though, given the scope of things. Do you want to go check on them?"

"It doesn't appear that there's much else here to look at," Harry nodded, "and while I will want to check out the attic, we can see if the others have found much first."

They flew back downstairs and found Hermione and Luna examining the cabinet he'd pointed out before.

"The curses on this are really complicated and dark," the brunette said as she sensed them approach. "I haven't been able to identify everything, but what I have recognized makes the wards outside look even more amateurish than I thought."

"I'm pretty sure opening this drawer will fill you with an uncontrollable urge to kill," Luna murmured.

"That's a pretty common one in some of the darker circles of the wizarding world," Harry replied. "Thieves looking to break into well-fortified manors seldom work alone, and making them kill each other is just a practical solution all round. Did you two find anything down here?"

"Nothing indicating where they had gone, but they have definitely gone," Hermione replied. "What food we found had been there for so long that the stasis charms had worn off, and while those generally only last up to a week…"

"It suggests that they left, and the fact that they seemed to take almost nothing with them suggests it was in a hurry," Fleur sighed.

"Like Rias said, a guy like Dumont likely has enemies," Luna reasoned, "and while those two clearly worked to keep a low profile and definitely found a sleepy little town to call home, it's not impossible that one of his enemies managed to find him anyway."

"We found samples of their hair upstairs, so hopefully we'll be able to use that to track them," Harry replied. "In the meantime, I'm going to work on getting this cabinet open. Nothing else we came across was nearly this protected, suggesting that whatever's in here is really worth keeping safe."

"The three of us can check out the attic in the meantime," Fleur nodded, trusting that he knew what he was doing.

"Okay," Luna replied as Hermione nodded.

Harry dragged a chair in front of the cabinet as the three of them left and sat down, reaching out with his senses to determine just what he was dealing with.

"Whoever cursed this thing is an absolute master of their craft," he murmured to himself, "or was."

He had no way of determining just how old the curses on the cabinet were, and for all he knew, it had been some mad Lestrange wizard or witch centuries ago, but either way, he knew more than enough to know when he was dealing with the work of someone truly gifted with the dark arts. Unfortunately for them, he was likely one of the most knowledgeable wizards in the world, and he quickly set about unraveling their work.

"It really is funny to think that, given my age," he thought to himself. "I should be struggling with my O.W.L.s next year, and instead I can reasonably consider myself on the level of the greatest magical minds in the world. Albus Dumbledore, Ecaterina Mikhailova, Lajos Balogh, Klaus Reinhardt, and a fucking teenager."

He chuckled to himself as he worked, realizing for the first time just how much of a mindfuck it would be for most of the people he just listed if they realized he was at least their equal. Having become a devil, he was unlikely to have nearly as many interactions with the magical world as he would have otherwise, going forward, and he couldn't help but think that that was for the best. The ministries would have disliked the idea of someone as young as him having access to the power that he did and made nuisances of themselves, and most probably wouldn't have taken him seriously until he started to grey, even despite that. As much as he'd always retain a certain fondness for the world he'd jumped into eagerly when he first learned of it, happy for anything that could let him escape the Dursleys, it was also something that he wouldn't have truly belonged in even if the evil pieces hadn't worked.

"There you are," Harry muttered to himself as he felt the last curse on the cabinet unravel.

Opening the first drawer he could reach, he found a few quills, an inkpot, and some parchment, all of which he quickly dismissed as irrelevant. He closed the drawer, opening another, and frowned when he saw equally mundane things in it.

"Something that old and ornate likely has some hidden compartments to it," Fleur commented as she flew back in, followed closely by Luna and Hermione.

"Find anything?" Harry asked.

"No," Hermione replied. "They don't seem to have used the attic for much at all."

"There have to be hidden drawers," Harry concluded as he opened the last obvious one and pulled out the simple pair of brown leather gloves inside, "because absolutely nothing in here warranted the level of security I just broke through."

"Daddy bought an old cabinet like this once," Luna said softly, kneeling next to him. "It had belonged to a nice old man who said that he thought that wrackspurts might have laid eggs in it because every time he stood to close too it, his mind went all fuzzy. We never found any wrackspurt eggs, but we did find a hidden compartment containing a bunch of galleons that the man clearly hadn't known were there. They ended up more than covering what Daddy paid for it."

Harry looked at the blonde and smiled when he saw that her eyes had only dimmed for a moment, and even then only a little. It had been a while since she had brought up any of the creatures that she used to speak about often. That had clearly been something that she and her father shared, and that, with him gone, she found herself less willing to think about, and it was nice to see her bring up both of them and her father without looking distraught like she would have months ago.

"How did he find it?" Harry asked.

"He didn't," Luna replied. "I was quite small at the time, and when I crawled under it, I happened to notice that a couple bits of wood under it could be moved. As I jiggled them around, I happened to move them both in the right directions at the same time and a drawer popped right out. Unfortuately, it hit me right in the face, and I wailed, but Daddy took me to Fortescue's and spent a little of the money I'd found, and that made everything better."

Her smile dimmed at that, and Harry pulled her in, kissing her cheek and earning a little half-smile of appreciation from her.

"You have a point," Hermione murmured as she rubbed Luna's shoulder comfortingly. "If this thing does have hidden compartments, there will be some way to unlock them."

"I have shockingly few examples of things like this to draw on," Harry admitted. "The only things Voldemort felt the need to hide were his Horcruxes, so things like this held little value for him."

"Let us try," Luna said, pulling away from him and running her hands over the right side of the cabinet while Hermione searched the left one.

"Rias is taking a while," Fleur murmured as Harry stood up.

"The basement may be more extensive than most," Harry shrugged. "I would sense if she were in trouble."

"We could check on her, though," Fleur suggested, and Harry nodded, figuring that this had a little more to do with her wanting to distract herself than fearing for Rias, who was more than capable of taking care of herself.

"I found something!" Luna exclaimed, and the two of them whipped around to look at the blonde.

"What is it?" Harry asked.

"This little decorative part pushes in," Luna explained, pushing on a little golden fleur-de-lis on the side of the cabinet.

"Oh, there's one on this side too," Hermione said as she saw what Luna was talking about. "Would you like the honors?"

"Okay," Luna replied, moving into position so she could press on both of them at the same time.

Craning her head back, she did so, and the lot of them looked in surprise as a new drawer appeared in the middle, pushing two of the other ones aside. After checking to ensure that there were no curses on it that he'd missed before, Harry pulled it out and reached inside to pull out a very old bottle of cognac.

"A bottle of Martell from...oh!" Fleur exclaimed. "I don't think any of my professors were this old."

"We'll have to check it for poison," Harry reminded her as he continued to dig through the drawer, which was far deeper and more spacious than it physically should have been.

He came across a scroll, which he handed to Hermione, and was about to pull out what felt like a large envelope when he heard her gasp and looked around, seeing her staring down at it in shock.

"It's them," she breathed, showing off the scroll. "They did it."

"Batard!" Fleur exclaimed as she grabbed the scroll from Hermione. "That son of a bitch! I swear when I get my hands on him, I'm going to…"

"I take it that's on Nathresia's Bane?" Harry asked, pulling out the large envelope he'd felt before.

"It's clear instructions," Hermione replied.

"Let me see it?" Harry asked, holding out his hand, and Fleur handed it over, her eyes black with rage.

As she spotted downy feathers appearing on her lover's arms, Luna embraced her from behind, murmuring calming words in her ear. Harry let Hermione take the envelope as he looked at the scroll, an immediate sense of dread filling him as he did so.

"Fuck," he thought to himself, recognizing the handwriting. "I really hoped you weren't involved, Reinhardt."

He hadn't yet tried to question Klaus because he was extremely reluctant to potentially make an enemy of yet another immortal wizard so soon after he'd rid himself of the last one, but looking at the scroll, he knew that the two of them were going to have to have a chat soon. He doubted that Reinhardt had specifically ordered Sebastian to be cursed, as that wasn't his style, and he did find the idea of him helping people as seemingly boring as Dumont and Isabelle odd, but the man always had liked advising wizards and witches on how to cause harm.

"Oh no," Hermione breathed, and Harry was surprised to hear the words not come out of his own mouth.

"What's wrong?" Fleur asked, and Hermione just handed her what she'd pulled out of the envelope.

Harry watched as the Veela turned pale and went to her, needing to take only a single glance at what she held in her hands to know why.

"Australia?" Fleur breathed, feeling like she might stop. "They...that…"

"What's wrong with Australia?" Luna asked. "I know it's far away, but we can teleport."

"The magical community in Australia is sparse, and they barely even have a government," Harry replied. "Losing people there can be incredibly easy, but with the hair samples we have, I…"

"You might be able to do nothing!" Fleur exclaimed. "If they've cut themselves off from their connection to those hairs, they'll have no power you can work with. These pieces of shit cursed my father, and if they've disappeared in Australia, our chances of finding them are close to nil. I...I…"

She started breathing rapidly, stumbling back against the wall as terror overtook her, and all three of them rushed over to her.

"I'm going to fail," she whimpered in French. "I'm going to lose him...I…"

"Hey, hey, we haven't lost him yet," Harry assured her. "This house is full of their stuff, and I am sure that something here will help us track them down. We still have time."

"Fleur, Fleur!" Hermione exclaimed, drawing her attention. "You need to slow down your breathing."

"I can't," Fleur panted, feeling like she was going to pass out.

"I know it seems hard, because you're having a panic attack, but you can," Hermione assured her. "Breathe with me."

"Oh," Harry nodded, realizing what he was seeing. He cast a calming charm on Fleur, who immediately gasped and leaned back against the wall as she felt it take effect.

"Oh, right," Hermione muttered, kicking herself for not having thought of that. She'd read about panic attacks and what to do to help others through them before, but her sources had been written by muggles, and it was what she fell back on when she saw Fleur start to lose it.

"Are you okay?" Luna asked.

"No, but my heart doesn't feel like it's going to jump across the room anymore," Fleur replied. "Thank you, 'Arry."

"Happy to help," Harry smiled, hugging her. "I meant what I said. We can still save him."

"What did you find?" Rias asked. "What did I miss?"

"We think that they might have gone to Australia," Hermione replied. "What did you find?"

"A lot," Rias replied. "Why would they leave all of their things here and move to another continent?"

"That is incredibly weird, but there are all kinds of travel guides and leaflets in here about Australia, both muggle and magical," Hermione replied, holding up the envelope. "They seem to have been thinking about it for a while. Maybe they ended up in trouble and decided to just go there early, intending to come back for their things down the line."

"What did you find?" Harry asked.

"The basement itself looked nearly empty, but that was deceptive," Rias replied. "There are numerous hidden rooms down there, including a ritual room, what is clearly a sex dungeon, and a room that I think they used as a sort of private retreat. It has this enormous hot tub built into the ground and bed in the shape of a heart, if you can believe it."

"They have a similar bed upstairs," Harry replied. "What else was there?"

"One of the oddest decorations I've ever seen," Rias replied, pulling something out of her pocket. "I think it's full of actual blood."

"Oh, shit," Harry said the second he saw what she was holding.

About the size of her palm, it was in the shape of a decorative heart and made of glass, held within a golden frame. The glass, divided into two equal parts, contained a deep red, viscous liquid that was clearly blood, and Harry could tell at a glance that something was deeply, deeply wrong with it.

"What is it?" Rias asked.

"This is an amorvitrum," Harry replied. "A physical symbol of a couple's love, their enchanted to hold their blood and glow as long as they each live."

"It's not glowing, though," Luna pointed out, furrowing her brow in concern.

"Exactly," Harry muttered, taking it from Rias. "I think Augustin Dumont and Isabelle Lestrange are dead."

"Could it have just failed?" Hermione asked as Fleur looked even more horrified.

"I doubt it," Harry replied. "These things are incredibly well-made and really rare. The basic idea was that the couple in question could, so long as one of them was home, always know for sure that the other was alright, just by seeing that both sides of the heart were glowing, sort of like the Weasleys' calender, only way more macabre. There are downsides to them, though, one of which might really come in handy for us."

"What is it?" Luna asked.

"Typically it is possible and, for obvious reasons, a really good idea to regularly ensure that any blood, skin cells, or hair that you've shed is cut off from you spiritually," Harry replied. "The ritual to do that is simple and easy, but if you could cut yourself off from the blood in one of these, it would render it useless, so it's enchanted to ensure that you can't. To use one of them, two people have to willingly spill their blood into the vessels, and once that's done, it is not affected by that ritual."

"So we can use it to track them down," Hermione smiled.

"What would be the point?" Fleur sighed. "If they are dead, then we cannot question them, and my father's only hope is that they left his blood sample here before they left. We should begin searching through the boxes upsta…"

"I wouldn't be so sure," Harry replied. "Fleur, there is something blatantly wrong here. I know who wrote that scroll, and he isn't the sort of man the average dark wizard or witch could just stumble across."

"Who is it?" Luna asked.

"Reinhardt," Harry replied, "the man who helped create Nathresia's Bane in the first place. Finding his home is difficult, and even Voldemort struggled for years to contact him, having heard whispers of a powerful, ancient wizard who happily advised any who managed to seek him out. What we have here is a couple who disappeared, seemingly months ago, based on how abandoned this place looks and when the last letter Isabelle seemed to reply to was dated, who left all of their things behind. They had piss-poor wards outside, but incredibly advanced protective curses on this cabinet that just happened to contain a scroll on the very curse used on your father and a bunch of clues pointing at Australia. I think we're being played."

"You think this was set up by someone else?" Hermione asked.

"I think that whoever set this place up did so on the off chance that it would ever be found," Harry replied. "Think about it. The aurors haven't come here, and we only found the place because we possess a resource no one else in the universe does."

"So the real culprit curses Sebastian Delacour and, knowing enough about the man's cases to know who the aurors might finger as the most likely suspect, leaves a few hints here to lead them on a wild goose chase, not thinking it likely that they'll ever get this far," Hermione surmised. "Could this be an inside job?"

"It's possible," Rias murmured. "People have done worse things to secure promotions. We became so hyper-fixated on the revenge angle that we didn't really consider any other possible motives."

"Fuck," Fleur muttered.

"Well, either way, we should be able to get some answers," Harry replied. "If we can find where these two died, I know a spell that will let me view their last moments, and that might give us some hints. If you could get me a world map, I'll be able to use a drop of one of their blood to narrow down roughly where they are, though we'll need maps of that location to narrow things down better. Luckily, we have a cup of blood with us here, and neither of them can perform that ritual now, so…"

"I'm sorry, a cup?" Hermione asked.

"Each half contains half a cup of blood," Harry replied. "It's one of many reasons why these idiotic things never became popular. I only know about them because Voldemort saw one at an auction back in the early seventies and was horrified by the idea of trusting another living soul with half a cup of his blood."

"I still think it could be worth further examining the contents of this place," Fleur piped up, "just in case you're wrong."

"Oh, I'm way ahead of you," Rias replied. "I'll have my family's servants grab everything and begin sorting through it in the castle. If your father's blood sample is there, we'll find and destroy it."

"Merci," Fleur sighed, grabbing the exceptionally old bottle of cognac and casting a few spells to determine if there was anything wrong with it. Once she was relatively sure that it was safe, she conjured a snifter and poured herself a glass, needing it badly after the last hour.

*****

"That is really creepy," Hermione thought to herself as she watched the small, thick drop of blood roll across the map that Rias had found for them.

Normally, it would have soaked into the paper, staining it irreparably, but there was nothing normal about what she was watching. All around her, Gremory family servants were popping in and out, removing everything from the house for further examination, while the four of them sat around and watched Harry perform an act of magic so dark, it would probably land him in prison if they were all still mortal and got caught.

"Blood calls to blood," he explained as he levitated a single drop of blood from one half of the amorvitrum. "Our magic is in every part of ourselves, and when we lose a part, the magic in it stays, forever calling out to the rest until it rots entirely. That's why things like hair, skin, and, more than anything, blood can be used for so many feats of dark magic. With the spell I have in mind, I'll be able to let either Augustin's or Isabelle's blood lead us right to them."

The droplet sailed across the map, crossing the Americas and the Atlantic Ocean as it narrowed in on Europe, coming to a startling halt right in northern France.

"That's not far from here," Fleur commented, reaching inside her mokeskin pouch for the book of French maps she'd borrowed from the library earlier. "You can use this to narrow it down."

"This is really good, by the way," Luna smiled as she sipped on the small glass of cognac Fleur had poured for her.

"Just remember that it is quite strong," Rias warned her.

"I only gave her an ounce," Fleur assured her.

"Shh," Harry shushed as he levitated another drop of blood from the glass heart and moved it to the book.

He began at the top of it, figuring that it had looked before like it was north of Paris, and a couple seconds later, it stopped right at Compiegne.

"Give me a moment; I'll find a map of this commune," Fleur murmured, flipping through the book as Harry took a moment to breathe slowly and relax himself.

"Is the spell difficult?" Hermione asked.

"It requires a great deal of concentration," Harry replied. "Otherwise, it's not too difficult."

"Here," Fleur said as she found what she was looking for.

Harry nodded and performed the spell again, this time managing to narrow it down to a single small street.

"There," he muttered as he ended the spell and vanished the final drop of blood. "That's as close as I'm going to get."

"We damn near have an address," Fleur smiled. "That is infinitely more than I could have hoped for on my own."

"Let's get going," Hermione smiled. "It doesn't look like it's terribly far from here, and we have hours of daylight left."

"Yes, let's," Fleur nodded.

It had been a long day, full of twists, turns, and a couple moments of abject panic on her part, but they had more reason now to think that they were on the right track than they had since they started. She could only hope that they'd find the answers she so desperately sought when they got to Compiegne.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Brawlingbard, Markuz Black, Fridrich and 234 others
voivode_writer
Sep 2, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 37 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Sep 16, 2025
Add bookmark
#796
"That's odd," Harry murmured.

"What is it?" Fleur asked.

"The dowsing rods are leading me here, but I can't figure out what exactly I'm looking at," Harry replied.

"What do you mean?" Fleur asked. "It's an empty lot; clearly the spot where Dumont and Lestrange were buried, and we just need t…"

She trailed off as she tried to step forward, only to suddenly be hit with a wave of confusion that made her go still.

"See what I mean?" Harry asked.

"Could it be the Fidelius?" Luna asked.

"No," Harry replied, shaking his head. "I would wager that there is a house here and this isn't actually just a bizarrely empty lot between those ones, but it's heavily charmed. If I look away from it, or just down at these rods, I can make sense of that, but when I look up, all I see is a small, unkempt patch of land that I instinctively don't want to go near. This is very well warded."

"Why go to all that trouble, though?" Hermione asked. "Luna's right, and the Fidelius would do the same thing but even better. I doubt that your enchanted dowsing rods would even work if whoever did this had used them."

"They still would," Harry corrected her. "I soaked the left one in Augustin's blood and the right one in Isabelle's, and they would lead me to their bodies even if they were hidden by the Fidelius Charm, though I'd be unable to truly reach them. The Fidelius Charm requires something very particular, though, and it's why Voldemort never cast it in his entire long life."

"What?" Hermione asked.

"Trust," Harry replied. "You can't be your own secret keeper, so you need to be able to trust another living soul to do it. Voldemort couldn't do that, and it's entirely possible that whoever we're looking for is just as neurotic as he was."

"Well, whatever they've done, I should be able to destroy it easily enough," Rias grinned, calling on her powers and reaching towards the empty lot, only to go still. "Wha...what was I trying to destroy?"

"I was afraid of that," Harry muttered, wrapping an arm around the crimson-haired girl as she stumbled back. "Destroying the wards will require us to be able to focus on them, which they're designed to stop us from doing."

"There must be some way to take them down," Fleur fretted, and he ghosted his hand over hers comfortingly.

"We'll be able to pull it off, but it's going to take time," Harry replied. "In the meantime, I want you three to go around and see what you can find out about this lot. The muggles in the area aren't going to know much, as they probably see this place as an odd, unusable plot of land that's just always been this way, so I wouldn't ask about that much, but try to see if anyone remembers seeing someone dressed oddly in the area in the last few months. Augustin and Isabelle probably didn't die too long ago, so if anyone saw a typical wizard or witch around here recently, that would be potentially helpful."

"We'll ask around," Hermione nodded. A moment later, she looked suddenly excited and snapped her fingers, saying, "Oh! This will give me a chance to try out something I've been working on."

"What is it?" Fleur asked as the brunette reached into her mokeskin pouch and pulled out what looked like three small, leather wallets.

"I've enchanted these in ways that I think will come in handy," Hermione replied, opening one and revealing some blank, white paper inside.

"It's blank," Fleur pointed out, and she grinned.

"Keep looking," Hermione said, and a moment later, the paper developed an image that made Fleur gasp.

"That looks like an auror's identification," she marveled. "You would think you were one."

"They're enchanted to take on an image that the person holding it wants and the person looking at it can find believable," Hermione replied. "They come with mild compulsion and calming charms built in too, so while I doubt it would fool particularly powerful wizards and witches, and it definitely wouldn't work on devils or angels, it should work on the muggles easily enough."

"So they'll think we're official agents of whatever organization would believably question them?" Luna asked. "Neat."

"I came across the idea in the twin's notebook," Hermione grinned, and Harry looked at her in surprise.

"Fred and George?" he asked.

"Yeah, I found a number of books in the library that they'd scribbled ideas into," Hermione replied. "This was supposed to be functioning fake IDs for students who wanted to drink in pubs over the summer, but they never figured out how to make it work. I thought it was an interesting idea and managed to succeed where they didn't."

"Speaking of them, I wrote to Ron the other day, and he wrote back," Harry replied. "He's recovered from his run-in with Bellatrix, physically, anyway."

"Yeah, I checked on him too," Hermione sighed. "I know we drifted apart, but I still wanted to make sure he was okay. Anyway, we'll start asking around and see if anyone here has seen anyone suspicious."

"So, how exactly are we going to take down the wards around this place?" Rias asked. "I got a headache just trying to focus on them."

"There are ways to subtly examine a site like this without tripping the outer wards," Harry replied. "They're just really time-consuming and difficult. Once I can isolate the confusion ward and dispel it, it should be easier for the two of us to deal with the rest. We're going to have to be careful, though."

"This isn't amateur work by any means," Rias concurred. "It makes what Augustin and Isabelle put up around their safehouse look like child's play."

"It makes the wards on that cabinet look weak," Harry muttered. "Whoever we're dealing with here is powerful, and I would imagine rather old."

"Do you have any suspects in mind?" Rias asked. "I imagine that Voldemort had a pretty good grasp of the various power players in the world."

"There's one possibility that I really, really hope isn't the case," Harry muttered. "This isn't his style, and I can't think of any reason, from what we've seen so far, that Sebastian Delacour would even be on his radar, but if he's involved at all, things could get very complicated."

*****

"Okay, thanks for your time," Luna beamed a while later as a very confused Frenchman watched a policewoman who looked like she should still be in high school skip across his yard.

The blonde quickly spotted Hermione and Fleur sitting together in a nearby park and joined them, sitting next to the Veela on the bench.

"Did you two find anything?" Luna asked, "Because the people in my section, while nice, hadn't seen much."

"Mine were similarly useless," Fleur muttered.

"One of the ones I spoke to did see someone in what looked like period dress several weeks ago, but he only saw them from the back," Hermione replied. "I'll have Harry take a peek in his mind later, but from his description, I'd say that the person was male, about six foot two, and of a slim build."

"He didn't see his face, though," Luna murmured, and Hermione shook his head. "Well, getting the guy's sex is something at least."

"Provided this man is the one who murdered our chief suspect," Fleur replied, "and even then, he could have been glamoured."

"I think Harry sent us away mostly because otherwise we'd have been standing around outside that vacant-looking lot for a while," Hermione commented. "He'd have sent for us already if he'd gotten in, but do you want to go back and check on him?"

"Actually, why don't we use these ID thingies for their intended purpose?" Luna asked, pointing across the street from the other side of the small park. "That bar looks like it's open."

"A glass of wine sounds divine right now," Fleur sighed.

"Why not?" Hermione asked.

The three of them made their way over to the small wine bar and walked inside, smiling as they saw that it wasn't terribly busy.

"I'm going to need to see some kind of identification from you three," a man said the moment he spotted them, and the three of them handed over Hermione's enchanted papers.

The man looked down at them, his eyes glazing over for a moment as the charms had their effects, and looked up at the three girls, clearly trying to make sense of what he was seeing. After a moment, the compulsion charms did their tricks, and his mind accepted it. Handing them back, he smiled and led to the nearest empty table.

"Would you like to see a wine list?" he asked.

"I'll take a glass of chardonnay," Fleur replied. "Whatever you think is best."

"Coming right up," the waiter nodded, "and you two?"

"I'll have what she's having," Hermione replied.

"Same," Luna added.

"Excellent," he smiled, heading off to get their drinks, and Fleur sighed, burying her head in her hands.

"We're here for you, Fleur," Luna whispered, wrapping an arm around the older girl's shoulders, and Fleur smiled weakly, taking her hand in hers.

"Thank you," she nodded. "I just...I hate feeling so helpless."

"We understand," Hermione murmured softly, "better than anyone."

"Of course," Fleur winced. "I'm so sorry…"

"It's fine," Hermione sighed. Switching to English, she said, "Look, the difference between our situations is that by the time we learned that our parents were in danger, they were already gone. Your father's still alive, and we can still save him."

"Plus, you have an expert on dark magic helping," Luna added.

"I know, and I'm grateful," Fleur replied. "I just keep feeling like my heart is going to collapse in on itself every few minutes, and it's driving me mad."

"Like Luna said, we're here for you," Hermione nodded, and the Veela smiled.

"I love you two," she whispered, and the two girls hugged her.

"Here is your wine," the waiter smiled, setting their glasses down on the table. "Is there anything else I could get you?"

"No, thank you," Luna smiled, though as she noticed something on the wall, she furrowed her brow and called after him. "Actually, could you tell me what these pictures are of?"

Lining the wall near their table was a series of pictures clearly of the bar itself, with the large table in the far corner featuring prominently.

"We host a billiards tournament once a year," the waiter replied. "The pictures are of the final match from each one."

"Oh, cool," Luna smiled. As he left, she asked, "What's billiards?"

"It's a name for a few different games involving cues," Hermione replied. "That's the long, thin stick in the man's hand here."

"We are clearly missing something," Fleur muttered as she set her glass down, half of her wine already drunk. "Augustin Dumont was the obvious suspect in my father's case. Not only was he a prominent arrest on his part who just happened to escape prison, but between the violence of the arrest and the nature of his crimes, there was every reason to think that things would be particularly personal between them."

"And that was the point," Hermione commented. "The aurors were supposed to make Augustin their chief suspect, search endlessly for him, and if they happened to find that safehouse, something that wasn't exactly guaranteed, given how much we had to cheat to pull it off, end up thinking that he and Isabelle Lestrange had fled to Australia."

"They'd then waste their time coordinating with the Australian authorities to search for a couple who never made it there while my papa died," Fleur spat.

"Their bodies would then never be found, and it would remain a cold case forever," Luna finished. "Whoever did this, while evil, is smart too."

"That's the thing, though," Fleur muttered. "We already knew that the person who did this had to be knowledgeable, given the curse used and how they managed to get Papa's blood, and we ruled out half of our suspects on the grounds that they were too stupid to pull that off, but I can't think of anyone we read about who I'd think could pull this off. None of them really struck me as masterminds."

"It could easily be someone we haven't even looked into yet," Hermione mused, and Fleur scowled, downing the rest of her glass.

"In which case, we've wasted precious time looking at dead ends," she muttered. "Genuinely dead in this case."

"Hey, I think we can safely say that whoever killed Augustin and Isabelle also cursed your father, given what we found at the safehouse," Luna assured her, "and that means that we are on the guy's trail. Plus, whoever did this probably didn't think that we'd manage to track down their bodies like we have."

"That's tr…" Fleur went to say, only to trail off as she stared up at the wall. "What the hell?"

"What is...Fleur!?" Hermione hissed as the Veela stood up and took one of the pictures off the wall, examining it more closely.

"Pardon me, miss, but I'm going to have to ask you to put that back," the waiter said, rushing over to them.

Fleur paid him no heed, looking at the picture so closely that her nose was nearly touching it.

"When was this taken?" she asked.

"Miss, please put that ba…" the waiter went to say, only to freeze as her eyes turned black with rage.

"When?!" Fleur shrieked, her voice sounding avian, and both Hermione and Luna jumped to their feet.

"A...a...a few months ago," the waiter stammered, and Fleur put the picture back and left without a word.

"Sorry about her; her father's in the hospital, and we don't know if he's going to make it," Hermione said, taking more than enough francs, out of her wallet to cover the drinks. "Keep the change. Bye."

"Thanks for the wine; it was really good," Luna commented, downing the rest of her glass before rushing after Hermione.

The two of them found Fleur pacing back and forth outside the bar, looking nearly murderous.

"Care to fill us in on what the hell that just was?" Hermione muttered.

"My father was in that picture," Fleur replied shakily.

"Your father is a billiards champion?" Luna asked.

"No, he wasn't competing; he was in the background," Fleur replied. "I had to look more closely, but I know it was him."

"Was he with someone?" Hermione asked.

"Yes, but I couldn't see the other person's face," Fleur replied. "My father, months ago, just happened to have a drink in a bar within walking distance of the place where his would-be murderer has stashed two bodies from a case of his? That can't be a coincidence, particularly because neither our home nor his office is anywhere near Compiegne."

"You think he was investigating something?" Luna asked.

"He hasn't done actual fieldwork in years, or so Maman believes," Fleur replied. "I think he knows more than he's let on, but he's never going to share it with me or Harry because that stubborn fool would rather die than let me help him!"

"Fleur?" Harry asked, and she whipped around, spotting him by the entrance to the bar. "I wondered where you three had gotten...oof."

He grunted as she jumped into his arms and he wrapped them around her tightly, running his fingers through her hair.

"Rias and I got through the wards," he murmured. "She's waiting there for us if you want to come look inside. What did I miss?"

"I'll tell you later," Fleur sighed. "Let's go."

"Later," Hermione mouthed, and Harry nodded, deciding to let it rest for the time being.

The four of them made their way back to the site, and the three girls all gasped as they saw the house that had been uncovered. It was a simple two-story structure, small and unimposing, but what made it stand out was the sheer rot of it. It looked dilapidated and ruined, as though it had been untouched for decades and was barely holding together at all.

"Um, is it safe to go in there?" Hermione asked.

"I'm almost certain that it is," Harry replied. "I think the look of it is an illusion."

"It's been made to look that way?" Fleur asked.

"As a final defense mechanism, yes," Harry replied. "I might be wrong, and we're not going in until I'm sure, but Rias is currently trying to…"

Before he could finish that sentence, the house transformed in an instant, its rotten walls and patchy roof giving way to reveal a perfectly pristine little house.

"As I was saying," Harry chuckled. "Shall we?"

"I imagine we're going to have to be careful," Luna murmured.

"Yes, though it wouldn't shock me if there weren't terribly many traps inside," Harry replied. "Few people could have gotten through everything that our dark wizard or witch put up here, and while there is something to be said for redundancy, it will depend entirely on how big a fan our foe is of overkill."

"We think that it might be a man," Hermione piped up. "Someone I spoke to caught sight of what he thought was a man in period dress walking down this street a while ago. He only saw them from behind, though."

"Hmm, I'll speak to this person later," Harry murmured as Rias joined them, having been searching behind the house.

"I think that's the last of it," she sighed. "The sheer amount of power in that illusion spell was significant."

"What are the chances that entering this place will trigger something you missed and summon whoever owns the place?" Hermione asked.

"Not great," Harry replied. "I was quite thorough."

He unlocked the door and opened it with a wave of his hand before stepping inside. As he suspected, he didn't detect anything immediately and signaled for the others to follow him.

"I'm going to guess that our suspect really is a man," Hermione murmured as she looked around, and Rias chuckled.

"The décor is rather spartan, huh?" the redhead asked.

It was true, and as Harry looked around, he found himself wondering if what furniture he saw wasn't part of yet another illusion, though not the magical kind. There was a table and a few chairs in the living room, though none of them looked like they'd ever been used for anything. The same was true of the few pieces of furniture in the kitchen and dining room.

"This isn't a home," Luna murmured, checking for curses on the counter before wiping a finger through the dust on it.

"It's not very French either," Fleur commented, "though whether that is meant to throw people off or not, I cannot say. Who's checking upstairs?"

"You and Rias can," Harry replied, reaching out towards a door in the main hallway he found and furrowing his brow, "but first, I think we should all look down here."

"What do you...oh," Rias muttered as she felt the power coming from just behind that door. "I almost missed that."

"There was another minor ward on the door, though I dispelled it easily enough," Harry replied. "Stay on your guard in here. We have no idea what we're heading into."

He vanished the door and led the way downstairs, coming to an abrupt halt as he found what awaited him.

"Oh dear," Luna breathed, looking away from the corpses as soon as she spotted them, feeling her stomach lurch.

"That's Augustin," Fleur breathed. "What in the world?"

"Well, at least I didn't throw up this time," Hermione muttered.

Strapped to two tables were the bodies of Augustin Dumont and Isabelle Lestrange. They were utterly nude and covered in little cuts that initially looked random, but Harry realized after a moment were runes.

"He carved into them," he muttered. "What the fuck?"

"Um, didn't Dumont lose an arm to your father, Fleur?" Rias asked.

"He...that's right!" Fleur exclaimed. "How did he regrow it?"

Sure enough, the body of Dumont had a full four limbs, though as Harry picked up the right one and beheld it more closely, he quickly came to a conclusion about that.

"It happened here," he said. "See how pale this is from the elbow down?"

"It had never seen the sun!" Hermione exclaimed. "It looks like these two were...experimented on."

"I suspect that they were," Harry said. "These runes carved into them all feel like they were charged with magic, though it's mostly faded by now. I can't even begin to figure out what they were supposed to do. Voldemort never played around with anything like this."

"So you don't know what whoever did this was trying to achieve?" Hermione asked.

"I can hazard a guess or two, but no," Harry replied. "It looks to me like there were a number of experiments run here. Whoever did this used these two like lab rats."

"I can't say I feel bad for either of them, given Augustin's crimes, but this looks to have been a horrendous ending for them," Fleur murmured. "What sort of monster are we chasing here?"

"The darkest kind, I would wager," Harry replied, looking them over and trying to see if he could find any clues left behind by the person responsible.

"Why just leave them here like this?" Luna asked. "They're dead, and the experiments are clearly over. Why not just bury them, or even vanish their remains?"

"Wizards and witches need to be dead a while before you can vanish their remains easily," Harry replied. "Vanishing charms don't work on living creatures in general, but they also can't be used on the recently deceased because our inherent magic will fight against it. Once the bodies begin to rot and the magic dissipates, it becomes easier."

"This could also be another experiment," Hermione mused. "They look quite well preserved for people who presumably weren't just killed, given how long it took you to deal with the wards outside."

"If they were just killed, though, that could mean that the guy who did this might easily return at any moment," Rias added, and most of them stiffened at that. "Do you see anything on them that might tell us what we're dealing with here?"

"No," Harry replied. "Whoever did this cleaned up the scene well enough, which is interesting given that they had no reason to think that anyone would be coming by."

"So we're dealing with a very clean murderer," Luna said.

"Conceivably," Harry murmured, scratching at his chin as he looked down at the bodies. "There is one way that I might learn a little more about what killed these two."

"What is it?" Rias asked.

"A spell Voldemort found in an old, long-lost tome when he was young," Harry replied. "It's a simple application of necromancy meant to show someone's last moment."

"How so?" Hermione asked, intrigued.

"It conjures an image in light and shadow of how someone died, provided you cast it on the spot that they did," Harry replied.

"So, sort of like the Resurrection Stone?" Luna asked, and he shook his head.

"No," Harry replied. "That actually brought the consciousness of a living being back to speak whereas this just shows a brief moment, sort of like a grainy recording. When we die, especially if we die violently, we leave a trace of energy there, like an imprint in the world, and this spell draws on it. Beware, though, you will see their dying moments."

"Do it," Fleur said, and he nodded.

He gave Hermione and Luna a moment to look away, something they didn't do, before reaching out to Augustin and casting "Loqui Mortis."

Instantly, the body of the dead man became overshadowed by his shade, who squirmed and struggled against his bindings.

"I'll fucking kill you," Hermione said, reading the shades lips. "I'll fucking kill you, you fucking...damn it."

"Died before he could finish that?" Fleur asked, and the brunette nodded. Sighing, she muttered, "Even a slur of some kind might have given us something."

"Loqui Mortis," Harry cast on him again, watching the shade struggle in his dying moments.

"What actually killed him?" Rias asked. "We don't see him get hit by anythi…"

"Shh!" Harry hissed, casting the spell again and looking closely at the shade, wincing as he realized that he actually was seeing what he thought he was. As the shade disappeared again, he felt Augustin's neck and sighed. "Shit."

"What is it?" Rias asked.

"Just a moment," Harry replied, turning to Isabelle. "Loqui Mortis."

There were no last words from her as the shade's mouth was just held open in a silent scream of pain, but Harry barely noticed, his eyes trained on her neck where a barely perceptible collar showed.

"That collar," Hermione murmured as she noticed what he was staring at. "Do you recognize it?"

"I do," Harry sighed, leaning back against the nearest wall and running a hand over his face.

"'Arry?" Fleur asked. "Do you know something you haven't told me?"

"From the start, I thought it was highly, highly unlikely that Klaus Reinhardt, the ancient wizard who helped create Nathresia's Bane in the first place, would be involved in cursing your father," Harry replied. "The man practically makes sport out of being as obviously dark as can be yet managing not to cross the line into criminality in ways that could let the authorities deal with him. He advised Grindelwald back in the day, mentored Voldemort, and has probably directly aided dozens more like them during his long life, getting away with all of it because he never gets his hands dirty. Going after your father, the head of the French DMLE, like this is so out of character for him it's insane, but those collars, I know that he came up with them."

"What do they do?" Hermione asked.

"They suppress people's magic," Harry replied. "Putting one of them on a wizard or witch prevents them from calling on their magic in any way and if they didn't also kill them within hours, they'd have already been adopted by every magical prison in the world. I would wager that they were actually what killed these two."

"So you think that this Reinhardt was here?" Fleur asked.

"I doubt it, but this is the second connection to him in this case now, and I can't believe that that's a coincidence," Harry replied. "He made a horcrux centuries ago and is at least as dangerous as Voldemort, so I was reluctant to tangle with him unless I had to, but...we need to speak with him. I just can't imagine why the hell he'd do something this obvious."

"I think my father got too close to something," Fleur sighed. "The reason I was so upset earlier was that I came across a picture in that bar we stopped in that he was in the background of. I refuse to believe that he just happened to be in this area, so close to this house, months ago and that that isn't connected."

"It would be a strange coincidence," Harry replied. "Rias, could you get your family's servants to search this place further?"

"Of course," Rias replied. "Where is this Klaus Reinhardt?"

"He lives in a well-hidden house in the middle of a forest park in Hamburg," Harry replied. "Hermione, Luna, and I will go there, and you can meet us once you've arranged for this place to be searched. Tell them to leave the bodies alone."

"Um, where am I to go?" Fleur asked, her eyes flashing dangerously. "If you think for a moment that I am going to stay away while you confront a man who might have cursed my father…"

"I still think he didn't do it," Harry sighed. "Klaus is an evil prick, don't get me wrong, but something about this just feels off, and if he isn't the one responsible, then I really don't want you picking a fight with him. We could beat him, but he'd come back, and trust me when I say you don't want an immortal enemy if you can avoid making one. If he is the one responsible, then we'll deal with him, but either way we won't be finishing him off today."

"Voldemort had no idea where his horcrux is?" Luna asked.

"None," Harry replied, "and we wouldn't have the luxury of being able to interrogate a piece of him this time. That's why I really, really hoped that he wasn't involved."

"If he is the who tried to kill my father, I want to be the one who kills him," Fleur scowled, and Harry nodded.

"I understand," he replied. "While we go to Germany, though, I want you to speak with your father. See if you can get him to talk about why he was in Compeigne."

"He's not going to tell me anything," Fleur huffed, "though if I tell Maman that he was doing actual investigative work, perhaps the two of us can get through to him together. I won't risk that if he's still suffering the effects of the curse, though."

"Like I say, just try to find out what you can," Harry replied, kissing her softly. "I'll tell you what I learn from Reinhardt later."

"I don't know what I'd do without you," Fleur murmured, and he smiled before stepping back and taking Hermione's and Luna's hands in his own.

"Good luck," Harry smiled.

"Good luck," Fleur replied as she watched him disappear in a magic circle.

"Your father's just trying to protect you, Fleur," Rias commented.

"I know, and I wish he'd stop," Fleur muttered. "Of the two of us, he is in far greater danger."

"Have you considered tell him about what you've become?" Rias asked, and the Veela shook her head.

"No," Fleur replied. "He's dealing with enough as is and wouldn't find that nearly as assuring as I'd like him to."

Rias sighed and wished her luck before going to get some servants to search the house. Fleur steeled herself and teleported home, hoping that she might actually get her father to tell her something useful.

*****

"That doesn't look very impressive," Luna murmured as she peered out at the small house nestled in the middle of the Marienhohe Forest Park. "Is there an illusion spell on it?"

"No," Harry replied. "The house itself is a simple, small, one-story thing, but it hides more than you can imagine. Reinhardt lives in what I can only refer to as a reverse tower."

"His home extends underground?" Hermione asked.

"Around ten stories," Harry replied. "It's magical as all hell, and I'm sure that he's made extensive use of space-expansion charms, but yes, his home is mostly a subterranean thing."

"There you are," Rias commented from the sky, and Harry smiled as he felt her and Akeno flying towards them, the pair of them invisible to avoid making a scene.

"So Rias says we're fighting an immortal wizard?" Akeno asked as the two landed and revealed themselves.

"If we can't avoid it, yes," Harry replied.

"You know his home better than we do, so what's the plan?" Rias asked.

"I want you four to stay out here to start with," Harry replied. "If you sense things turning violent, come join me, but to start, I'd like to see if I can just talk to him."

"Alright," Rias nodded.

"So what, you're just going to knock?" Luna asked.

"I won't have to," Harry replied as he approached the house.

It looked just as it had when Voldemort first found it decades earlier, a nondescript, utterly unimpressive thing. It was charmed in such a way that the local muggles largely ignored it, and the odd time that they caught glimpses of it, most just assumed that it was used to store equipment used by the people who maintained the park and gave it no more thought than that. Harry furrowed his brow as he drew close, knowing that Reinhardt had to have already sensed his approach, something he never failed to do when Voldemort called on him, but he wasn't stopped. Reaching the door, he wondered if the man was simply out, but as he raised his hand to knock on the door, it swung slowly open.

"Klaus Reinhardt?" he called out. "My name is Harry Potter, and I've come to ask a few questions."

"Come inside, Harry Potter," Reinhardt called out. Harry did as he said, and as he crossed the threshold, the ancient wizard added, "Or should I say, Fluchtvormtod."

"What are you…" Harry went to ask, only to see a dozen knives flying his way.

Vanishing them, he jumped to the right, avoiding the organ-melting curse that followed, and threw a lightning bolt in Klaus' direction, scowling as the man casually batted it aside.

"I'm not Voldemort," he scowled, and Klaus revealed himself. He looked just like he always had, dressed in the same simple black robes he always wore, his milky eyes peering right at him as though he could actually see with them.

"Aren't you?" the ancient man asked, stroking his white beard and grinning at him. "You reacted like him, you're holding yourself as he alvays has, und you're even glaring at me in ze same vay he did vhen I first tested his reflexes all zose years ago. I vondered how you managed to best him, but…"

"Harry!" Rias exclaimed, rushing in with the others on her trail.

"Rias, wait!" Harry exclaimed.

"A devil?" Reinhardt breathed before cackling. "How fascinating! Show me vhat you can do, young von."

Harry watched in shock as he sent a couple overpowered blasting curses as Rias, his milky eyes going wide as she destroyed them, and when she threw a ball of destructive energy his way, he didn't even try to block it, taking it right to the chest and dying instantly as the Power of Destruction atomized his body.

"Fuck!" Harry growled.

"Oh, vorry not, Herr Potter," Reinhardt chuckled as he apparated inside. "Zank you, Rias Gremory; zat body had started to get too old for my liking."

"What the hell?" Akeno asked, looking the man up and down, and Harry had no answer for her.

He looked like himself, more or less, but where the body Rias destroyed had been utterly wizened, its posture stooped, and the wrinkles on its face very deep, this one looked around fifty years old. Harry realized immediately that he must have been preparing to move into the new body when they arrived, as he was already clothed and had apparated over instantly.

"You cloned yourself?" Hermione asked, and Reinhardt chuckled as he summoned his wand from what remained of his old body.

"I grew tired of setting up rituals to make a new body for myself vhen my current von started to get, as you English say, a little long in ze tooth, centuries ago," Reinhardt explained as he pocketed his wand in his robes. "Zere vas nothing zat could be done for it, zough, but vhen von of my muggle contacts let me know several years ago about something zey vere attempting, it inspired me."

"Why did you attack us?" Rias asked, still wary.

"I attacked him because I vanted to test him," Reinhardt replied, pointing at Harry, "and as for you, I zought I knew who you vere but vasn't sure und, as you happened upon me vhile I vas preparing my new body, I figured I could find out for sure und dispose of ze old von in von shot. You really aren't him, are you, Herr Potter?"

"No," Harry replied. "Voldemort would never have willingly worked with the devils, much less accepted one's offer to become their servant."

His unseeing eyes widened at that, and he chuckled.

"I zought I sensed something different about you," Reinhardt grinned, "yet still, you do react like he always did in a fight. Vhat a curious creature you are."

"I'll answer some of your questions if you agree to answer mine in turn," Harry replied, and his grin widened.

"Please come in," Reinhardt said, "and introduce yourselves."

"I'm Harry Potter, as you know, and these are…" Harry went to say when Reinhardt silenced him with a wandless spell.

"I said introduce yourselves," he clarified, sitting down, and Harry scowled, dispelling the charm with ease.

"I'm Akeno Himejima," Akeno replied, "Ria's queen."

"You smell like angel," Reinhardt murmured, eyeing her curiously before snapping his fingers. "You descend from Baraqiel, don't you? Zat's vhy Tom believed he vas involved with Potter here."

"You…" Akeno stammered, and he chuckled.

"I told him zat didn't make sense," Reinhardt sighed, shaking his head. "Vhat about you two?"

"I'm Luna Lovegood," Luna replied.

"Hermione Granger," Hermione said. "You said that you have muggle contacts? That's an odd thing for a pureblood."

"I'm older zan ze Statute of Secrecy, girl," Reinhardt spat, "und I never agreed with it. Muggles have zeir uses und I have managed to learn utterly fascinating zings from zem over ze centuries."

"Through experimentation?" Rias asked pointedly, and he furrowed his brow at her curiously.

"Zere is little I could stand to learn zrough ze sort of experiments you're clearly zinking of," Reinhardt replied as he led them into his sitting room and sat down. "Ah, I had almost forgotten vhat younger joints felt like. Please sit down."

He waved his wand at the large keg in his kitchen, and six steins quickly filled with beer before floating over. Hermione gave Harry a questioning look, but he just waved his hand dismissively, knowing that the beer was safe.

"Why are you blind?" Luna asked. "If you could make a whole new body for yourself, why not give yourself the ability to see?"

"Zere's nothing wrong with my sight," Reinhardt replied. "My eyes atrophied over time in my first body but I had outgrown ze need of zem by zen. I see all zat I need to even if my eyes zemselves only make out basic shapes. I could fix zem, of course, but vhy vould I distract myself so? You did not come all zis vay, zough, to ask about my eyes."

"I'll cut to the chase: were you involved in the cursing of Sebastian Delacour?" Harry asked, and Rienhardt smiled.

"I suspect you know enough about me to know that I trade knowledge for knowledge with new associates," he said. "How is it zat you overcame your prophesied enemy?"

"We could just make you talk," Akeno muttered, and he laughed.

"I could leave zis body at vill, daughter of Baraqiel," Reinhardt replied, earning a murderous glare from the raven-haired girl, "und I have more like it in hidden facilities all over ze vorld, each in stasis, avaiting my need."

"Voldemort was an idiot," Harry replied, deciding to play along for the time being. "He ignored your warning and made more than the three horcruxes you advised him to stop at. When his killing curse bounced off of me as a baby, destroying his first body, his soul was unstable, and a piece broke off, finding the nearest living host. That infamous unhealing scar in my forehead was him."

"You had a piece of him inside you all zis time?" Reinhardt marveled.

"Yes, and with the help of Ajuka Beelzebub, I managed to bind it to my will and forced it to teach me everything he knew," Harry continued, throwing out the name just to see how he'd react.

"You are vell-connected," Reinhardt murmured. "To answer your question, no, I had nothing to do vith Delacour's condition, zough I do know of it."

Harry studied him carefully and eventually decided that he was telling the truth. Voldemort had gotten to know Reinhardt very well over the years he spent learning from him and while the dead lunatic couldn't always understand basic human emotions, he did have a particular knack for knowing when he was being lied to. He could be fooled, of course, but it was rare and he knew Reinhardt's tells well.

"He's been afflicted by a curse you helped invent, though," Hermione piped up, "and when we found the bodies of our chief suspects earlier, they had been bound with magic-disrupting collars you invented too."

"You are vell-informed, zough of course you vould be," Reinhardt chuckled, looking at Harry.

"Is there any way to save someone from Nathresia's Bane without finding and destroying the blood sample used in the curse?" Harry asked, figuring that if anyone would know, it was the man in front of him.

"What made you seek out the aid of House Gremory?" Reinhardt asked.

"I was entered into the Triwizard Tournament against my will," Harry replied. "I was too young to be in it, not particularly talented as a wizard in general, and figured I was doomed, so when I learned about the devils, I was desperate enough to try to reach out to them."

"Under Albus Dumbledore's nose, zen," Reinhardt chuckled. "No, zere is but von vay to save someone from Nathesia's Bane. Vhen Darius sought me out, trying to find a vay to end the vife who had scorned him so openly, he brought vith him a plethora of magical tomes he wasn't talented enough to make use of. Ze knowledge he gave me both paid for und helped create zat curse."

"Why do it, though?" Hermione asked. "Nathresia had done nothing to you."

"Vhat do you want to hear, girl?" Reinhardt asked. "Perhaps I sympathized vith a man whose wife belittled him vithout fear, relying on ze strength and reputation of her brothers to keep her safe from his wrath? Perhaps she reminded me in some vay of a voman who had done me such harm in ze past. Perhaps even, I just didn't care und zought zat the life of one person was worth ze knowledge I gained in exchange."

"That's evil," Hermione scowled, and he laughed.

"I can sense ze taint of ze underworld in you too," Reinhardt replied. "Vhy did you agree to become a creature of sin? Vas it so you could live for millennia? Vield power far beyond ze average witch?"

"It…" Hermione trailed off, suddenly uncomfortable about the fact that she'd become a devil in large part so she could read more of the omnilibrary than she could have ever done as a mortal. "I'm nothing like you."

"Of course you aren't; you're a child," Reinhardt scoffed. "Live for five hundred years, seeing people make ze same mistakes again und again across ze planet und beyond und ve'll see if you can still sit zere und pass judgment on me."

"We've gotten off topic," Harry piped up. "Do you know who cursed Sebastian Delacour?"

Reinhardt sat there for a moment and sipped his beer, considering what he wanted to ask in exchange.

"Vhat made you so interesting to ze heiress of House Gremory?" Reinhardt asked, and Harry froze, wondering how exactly he should answer that.

"I can answer that," Rias piped up. "My parents had arranged a betrothal for me that I didn't care for, and when Harry summoned me, I saw an opportunity to get out of it. What would have been a one-time transactional thing became more, though, as we developed feelings for each other."

"Young love," Reinhardt murmured, sounding like he was trying to decide whether he believed that or not. "To answer your question, I do, and I zink ve've reached ze end of ze question und answer portion of zis meeting. Herr Potter, Fraulein Gremory, please follow me. Ze rest of you stay here und feel free to help yourself to more of my brew."

"It's very good, by the way," Luna smiled.

"Harry?" Hermione and Akeno asked in unison, and he just held up a hand and nodded comfortingly.

Reinhardt opened up the hidden staircase in the middle of the room and led Harry and Rias down. The first floor under the ground was his personal library, a place that Voldemort had visited a few times with him, and from there followed the floor containing his ritual room, training room, and indoor greenhouse. He'd once told his young pupil that there were ten floors in his underground tower and that his bedroom lay at the very bottom across from his treasure room, but he'd never seen any of the lower floors. Sure enough, he led them into his library and pulled a false tome back, opening the door to his study.

"How many bodies did you find wearing my collars?" Reinhardt asked.

"Two," Harry replied, and he nodded, pulling open a drawer in his desk and taking out a stack of carefully arranged pieces of parchment.

"I sell zose zings from time to time to zose who know how to contact me," he murmured. "I could give you a copy of ze last letter I received requesting two of zem specifically. From zere, I'm sure you'd be able to track down ze perpetrator."

"Wait, did you not give someone the curse?" Rias asked.

"Not for many years," Reinhardt replied. "Whoever did zis already knew it, zough zat is not too surprising. Knowledge of it is rare, but I am far from ze only one who could have helped zis person with zat part."

That, Harry knew to be true, and it was why he hadn't considered coming here earlier.

"What do you want in exchange?" he asked, and Reinhardt smirked.

"Tell me, Fraulein Gremory, have you explained contracts to your young servant here?" he asked.

"Not fully," Rias replied. Looking at Harry, she said, "You and I entered into a contract when we first met."

"I remember," Harry murmured, smiling slightly as he looked into her eyes.

"They're a very important part of being a devil," Rias explained, "and I planned to tell you more about them after the summer. Suffice it to say for now that devils establish contracts with humans regularly, exchanging services for boons of one sort or another."

"It vas for souls once, but zat practice fell out of fashion after a time, as I understand," Reinhardt piped up.

"So what would be the terms of this contract you have in mind?" Harry asked.

"In exchange for zis letter I want you to agree to procure for me ze grimoire of ze person who used ze collars on your dead suspects," Reinhardt replied, and Harry furrowed his brow.

"It occurs to me that there is no guarantee that the person who ordered these is the same man who killed them," he replied. "It could have been someone else who bought a pair from you some time ago."

"That's true, but I doubt it," Reinhardt replied. "Zis request was singularly unique for one simple reason. I don't know who wrote it."

"What?" Harry asked. "You only do business with people who manage to find you, and that isn't generally a great list of people."

"Correct," Reinhardt nodded, "und yet zis just happened to appear in ze middle of my study von day, complete vith a basket charmed to give me ze exact number of galleons I charge for two collars ze moment I placed zem inside it. Oh, und it came in a month ago."

"Not that long before we figure that Dumont and Lestrange were abducted," Harry thought to himself. "The person who did it could have just happened to close in on them around then and wanted these to help make it easier to take them in and experiment on them."

"Ze last time I sold any of ze collars before zat vas two years ago und it vas just a single one zat time," Reinhardt added. "I don't exactly market zem."

"That...does make it seem more likely," Rias murmured.

"And I should be able to track down who wrote it easily enough," Harry said to himself. "So you just want the grimoire of the person who killed my suspects?"

"Zat's all," Reinhardt nodded. "I am not a greedy man, as you know. You really have all of his memories?"

"His knowledge," Harry clarified, and the old man chuckled.

"In ze end 'e undid himself," Reinhardt muttered, shaking his head. "Fraulein, if you could conjure the contract?"

"Just a moment," Rias murmured, summoning a roll of parchment and jotting down the specifics of their basic agreement with a wave of her hand.

Reinhardt read it over before signing and handing it to Harry, who gazed down at it and contemplated what he'd be agreeing to. Throughout the entire conversation Reinhardt had seemed to be perfectly genuine, and desiring the grimoire of the person capable of sending the request as he had enough to make a deal like this was in character.

"You will both be bound by the terms of this once it's signed," Rias warned him. "They must be fulfilled to the best of your abilities."

"I have no problem handing over a simple grimoire," Harry said as he signed it. "Especially since I'll be able to read it myself from the omnilibrary."

"Here you are," Reinhardt said, handing him the letter, which he quickly read over.

Reinhardt,

I need two of your magic suppression collars post haste. This basket is charmed to pay you your fifty galleons the moment they're placed inside.

"Short and to the point," Harry muttered to himself. "Whoever did this left a trace of their...his magic on it, so I should be able to use that."

"As a goodwill gesture, let's say, I'll tell you free of charge zat I tried to track ze basket after it left und as far as I could tell, it went to somewhere in central Ireland," Reinhardt said, and Harry looked at him in surprise.

"Ireland?" he asked incredulously.

"So it seemed," Reinhardt replied. "Quite ze international caper, no?"

"An Irishman reached out to a German to help him kill some Frenchmen," Rias surmised, agreeing with his sentiment.

"Anyway, let's go check on your friends," Reinhardt said, grabbing them both and apparating them upstairs.

"...the moon?" Luna asked in awe as they appeared.

"Yes, they…" Hermione went to say, only to trail off as she spotted the others.

"How did it go?" Akeno asked, eyeing Reinhardt suspiciously.

"Well," Harry replied. "I'll explain later. What's up?"

"Hermione was wondering why you had a picture of this muggle guy," Luna said, looking at Reinhardt, who chuckled.

"Wernher?" he asked. "He vas an old acquaintance of mine."

"You knew Wernher Von Braun?" Hermione asked in surprise.

"I did say I had muggle contacts," Reinhardt chuckled. "I met his father when he was a boy, und we had some dealings back in ze twenties. After ze muggle side of zis country got into a little spat in ze forties, he fled to America, und I...arranged for him to come to believe zat I had had a hand in zat. I zought he was a brilliant mind und zat having such a man believe he owed me could be beneficial, which it ended up being. Vhen ze Americans were preparing to send men to ze moon, he informed me of it ahead of time und helped me get one of them to take a little something of mine up with zem."

Hermione's jaw dropped and she paled dramatically as she caught on before anyone else to what he was intimating.

"Are...are you saying that your horcrux…" she stammered as he just grinned.

"It is impolite to ask people you just met such personal questions, Fraulein," Reinhardt chided lightly. "Herr Potter, I eagerly await ze delivery of my new grimoire."

*****

"Fleur?" Apolline asked as she marched into the house. "What's wrong?"

"How is Papa doing?" Fleur asked.

"I'm feeling better, little flower," Sebastian replied as he walked in, looking stiff but not terribly pained. "The sores have already closed back up, and Healer Allain thinks that I'll feel back to normal by tomorrow, at least for a while."

"Good," Fleur replied. "There's something that I need to ask you about, and I was hoping that you wouldn't be feeling too bad when I did."

"That sounds serious," Sebastian frowned. "Should we continue this in my study?"

"Is Gabbie here?" Fleur asked. When he shook his head, she said, "Then no. I actually think the three of us should have this conversation together."

"Fleur?" Apolline asked as she led them into the sitting room and silenced it the moment they all sat down.

"Why were you in Compiegne a few months ago?" Fleur asked and Sebastian froze.

"I...don't recall visiting it," Sebastian replied slowly, and she glared at him.

"You had a drink in a bar called the Velvet Temple," Fleur replied. "I know because there's a picture with you in the background of it that the waiter I asked said was taken a few months ago, likely not long before you were cursed."

"Sebastian?" Apolline asked, confused as the man tensed.

"Fleur, I think you might be mistaken," Sebastian said as calmly as he could. "Just how clear was this picture?"

"Clear enough," Fleur replied. "I stopped in there for a drink because Harry needed time to get through the wards on an abandoned house where we found the bodies of Augustin Dumont and Isabelle Lestrange."

Sebastian's eyes went wide, and he jumped to his feet, shouting, "I told you two to leave this alone! The aurors..."

"The aurors haven't found half of what we have!" Fleur hissed. "Isabelle Lestrange broke Dumont out of prison and ferried him away to a safehouse where we found a scroll detailing how to cast Nathresia's Bane and information on Australia. The aurors were meant to find that and think that they had cursed you and fled there, but we figured out that it was a trick and tracked down their actual location, finding that they'd been murdered by whoever cursed you."

"That...surely you see just what a dangerous figure we're dealing with," Sebastian lamented. "I don't want you putting yourself in danger on my account!"

"You're dying, Papa," Fleur whimpered, her eyes filling with tears. "If we can't find the person who did this and destroy what they used for the curse, it will kill you within weeks. How can you ask me to just sit back and let that happen?"

"Fleur," Sebastian sighed.

"Tell me what you were investigating," Fleur begged. "Look how much 'Arry and I have already accomplished from the outside."

"Fleur, you are not an auror," Sebastian sighed. "By all rights I should be arresting you for interfering in an official investigation."

"You were doing fieldwork?" Apolline asked, her voice icy as she spoke up for the first time since Fleur began explaining what she'd been up to, and Sebastian went still.

"Darling…" he went to say, only to pale as he saw feathers start to form on his wife's arms.

"You promised me that you had stopped!" Apolline cried. "After that business with the Italians, you said that that was it for you. The whole reason you accepted your last promotion was because it meant you were out of the field for good."

"The Italians?" Fleur asked, confused. "There wasn't anything in the files we got about an Italian job."

"It was a joint operation that your papa nearly died in," Apolline spat, glaring at her husband. "I begged you as you recovered to realize that you weren't a young man anymore and accept that you could do just as much good behind a desk as you could on the streets, and you agreed."

"I did," Sebastian replied, kissing her cheek and running his fingers through her long, silvery hair, "and I've kept to that ever since, but there's this one case I never solved…"

"What case?" Fleur asked, and he barely resisted the urge to glare at her as he tried to calm his wife. "Papa, 'Arry is in Germany speaking with a centuries-old dark wizard right now, and he'll probably know by the time he returns anyway."

"That boy is a seriously bad influ...Fleur, tell me your boyfriend isn't meeting with Klaus Reinhardt," Sebastian begged, looking at his daughter fearfully.

"You know him?" Fleur asked.

"For the love of...that man is not to be trifled with, Fleur!" Sebastian replied. "I only learned he existed when I took this job and read through my predecessor's old files. He was connected to Gellert Grindelwald, for goodness sake!"

"He was connected to Voldemort too," Fleur replied calmly. "'Arry will be perfectly safe meeting with him, given everything."

"I'm sorry, this man was connected to two dark lords, and your boyfriend is stopping by for a chat with him?" Apolline asked. "Why?"

"He helped invent Nathresia's Bane, for one thing, but he also designed something that was used to hold Dumont and Lestrange," Fleur replied. "Harry doesn't think that he's involved in your curse, but he does think that he'll know who did it. Papa, if we work together, we could solve this thing in time to save your life, I know it."

"Fleur, there is a reason why I never encouraged you to follow in my footsteps," Sebastian sighed. "This line of work is necessary to keep society functioning, but it is incredibly dangerous. I've buried a lot of friends in my time, and the thought of you or your sister ever putting yourself in danger like I have throughout my career is enough to freeze the blood in my veins. I won't let you endanger yourself further, little flower; I can't."

His wand slipped into his hand, and Fleur sighed.

"Sebastian!" Apolline exclaimed.

"I won't let our daughter get herself killed on my account," Sebastian hissed, reaching out to the wards and ensuring that none of them could apparate out. "Fleur, for interfering without authorization in an official auror investigation, I hereby place you under arrest."

"You can't fight me, Papa," Fleur replied, "not in your condition."

"Stop this, both of you!" Apolline exclaimed, looking between them in horror.

"Apolline, this is for her own good," Sebastian insisted. "Help me, please."

"Don't worry, Maman," Fleur said. "I won't make you choose between us. Tenebrae nebula."

"Stupefy!" Sebastian hissed, but Fleur was already gone, having blanketed the room in darkness so neither of them would notice the summoning circle she created around herself.

Reappearing in the Rookery, she wept and sat down in the first chair she came across.

"Fleur?" Sirius asked. "What's wrong? Did your father's condition worsen?"

Fleur just shook her head and buried it in her hands. Telling him about Dumont and Lestrange had been a gamble, she'd known, but he was so stubborn in his refusal to accept her and Harry's help that she figured shocking him was the only way to possibly get through to him. It hadn't worked, of course, and she soon found herself spilling the whole story to Sirius, who listened quietly and shook his head.

"I can't really blame him," the older man said, and she glared at him. "He loves you, and he just doesn't want to see you end up fighting what is clearly a very powerful, very evil piece of work."

"I love him too," Fleur muttered, "and it's not as though I haven't faced danger in the past. I went up against a dragon less than a year ago, plus Harry killed bloody Voldemort."

"You're starting to talk like us," Sirius chuckled, and she glared at him. "You said yourself that you only told him about the two murder victims because you hoped that shocking him would get through to him. That didn't work, but did it get you anything? Did he slip up in any way?"

"He...he did," Fleur breathed. "He said that the case he was in Compiegne because of was unsolved. We only looked at the files for cases he had solved, thinking that they'd be the ones most likely to have an axe to grind with him, and I had no idea that he was still personally looking into anything."

"Well, then you got something," Sirius smiled.

"And all it cost me was a probable warrant for my arrest," Fleur sighed. "I'll need to warn the others not to try going to my family home anytime soon."

"Save his life, take down the bad guy, don't get killed in the process, and I'm sure he'll get over it," Sirius assured her.

"Yeah," Fleur muttered. "I just need to do all that."

"Hey, you lot have made remarkable progress from the sound of it for completely untrained investigators," Sirius smiled. "Goodness knows what the French aurors have been up to all this time."

"Given what Papa said, I would wager that he believed that there was likely a connection between the curse placed on him and what he'd been looking into," Fleur replied. "I wouldn't be shocked if they were already looking into it. I wish that I could get into his office and look around it, but I doubt I'd be able to get into the chateau right now."

"That's not exactly going to be possible," Sirius sighed. "You do have your copies of the files, though."

"Yes, but there are so many of them," Fleur sighed. "We've already gone through so many."

"What was your father's close rate?" Sirius asked, and she blinked at him. "The percentage of cases that he…"

"I know what it means, and you're right," Fleur cut him off, smiling slightly for the first time since she got there. "The number of unsolved cases he's connected to wouldn't be great. This might not be that bad of a setback after all."

"Good," Sirius smiled. "You'll solve this, Fleur. You have plenty of help."

"Thank you, Sirius," Fleur breathed, feeling better. "I needed this. I'm going to return to the Underworld and see what I can find."

"I do what I can," Sirius replied as he watched her disappear in a fiery circle.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Mar 18, 2026
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Brawlingbard, Markuz Black, Fridrich and 232 others
voivode_writer
Sep 16, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 38 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Sep 30, 2025
Add bookmark
#809
"You're a fine dancer," Venelana complimented as the two of them twirled around the ballroom, following the music currently streaming in from the phonograph she'd set up.

"Rias and Akeno taught me last winter," Harry explained. "There was a ball at the school that I was required to attend and actually open with the other champions."

"Ah, I can see why you turned to them for that," Venelana chuckled. "Well, we don't need to worry about your dancing skills. Run through the most basic principles of etiquette for me again."

"I'm not to address anyone of rank without prior permission," Harry replied. "If asked a question, I should answer it fully but not let myself get long-winded. Once the Agares finish with a course during the feast, I'm to stop eating whether I've finished or not…"

"Minobella's a notoriously slow eater, so you won't have to worry about that in this case, but the same applies at all such functions," Venelana chimed in.

"Finally, I'm not to touch on politics under any circumstances," Harry replied.

"Correct," Venelana nodded. "You are attending as Rias' date, so no one will be able to say that you don't belong, but as a newly turned devil, you are essentially a newborn and will be afforded all the respect you would give one until you do something of note."

"I'm sure Riser Phenix won't hesitate to say I don't belong," Harry commented, and Venelana looked at him stone-faced.

"He's unlikely to attend, but even if he did, he wouldn't be so open in his disdain," she explained. "Formal balls and feasts like this are chances for devils to show off their power, make themselves appear grand, and network. Personal feuds are to be left at the door, and failing to do that is a major faux pas that will reflect badly on all parties. That's why political discussion is to be avoided as well."

"That makes sense," Harry nodded. "Should we expect pretty much all of the major houses to have at least one representative there?"

"Yes," Venelana replied. "Rias will introduce you to her friends among the devils, point out a few other noteworthy ones, and then mostly monopolize your time through the night, if I know my daughter. As she is still just the heir of the House of Gremory and not its lady, and because she's not yet a participant in the Rating Games, what's expected of her at events like this is limited, though we can't rule out the possibility that Minobella might have some surprise in store."

"How worried should I be?" Harry asked as she removed the record from the old phonograph and teleported both of them out of the room.

"With Minnie, both very and not at all," Venelana sighed. "She's generally harmless unless provoked, but she's a curious thing too, and when faced with a mystery, she can be like a dog with a bone."

"So we just have to hope that she's merely curious why Rias is with me," Harry surmised, and she scoffed.

"Hope is an illusion sold to fools," Venelana muttered. "We'll keep an eye on her, find out what we can, and go from there. Remain on your guard, though, and if her inquiries move at all in the direction of there being something unique or unusual about you, we'll know that we had better move forward with revealing what you are."

"If she just looks to find out about our relationship, though…" Harry continued.

"Then she's just being a busybody, which isn't out of character, by the way," Venelana chuckled. "I think you're as prepared as you reasonably can be."

"Thank you for all this," Harry replied.

She had been giving him etiquette lessons ever since they first found out that Minobella wanted him to attend the Agares ball, something that had taken more time than he'd have liked out of his schedule, given the investigation into Sebastian's curse, though that had hit a bit of a snag, and it had been days since they found anything useful.

"You are Rias' pawn, and by that alone, your actions would be a reflection on our house," Venelana explained. "Given that you are to be Rias' husband, that makes that doubly true. One thing you should know is that we're likely going to be announcing your engagement at the ball."

"Really?" Harry asked. "Why there, if you don't mind me asking?"

"Because Minobella invited you," Venelana smiled. "I want to see what specifically she's looking to learn first, but once we have a better idea of that, depending on what we learn, we'll announce your upcoming nuptials."

There was a wicked gleam in her purple eyes, and Harry figured that he'd ask Rias later why she might find that particular idea amusing.

"Will you be returning to the library?" Venelana asked.

"Yes," Harry replied. "I should check on the others and see if they've found anything."

"Then come," Venelana commanded, taking his arm.

She teleported them to the library and Harry immediately sighed at the sight of Fleur, who looked even more stressed than when he'd seen her earlier. The blonde hadn't been home since she and her father fought, and while they'd found no evidence that a warrant had been issued for her or any of their arrest, they were sure that if they were spotted in Magical France, the aurors would try to take them in for questioning. They had sent word of the address where Dumont and Lestrange's bodies were after they finished their investigation and knew that the aurors had shown up to take them, but that was all that they knew the aurors had done in this case.

"I just don't get it," Fleur muttered. "We haven't come across a single Irish reference in all of these files."

"There are barely any English ones," Hermione added, looking equally frustrated. "Oh, Lady Venelana. I finished copying that pile of books you wanted done."

"Excellent," Venelana smiled, looking at the small mountain of books sitting on a nearby table.

"What's all this?" Rias asked, teleporting in at that moment and seeing the pile of books.

"Mine," Venelana replied. "This is every notebook that Azazel ever scribbled in."

"The governor general of the Fallen?" Hermione breathed, looking at the books with new interest. "I didn't bother reading the books as I copied them, focused as I am on the case."

"The very same," Venelana grinned. "I'm keeping knowledge of the omnilibrary purely in the family for now, given what a monumental resource and advantage it is, but Sirzechs wanted to give these particular books to Lord Ajuka, and I agreed. He'll be telling him that he managed to get a spy in their ranks to copy his notes."

"Given Azazel's reputation, I assume that his notes will be exceptionally useful to Lord Ajuka," Rias commented.

"That's the only reason I relented," Venelana replied. "I suppose you're done with Kuoh Academy for the year?"

"Yes," Rias smiled. "The others will be arriving a little later today."

"Well, I'm going to deliver these personally," Venelana murmured, moving the books into her bag with a wave of her hand. "I need a word with your brother anyway."

With that she left, and Rias immediately turned to the others, kissing Harry and looking to Fleur.

"No," the Veela replied glumly before she could even ask.

"I just don't get why an Irishman would want to hurt your father when he hasn't even arrested any," Luna muttered, and Harry winced as he realized that even she sounded more down than he'd heard her in months.

"There must be some connection between our Irish dark wizard and one of your father's cases," Rias mused. "It's not like he's ever mentioned an Irishman he was personally irritated with, right?"

"Aside from a handful of Irish figures in the British ministry, I don't think he's even interacted with many people from that country," Fleur muttered. "I know our family's never been to Ireland."

"We're missing something," Harry scowled. "Did you finish going through his unsolved cases?"

"We did," Hermione replied. "In none of them did he seem to think that he got particularly close to anything, and none of them contained any information suggesting that he'd reopened them recently."

"And the stubborn fool won't work with me," Fleur lamented, burying her face in Luna's hair when the other blonde pulled her in for a hug.

"Uh, guys?" Akeno asked, appearing inside the library. "Sirius asked me to send you a message when he saw I was headed here."

"Is he in trouble?" Harry asked, desperately hoping that there wasn't suddenly even more to worry about.

"No, but he did have a suggestion," Akeno replied. "He asked me to ask you if you could use the Room of Requirement to recreate Sebastian's office."

"Mon Dieu...ow, that's brilliant!" Fleur exclaimed. "Why didn't we think of that?"

Harry and Hermione both winced at that, neither one having thought much about the Room since they left Hogwarts.

"Do you know if the castle's defenses are any different during the summer?" Rias asked.

"I have no idea," Harry replied. "We could ask Dumbledore, but I have no idea how busy he is at the moment, nor can I guarantee that our reaching out to him wouldn't cause him a headache with the ministry, who I am sure would still like a word with us."

"Dobby could probably still sneak in and summon us," Rias suggested. "Mother sealed the Room so I'll need to be the one who lets us in, but once that's done…"

"We can look around and see if there are any clues about who Papa thinks is responsible for his condition," Fleur smiled. "Let's do it."

*****

"Rias Gremory," Dobby squeaked, holding the summoning paper out in front of him as he stood on the seventh floor of Hogwarts, near the corridor in which the hidden door to the Room of Requirement could be summoned.

Rias appeared in a flash of crimson light and immediately turned herself invisible, saying, "Thank you, Dobby. You can go now."

"Dobby is always happy to help Harry Potter's Rias," Dobby nodded before vanishing, and Rias smiled at his words.

She quickly summoned the others, who turned themselves invisible as well, though after a moment, they realized that they hadn't been quite as stealthy as they'd hoped.

"Whoever's there, show yourself, and we can chat," Dumbledore commanded as he appeared in a flash of phoenix fire. "Fawkes, do you sense anything?"

The phoenix trilled, and Harry sighed, revealing himself before the headmaster got the chance to cast Homenum Revelio. "Hello, Professor."

"As I understand it, I'm not your professor any longer, Harry," Dumbledore said, recovering quickly from his surprise at seeing his old pupil. "You've grown rather substantially in the last few weeks."

"I can explain that," Harry replied. "I wanted to speak to you and figured I'd test out if you really can sense where people are in Hogwarts."

"During the school year, my abilities on that front are somewhat limited, given the sheer number of people here, but when it's just me…" Dumbledore trailed off. "Shall we?"

"Please," Harry nodded, letting him lead him to his office. As he walked, he gestured behind his back for the others to carry on, and they did, trusting that Dumbledore wasn't a threat to him and that he could escape if that changed.

"Given how well he reacted to the presence of the devils, after he got over his initial shock back in June, and how little hostility I feel at the moment, I can trust him well enough for now," Harry thought to himself, following him to his office.

Fleur quietly let them into the Room once Dumbledore and Harry were out of sight and sighed as the door closed.

"Fuck," she muttered.

"We knew it was a risk," Rias sighed. "Still, at least we got proof that he couldn't quite sense how many of us were here. This is your father's study then?"

"An exact replica," Fleur replied, "save for that door there. That leads to a copy of his office in the ministry in case we don't find anything in here."

"In theory we should," Hermione piped up. "If he has been working on the old case he mentioned, the file on it should be somewhere either in here or in his office. It wouldn't make sense if it didn't."

"You're right, of course," Fleur nodded, not willing to trust that anything would turn out to work in their favor just because it should at this point.

"I'll check his desk," Luna said, sitting down in the seat and unlocking the drawers. As she searched through the first one, she pulled out the first interesting thing she found, and her grey eyes went wide as saucers. "Oh, wow, your mum's breasts look just like yours."

"What?" Fleur asked, rushing over to check what Luna was holding, smiling in amusement as she saw it was a framed picture of her mother, resting on her bed, completely nude. The image winked at her as she spotted her, having limited intelligence, and stretched her arms over her head, showing off her voluptuous figure. "Well, we Veela do generally look alike."

"Try to check for things that actually have to do with the case," Hermione sighed as she started searching through his small liquor cabinet.

*****

"I must say, I wasn't sure if I'd ever hear from you again," Dumbledore commented as he sat down behind his desk and gestured for Harry to take his seat.

"It's been a busy little while, but I did intend to reach out eventually," Harry replied, "if for no other reason than to let you know what happened to the Elder Wand."

"You figured out what it was then," Dumbledore nodded. "Gellert acquired it in the years leading up to his reign of terror, and when I bested him in our famous duel, it became mine. Its allegiance switched to you when you disarmed me the last time we saw each other. You said that something happened to it?"

"It's gone," Harry replied, "as are the Resurrection Stone and my cloak."

Dumbledore's piercing blue eyes went wide as saucers, and he leaned forward, breathing, "You...you acquired the Stone?"

"Voldemort made the Gaunt family signet ring into a Horcrux," Harry replied. "The ring contained a large black stone, which turned out to be it. When Sirzechs destroyed the Horcrux inside it, the ring was atomized, but the stone remained. Unfortunately, all three of them were destroyed."

"How?" Dumbledore asked, and odd pain crossing his eyes for a just a moment, and Harry undid the illusion magic hiding his horns and tail, making him gasp.

"I'm in love with Rias, and we want to spend our lives together," Harry replied. "Her life has the potential to go on far longer than mine would have, though, so I became a devil. There were complications with the process, though, and I nearly died. Only my connection to the Hallows saved me, though they were sacrificed in the process."

"Merlin," Dumbledore breathed, sitting back. "You really don't intend to return to Britain at all then?"

"Rias lives in Japan, as I said before, and I want to live with her," Harry replied.

"Well, I can't say that much of Magical Britain won't miss you, but given everything, that might be for the best," Dumbledore sighed.

"How goes the investigation into the attack?" Harry asked, "And how much of the damage has been fixed? I wasn't sure you'd even be here."

"The Great Hall's been repaired, and there was little damage elsewhere," Dumbledore replied. "As shocked as the country was by the attack, the school year will proceed as normal. The investigation has been concluded."

"Already?" Harry asked.

"Well, the aurors would like to speak with you, though there's enough desire in the ministry to move past the incident that they only sent a cursory inquiry to the Japanese ministry asking for their help in locating you, something that they said was a waste of their time," Dumbledore replied. "We could press the matter, of course, but like I say, the ministry wants to move forward. The testimony already acquired from a few Death Eater wives has been enough to show the truth of the matter as well."

"Well, that's good to know," Harry muttered. "Actually, there's another auror matter that I could use your advice on. Have you heard about what's happened to Sebastian Delacour?"

"I have," Dumbledore nodded. "I also heard from a contact of mine in France that the French auror department are rather irritated with you at the moment."

"The curse used was Nathresia's Bane," Harry explained, earning a solemn nod from the old wizard, "and I have reason to believe that the person who cast it lives in Ireland."

"Ireland?" Dumbledore asked. "What evidence did you find of that?"

"Our primary suspect turned out to have been murdered, and the murderer used something in carrying out that crime that he ordered from somewhere in central Ireland," Harry replied. "He was attempting to frame our suspect for his crime. Can you think of anyone in Ireland who might have access to the knowledge of how to cast something that complex and rare?"

"One or two," Dumbledore replied, stroking his long, white beard as he pondered the question. "I would ask something of you in return, though."

"Name it," Harry replied.

"Tell me how you developed so quickly," Dumbledore said. "At first I figured it was just your devil friends, but while that might explain your increased power even before you became like this, it doesn't explain the rest. If you were still attending here, you would be headed into your O.W.L. year come September, and yet you don't hold yourself like fifth year boy; you haven't in some time, really."

"Well, to answer that, I would need to take you back to a rather horrifying conversation I had with an immensely powerful devil back in November," Harry replied. "It was when I learned just what my scar really was."

Dumbledore winced at that and sat back, listening intently as his old student told him all about how he truly came to best Tom.

*****

"There's nothing in here either!" Fleur growled as she searched through her father's office.

Luna and Rias both winced, still looking around his study while the Veela and Hermione searched his office. So far they had found a number of interesting things, but none of them were related to Sebastian's curse.

"We haven't checked quite everything yet," Hermione said reassuringly, watching her friend and lover fume in frustration.

"We're getting pretty close, though," Luna mumbled under her breath, sinking down heavily into the copy of Sebastian's chair. "I really thought that this would turn out to be a good idea."

She'd thought that losing her parents as she had been was the worst way you could, having no warning as they suddenly disappeared from your life forever, but watching Fleur through the past few weeks, she'd come to the conclusion that she'd been wrong. The suddenness of her mother's passing and then her father's murder had been heartbreaking, but watching Sebastian go slowly as she tried, up to that point in vain, to save him seemed to be an entirely different torture, and she wished desperately that she could take Fleur's pain and terror away.

"It still could be," Rias nodded. "Say, this desk looks pretty old and ornate."

"You think it might be like the one at the safehouse?" Luna asked, immediately figuring out what she was getting at. "I suppose we can check."

The two of them started feeling around the desk for any hidden buttons, wondering if perhaps there was a hidden drawer they hadn't found yet. When Luna's finger pressed against a small bronze ornament on the right side, she gasped in excitement, only to hiss as she felt a needle prick her finger. The desk rumbled, not recognizing her blood, but thankfully did nothing else. The sound alerted Fleur and Hermione, though, who rushed back into the room.

"Did you find something?" the Veela asked, watching as Luna cast a healing charm on her bleeding finger.

"His desk bit me," she replied.

"I think it tasted your blood and rejected you," Rias said, and Hermione gasped.

"It's enchanted to open only for Mister Delacour!" she exclaimed. "Um, do you think Fleur's blood would be close enough?"

"Probably not," Rias replied, "and I don't want to test out how many wrong blood samples in a row it will take before it starts trying to do away with us."

"Papa wouldn't have had it enchanted to attack anyone who happened to touch that spot, just in case Gabby or I managed to get into his office and did so, but I imagine it will be less tolerant of subsequent failures," Fleur added. "I have no idea how we're going to get into it, but if what we're looking for is kept anywhere, I imagine that whatever that lock is hiding is our best bet."

"Harry didn't get rid of your father's blood," Rias replied, "figuring that he might need to run further tests down the line. It's being kept under a stasis charm in an amorvitrum that it turns out the Blacks owned."

"So it will still be usable," Fleur smiled.

"Possibly," Hermione murmured, tapping her fingers on the desk as she looked down at the spot Luna had pointed to. "We don't know if the enchantments require the needle to pass through flesh in order to work."

"We'll give it a try anyway," Rias replied. "Worst case scenario, we have to go outside, reset the room, and conjure a fake arm to pump the blood into. We'll make it work; I just have to go get the blood."

Without another word, she vanished in a crimson circle, leaving the three of them behind, only to reappear a moment later, holding the amorvitrum. Unlike the one that had belonged to Lestrange and Dumont, this one was only partially-full, and Rias quickly levitated a large drop of blood out of it, moving it over to hover just outside the bronze button. Luna pressed it telekinetically, and they all watched as the needle sprang out suddenly, sucking in some of the blood. There was no rumbling that time, and instead, a drawer they hadn't noticed before popped out.

"Yes!" Fleur exclaimed as she pulled it out and saw an auror file inside along with a few other things. Pulling it out, she opened it, and her brow furrowed as she started reading. "This wasn't among the files we've looked through so far."

"Really?" Hermione asked. "That's odd. I thought we looked through every case your father worked on."

"Maybe he was such a rookie when this happened that both the library and my aunt's contacts didn't consider it his," Rias suggested. "How old is it?"

"It's from the mid-sixties," Fleur replied. "This would have been from right after Papa joined the auror force."

"What's it about?" Luna asked.

"The murder of a young woman named Maelle Devereux," Fleur replied. "Oh, merde, she was nine months pregnant."

The other three of them all grimaced at that as Fleur sat down and set the file on her father's desk, flipping through it as she looked through the records.

"So one of your father's first cases was the murder of a heavily pregnant woman," Hermione muttered. "No wonder he's so desperate for you and your sister not to follow in his footsteps."

"Well, as we've learned over the past few weeks, it's a wonder he ever sleeps at all," Fleur replied, trying not to think about the particularly gruesome cases they'd read about. "Maelle was sixteen years old at the time of her murder, killed by a piercing curse through the heart cast with such surgical precision that she died instantly. Her coin purse was stolen, and the official statement on her murder concluded that it was a robbery gone wrong, but lead detective, Claude Lacroix, notes that the particular use of the piercing curse was so perfect that he found it hard to believe that someone that skilled with a wand would kill such an obviously pregnant woman over what couldn't have been more than a few galleons."

"This has to be the case that your father was looking into," Luna breathed. "It's the only file hidden away, and it sounds like they never found the killer."

"They didn't," Fleur replied. "There was no evidence at the scene to suggest that anyone else was even there, adding to Detective Lacroix's theory that this wasn't some random, low-level thief."

"It's a lead," Hermione nodded, "and it gives us something to look more closely into. The library should have the newspaper articles from the time and any other files the aurors might have on Devereux's murder."

"We don't even have to return to the Underworld for it," Rias grinned, and Fleur nodded, causing another door to appear in her father's office.

Hermione opened it and looked inside a smaller version of the omnilibrary, presumably containing anything that mentioned Maelle Devereux from around the time of her murder. Summoning the newspapers over, she handed the first one she found, a copy of Le Cri de la Gargouille from December of nineteen sixty-five, to Luna, who sighed as she looked at the front page.

Pregnant Woman Murdered in Cold Blood, the title of the article translated to.

"Oh, she was beautiful," Luna murmured, looking at the picture of the deceased they had included with it. She was stunning, a young girl with a beautiful heart-shaped face, still retaining some hints of its youthful roundness. The picture was black and white, but they could make out anyway that her hair had to have been rather fair and she had a pair of haunting pale eyes. "I wish it was in color; I can't even fathom what color her eyes were."

"A very pale blue, I'd imagine," Hermione murmured. "Probably kind of like Professor Dumbledore's, but even lighter."

"Oh no," Fleur breathed, and they looked at her in concern, finding her reading through a rolled-up scroll of parchment she'd dug out of the hidden drawer in her father's desk, looking quite pale.

"What is it?" Rias asked.

"This is Papa's notes on this case," Fleur replied. "Apparently the reason we didn't find any notebooks from him in the library is that he keeps scrolls for each case that he jots his notes on."

"Admittedly, we didn't think to try to summon note-scrolls," Luna murmured. "What did he write?"

"When they examined Maelle Devereux's body, they found the fetus inside her already dead," Fleur replied. "They had arrived too late to save the child, or so they thought."

"So they thought?" Hermione asked.

"Papa disagreed," Fleur replied. "One thing that the medical examiner noted was that it appeared as though there had been some recent transfiguration done to her vagina. The traces were faint, and he wasn't sure, but he thought it was possible."

"For what purpose?" Luna asked.

"Some of the aurors on the case thought that perhaps the killer had raped her after he killed her and, after vanishing his semen, transfigured her vagina to hide the recent sexual activity," Fleur replied, and they all glared down at the file at that. "Papa's theory was worse."

"What could possibly be worse than the necrophilic rape of a pregnant sixteen-year-old girl?" Hermione asked, sounding revolted.

"The abduction of her child," Fleur replied, and all three of them turned as pale as she was.

"Oh, fuck," Rias muttered. "So he thought that the guy who killed her took the child and put a convincing fake fetus in her womb?"

"Yes," Fleur muttered.

"So what, he killed her and forced her body to deliver the child anyway?" Hermione asked. "Why not just cut it out?"

"Healing wounds on dead bodies is difficult," Fleur replied. "I studied under the nurse at Beauxbatons for a while, figuring that healing charms would be useful things to know, and she was big on explaining the mechanics of and theory behind everything."

"Even still, once the mother's heart stops, the baby has to be delivered in minutes to avoid brain damage or worse," Hermione argued.

"And magical deliveries are usually done in mere minutes," Luna said. "The cervix is transfigured open, the vaginal canal lubricated and softened, and the baby just slides right out. Daddy was horrified when he learned from Mister Weasley how muggles do it."

"Lucifer's light, what happened to that child?" Rias muttered.

"We have no idea," Fleur replied, shaking her head. "If Papa is right, though, then they've been presumed dead for nearly thirty years. He thought that the murderer might have sold the child to someone. This is why he's continued to look into this case for as long as he has, and if his curse actually is because he got too close to the person responsible…"

"Is there anything in that scroll about why he was in Compiegne a few months ago?" Hermione asked.

"Let me check...oh," Fleur breathed. "Maelle was from there."

"Really?" Rias asked.

"Her parents died when she was a girl, and she was adopted by a couple who lived in Paris, where she was found," Fleur replied. "The aurors didn't give much thought to where she grew up, since she hadn't been back in years, but Papa began to wonder if perhaps the person who killed her had been watching her for some time."

"Why?" Luna asked.

"Her adoptive mother died recently," Fleur replied. "She's been sick for some time, and as she lay on her deathbed, she remembered something that she hadn't recalled back when Maelle was killed."

"Why didn't she remember it back then?" Rias asked in confusion as Hermione's eyes lit up.

"Dementia?" she asked. When Fleur nodded, she explained, "Memory charms are incredibly vile things that should be more heavily regulated than they are. A particularly skilled obliviator can make someone forget their own name if they go far enough, but how exactly they work is often misunderstood. They don't cut memories out of a mind like people think, but rather overwrite them with nothing."

"Isn't that essentially the same thing?" Rias asked.

"In practice, yes, except where degenerative brain diseases are concerned," Hermione replied. "Because of how the charms work, as the brain of someone suffering from something like dementia deteriorates, it can disrupt the magic that has been there for years, even decades, ironically unlocking memories."

"So when obliviators erase muggle's memories of magic, those memories can come back?" Luna asked, disturbed.

"Yes," Hermione replied, "but by the time dementia has progressed enough to have that effect, no one's going to take anything they say about magic seriously, so the ministries just let it be. What did she remember?"

"A man came around about a year before Maelle was murdered asking about her," Fleur replied. "He seemed charming and handsome, and Margot, her adoptive mother, remembers just answering his every question without even thinking twice. She thought that he might have slipped veritaserum in her drink."

"Did she remember his name?" Rias asked.

"No," Fleur replied. "According to Papa's notes, she didn't remember knowing him, though whether that's because of her dementia or because he compelled her to let him inside, we don't know. What he does say is that the man was particularly interested in where she'd come from and who her birth parents were for some reason."

"What did she say he looked like, other than handsome?" Luna asked.

"Blonde hair, blue eyes, square jaw, charming smile, about fifty or sixty," Fleur replied. "He also spoke French well but with a faint, unusual accent."

"Irish perhaps?" Hermione asked. "This really might be who we've been looking for."

"Maelle's parents lived not on the street where we found that house, but close to it," Fleur said, rolling up the scroll and standing up. "It's entirely possible that that house is something that our dark wizard has kept for nefarious purposes for decades now."

"We found nothing there, though," Rias muttered. "My family's servants looked over the entire house from top to bottom and they couldn't uncover a single clue about who owned the place."

"We're talking about a guy who murdered and potentially stole the child of a woman without leaving a single trace at the scene," Hermione pointed out. "Whoever this guy is, he's good at covering his tracks."

"The question is, just what manner of monster are we hunting?" Luna asked, sounding unusually serious, something that they all understood well.

*****

"So in the end, you were able to use his own knowledge against him," Dumbledore chuckled before turning more serious. "It is just his knowledge that you gained, yes?"

"I saw a fair few of his memories, but it was like using a pensieve," Harry replied. "I didn't get flooded with first-person images of murdering the innocent, thank goodness."

"I wouldn't want to imagine what suddenly having more of another person's memories than your own would do to a person, even if those memories came from someone less broken and evil than Tom," Dumbledore muttered.

"He was like a teacher," Harry replied, "albeit an unwilling one. Still, despite everything, he wasn't bad at it. Had he been less of a monster, he might have made a good professor."

"Had he been less of a monster, countless things would have been different," Dumbledore sighed. "Still, while I wish you didn't have to end up so burdened by such dark knowledge, at least you're using it for good."

"Speaking of, you said that you had a couple ideas about Irish wizards who might know enough dark magic to have cast Nathresia's Bane on Sebastian Delacour," Harry said, and Dumbledore nodded.

"In my capacity as Supreme Mugwump of the I.C.W., I hear quite often about things that transpire in different countries," Dumbledore replied. "There was recently an operation undertaken by the Irish aurors that prevented a catastrophe."

"Oh?" Harry asked, intrigued.

"Decades ago there was a dark witch by the name of Siobhan Flynn, who…" Dumbledore began.

"The necromancer?" Harry asked, interrupting him. When the old man just peered at him over his glasses, he added, "Sorry, it's just that Tom met her back in the late fifties and learned under her."

"Really?" Dumbledore asked, genuinely surprised. "I thought I had managed to get a relatively complete timeline of his travels abroad."

"She was a real lunatic from what he described," Harry nodded, "obsessed with figuring out how to raise inferi more efficiently. Her goal in life was to master the discipline so completely that she could raise entire graveyards at once. Even Voldemort found her disturbing, not that he didn't happily learn from her. She was killed in a clash with the aurors back in the seventies, if I recall correctly."

"So we thought," Dumbledore replied, and Harry's eyes went wide.

"She survived?" he asked, not particularly enthused by the idea of a woman whose dream in life was to make the walking dead outnumber the living still drawing breath.

"She escaped the site of her apparent demise and made her way to Haiti, seeking further knowledge of necromancy," Dumbledore replied. "The man who led the assault back then never trusted that Siobhan actually died, and when he got word that she had returned to the Emerald Isle, he arranged a strike team to meet her. What they found was a subterranean lair full of countless hundreds of inferi, but they managed to take her down. I know that blood curses are a little outside her typical interests, but she's easily the darkest witch or wizard in Ireland that I've heard of."

"Where is she now?" Harry asked.

"Dead," Dumbledore replied. "She wasn't ever going to let them take her in alive, but they were able to confirm her death this time."

"I don't think there's any connection between her and Director Delacour, but it's something to consider," Harry replied.

"Before she returned to Ireland, she stopped in France, and no one knows how long she was there," Dumbledore replied. "The French authorities were completely unaware that she was in their country at all."

"Well, that's a little more, I suppose," Harry nodded. "What was the other possible idea you had?"

"That one is entirely my own theory," Dumbledore replied. "I have nothing to back it up and no proof of any wrongdoing save for this: I have twice in my entire life been genuinely unnerved by wizards or witches I met, and neither one was Gellert nor Tom."

"Oh?" Harry asked, his curiosity genuinely piqued.

"The first was when I met Nicholas and Perenelle," Dumbledore chuckled, recalling the sheer power he felt radiating off of them, "and the second was far less pleasant. Tell me, what do you know of the Lynch family?"

"As in Diarmid Lynch?" Harry asked, and Dumbledore nodded.

"The very same," he replied. "In the early sixties, less than twenty years after my victory over Gellert Grindelwald, I had an occasion to meet Declan Lynch, his descendant and the current head of the family."

"And this Declan frightened you?" Harry asked.

"Disturbed would be the better word," Dumbledore replied. "I couldn't honestly figure why at the time. He seemed pleasant enough, a man maybe ten to fifteen years younger than myself. It only hit me afterward why he had seemed so unsettling. It was his eyes, you see; there was something in those eyes that bothered me instinctively. They were utterly empty, like there was barely a flicker of feeling inside him."

"How did they differ from those of inferi?" Harry asked, his mind still on the subject.

"He was clearly alive, but it was like there was something missing in him," Dumbledore replied.

Harry nodded at that, saying, "Hermione read a little about the family to learn more of house elves, and from what she's said, they're incredibly reclusive."

"They've been an entire family of hermits for generations," Dumbledore nodded. "They keep to themselves, seldom bother anyone, and all anyone knows about them is that they and they alone breed and sell house elves. If not for that one meeting, I would never have even thought to look into them."

"Was there anything else about the meeting that bothered you?" Harry asked.

"Declan Lynch wasn't the least bit impressed with me," Dumbledore replied. "Keep in mind this wasn't all that long after the end of the war that made me a household name. I was very used to people, whether they liked me or hated me, holding me with a degree of reverence at that time, and I convinced myself that that was all there was to it; that I had grown so arrogantly used to being treated like the most powerful being in the room that having someone treat me like a normal person had become alien to me. As I reviewed the memory afterward, I realized that there was a little more to it than that."

"Could I see the memory?" Harry asked, and Dumbledore shrugged.

"Why not?" he asked. "I'm not terribly busy today. All I ask in return is that you tell me what your friends are doing on the seventh-floor corridor I found you in."

Harry froze for just a moment before sighing. "You did sense them."

"Indeed," Dumbledore replied. "Fawkes is keeping an eye on the area."

"I had wondered where he went," Harry thought to himself. "There is a room in this castle that, if outside forces were to learn of it, would immediately put it in grave danger."

"This is that little spot in the corridor across from the tapestry of Barnabus the Barmy that was sealed weeks ago?" Dumbledore asked, surprising Harry further. "I honestly thought that was the Death Eaters work for some bizarre reason, but as the magic was on a solid wall in a part of the castle that no one really goes near, I figured that I'd just seal the corridor off and investigate it at my leisure."

"It was Rias' mother who did that, and that's because that room I mentioned can become anything you like," Harry replied, making Dumbledore furrow his bushy brow in confusion. "Aside from eatable food, it can create anything you envision. It could recreate this office down the most minute detail; it is currently being used to recreate Sebastian Delacour's office because he won't let us help him freely, and it can recreate every book ever written."

"Every book?" Dumbledore breathed, feeling a chill go down his spine.

"Everything ever written," Harry replied. "Imagine for a moment what every ministry in the world would do if they learned that nothing they ever wrote down was ever secret."

"It would be a war without end," Dumbledore sighed, burying his face in his hands.

"And that honestly pales compared to how the muggle governments would react," Harry muttered. "Are you familiar with nuclear weapons at all?"

"No," Dumbledore replied.

"They're massive explosives capable of leveling entire cities," Harry replied. When Dumbledore's jaw dropped, he added, "No, really. Think fiendsfyre, but on the scale of the Great Fire of London, and it poisons the air, water, and land of the area afterward. If the American muggle government learned that that room contained every document they ever created, they would try to seize the castle by any means necessary and when that failed, they would drop as many of those bombs on this place as they felt they needed to to keep that threat from falling into other hands. The Russians would be no different, though they might be a little slower to react, since their current leader is apparently a massive drunk."

"You could have told me," Dumbledore said, sounding exasperated.

"I thought about it, but I was keeping the devil secret from you, and all my other secrets stemmed from that," Harry replied. "Rias and I had every document in there copied onto real paper and then sealed the place up so that no one else would stumble in there and spark a disaster."

The actual reason had been because Venelana wanted to keep the resource exclusive to House Gremory, but Harry agreed for different reasons.

"Well, I can't say that the alternatives you brought up wouldn't be significantly worse," Dumbledore muttered. "Did she do anything else here?"

"No," Harry replied. "You would have detected it anyway, as it turns out. Speaking of detection, why did you just let Luna, Hermione, and Rias go freely?"

"Because you revealed yourself," Dumbledore replied, "and after managing to bring down Tom for good with so remarkably few casualties, you've earned yourself a significant measure of my trust. I'd just ask that you extend the same to me, at least where matters regarding Hogwarts are concerned."

"I promise, I won't keep anything else about the castle from you," Harry replied, and Dumbledore nodded.

"Then," he said, drawing his wand and putting it to his temple, "come and see my one and only interaction with a member of the Lynch family. It was at charity gala for the reconstruction of a hospital lost during the war, which had been torn down and abandoned since. He only attended it because he was asked to by an old friend of mine who simply adores networking."

*****

"Blimey, is that Professor McGonagall?" Harry asked, spotting a young, auburn-haired woman nearby who looked remarkably like his old head of house.

"We were all young once, Harry," Dumbledore chuckled. "My hair was once a bright orange, believe it or not."

"And here I thought you came into the world with a long white beard," Harry chuckled, making the older man smile.

"Look," he said, pointing to himself and the man he was about to meet.

"Ah, Albus, there's someone I want you to meet," a rather short, bald, rotund man with a thick mustache said.

"There's always someone you want to meet, Horace," Dumbledore chuckled as he followed his friend.

"Getting him to come here at all was a challenge, but through a mutual contact of ours, I managed to pull it off," Slughorn grinned.

"That's Horace Slughorn," Dumbledore explained. "He taught potions at Hogwarts for decades, teaching both Tom and your parents. He's actually returning this year to replace Severus, who has elected to retire."

"The bat finally realized that teaching in a school full of children while despising children wasn't the best idea?" Harry asked dryly, and Dumbledore gave him a disapproving look.

"Albus, I'd like you to meet Declan Lynch," Slughorn smiled, and the fair-haired man turned around, his cold blue eyes finding Dumbledore's immediately.

"Albus Dumbledore," he nodded, offering his hand. "Your reputation precedes you."

"As does yours," Dumbledore replied, wondering why, as he stared into those eyes, he felt more uneasy than he had while going to confront his old friend the final time.

"Deirdre McAllen did a bit of work for him some years ago and was kind enough to introduce us," Slughorn explained. "Such a bright girl she is. I always knew she'd go far."

"She is talented, yes,' Declan agreed, though something about his tone seemed to suggest that he thought there was something lacking about her.

"Look at his eyes, Harry," Dumbledore said as, in the memory, he and the other man exchanged basic small talk. "Tell me what you see."

"They're empty," Harry murmured. "It honestly looks like there's almost nothing behind them. It looks less like he's regarding you and more like he's reading you."

"You're right," Dumbledore murmured. "Tom's eyes were a little like that when he was a boy, before they ever turned red and filled with palpable rage, but this emptiness far exceeds that."

"He's powerful too," Harry commented, interrupting him. "That lack of reverence for you that you mentioned extends far past you. This man has the look of a being who thinks he has nothing to fear from anyone around him. Sirzechs, the one who destroyed the dementors, generally has that look about him too, not that I think this guy is on that level."

Harry watched Declan walk off, mingling with the others guests, and studied his demeanor as he interacted with them. He was among the most wealthy, influential, and powerful figures in Magical Europe from that era, and yet none of them phased him at all. He didn't look bored so much as restless, as though he were searching for something and cared little for anything besides whatever he sought.

"As unlikely as that seems, I would wager there is more to him than we see," Dumbledore replied. "Come and I'll show you something."

The two of them exited the pensieve, and Dumbledore opened up a cupboard that revealed a very extended filing cabinet. He summoned a particular folder from within it and handed it to Harry, who opened it and saw himself looking at an old painting of a sandy-haired man with angry blue eyes.

"That is Diarmid Lynch," Dumbledore explained as he sat back down. "He was a relatively prominent figure in Irish society in the early seventeenth century before fading from view not long after his house-elves became popular there. He was married to a woman named Sinead, and together the two had three children, a son named Desmond and two daughters who died in infancy. He is the last Lynch that I have pictures of until Declan."

"They're that hermit-like?" Harry asked. "How on Earth do they do business?"

"House-elves are ubiquitous," Dumbledore replied. "Wealthy families and institutions all use them, and they can only get them from one source. They are so reclusive that Sinead Lynch is the only wife in the entire line that I was able to find the name of."

"That's...odd," Harry muttered, moving onto the next page, which contained a basic genealogical chart. "They've only had one son each too?"

"That's not the oddest part," Dumbledore replied as Harry moved onto the page containing Declan's picture and what information his old headmaster had managed to dig up on him. "Declan was just a month shy of his thirtieth birthday when his father, Cormac, died, and Cormac was just three months shy of his when his father, Keiran, died."

"An unfortunate coincidence," the younger wizard commented, and Dumbledore shook his head.

"Every Lynch since Desmond's son Conner has been between their twenty-ninth and thirtieth birthdays when their father died and they took on the family mantle," he said, and Harry looked up in shock.

"What?" he asked. "That's impossible."

"It's highly improbable," Dumbledore replied. "I've tried looking into them, but they are so secretive and their elves so widely sought after that even with my influence, I would never manage to get the necessary resources together to investigate them before someone found a way to shut it down. I know there's something wrong with them, though, something dark and twisted. I just can't prove it."

"Do you have anything on him that might link him to my case?" Harry asked.

"As I did with Tom, I've worked for years now to track Declan Lynch's various movements over the years," Dumbledore replied. "It's actually easier with him, since he leaves Ireland perhaps once every few years or so. He traveled to Denmark about five years ago for unknown reasons, spending a few days in Copenhagen, and about three years before that he met with British ministry officials to discuss a proposal on house-elf rights, finding the idea silly. I was at Hogwarts at the time and only learned about the meeting after he'd already left."

"What about France?" Harry asked.

"In seventy-nine, he visited Paris to meet with an ailing man who he once worked with," Dumbledore replied, "and in around sixty-four, he spent around two weeks in the city of Compiegne for reasons I couldn't determine."

"Compiegne?" Harry asked, and Dumbledore nodded. "Interesting. The city was the site of those two murders I mentioned."

"Interesting," Dumbledore murmured. "It's entirely possible that he travels more often than I've been able to determine. The notes I made in here about his movements were all the ones I could find proof of."

"I could look into him," Harry murmured, wondering if there might actually be a connection here.

"You will receive no help from any ministry in the western world, and if you get caught looking at the Lynches, they might actually work against you," Dumbledore replied.

"Since when is that new?" Harry chuckled, flipping to the final page in the file, full of little notes Dumbledore had jotted down about possible theories he had for their strangeness. "Declan is still alive, yes?"

"He is," Dumbledore replied, "last I heard anyway. Those are the only two leads I have on anyone in Ireland who I could possibly think might be capable of something like what you're investigating. Siobhan Flynn is a definite possibility, given what an evil creature she was, and as for Declan Lynch, his family has stayed isolated in their tower for centuries, quite possibly squirreling away all manner of knowledge, and I really think that there's something terribly off about them."

"Well, you've given me a couple potential leads, so thank you," Harry replied. Fawkes chose that moment to flame in, landing on Dumbledore's desk and looking up at her enquiringly for a moment before flying up and landing on one of his horns. "Thank you for being so understanding of the whole devil angle of all this too."

"You managed to foil an invasion of this school in which I was lured out, only losing a single student not involved in the attack in the process," Dumbledore commented. "I can overlook quite a bit for something like that. It would seem your friends have left."

"Yes, and I should get going too," Harry replied. "I'll let you know if I learn anything more about the Lynches, though if Declan Lynch had nothing to do with Sebastian's curse, I'm not going to be able to focus on that for a while."

"Of course," Dumbledore nodded. "Oh, and Harry, the next time you want to visit Hogwarts, just write to me."

"Yes, Professor," Harry winced, and Dumbledore chuckled.

"You can call me Albus," he said. "I'm not your professor anymore."

"Maybe someday," Harry replied, directing Fawkes off of his horn before teleporting out.

*****

"So he knew the whole time?" Akeno asked as they gathered together in Rias' bedroom at the castle. "That's hilarious."

"He's friendlier to us than I would have expected, though how we helped against Voldemort probably is most of the reason why," Rias murmured. "Those two leads he gave you sounded interesting."

"Not as...oh fuck...interesting as what we found," Fleur moaned as Luna massaged her back, digging her thumbs into her in slow little circles up and down along her spine. "That feels really good."

"Given that we're looking for a man, we know that Siobhan Flynn isn't our suspect, though she could have still been involved," Harry reasoned.

"I still can't get over there being someone who actually disturbed Voldemort," Hermione chuckled, reading through the copy of Dumbledore's notes on the Lynch family from the library. "You don't really think that Declan Lynch is involved, do you?"

"He was in Compiegne around the right time," Harry replied, "and beyond that, his involvement would potentially solve one mystery in this whole affair that never made sense. None of you are going to like my theory, though."

"What is it?" Fleur asked, sitting up straighter and giving him an even better view of her magnificent breasts.

"Throughout this entire investigation, we've uncovered a lot, but one question we're no closer to answering than we were when we started is: how did your father's quill get cursed in the first place?" Harry replied. "The wards around your family's manor are extensive, and even if your entire family is out, your house-elf is still around."

"Yes," Fleur replied.

"That leaves one possible suspect," Harry said, and she squawked in outrage.

"Bernadette would never hurt us!" Fleur exclaimed. "She's been in the family since my father was young; I've known her my whole life."

"Knowingly she wouldn't," Harry clarified, "but just for a moment, knowing as we do that all house-elves come from a single source, consider this: what if that source is dark?"

"Why would a dark wizard sell creatures that are so bubbly, friendly, eager to please, and fuck, I think I just answered my own question," Hermione shivered, looking pale. "You don't think…"

"I think that if I were a dark wizard, and do remember that I know how to think like one, and I sold servant creatures to others, I would include a way of forcing them to do my will when I felt like it," Harry replied, "preferably without them even realizing it."

"That...that's not…" Fleur stammered, her eyes filling with tears at the thought that the elf who used to read her stories when we parents were busy and play with her in the gardens when she was bored might have betrayed her family in the worst way. "If that is true, then I have to warn my family…"

"No, don't," Harry said firmly. "It's only a theory and if I'm right, not only do I think it likely that Bernadette really doesn't know what she did, but more to the point, if we separated her from them, we would be tipping Lynch off that we're onto him. At the moment, he should think that he's won where your father is concerned and…"

"He would know that we found his hidden house in Compiegne," Fleur pointed out. "At any point, if you're right, he could turn Bernadette into a weapon against my family."

"I agree with Harry, Fleur," Rias said. "I'll have my familiar look after them with instructions to get them out of there if Bernadette looks to be doing anything untoward, but if we show our hand now, we have no idea what else this Declan Lynch could do."

"As for his safehouse, we found nothing there," Harry reminded her. "Even the bodies of his victims had nothing truly linking him to them. Nothing that couldn't be found without pretty dark magic, anyway. He has no reason to think we suspect him at all."

"Promise me that we'll keep them safe," Fleur begged, and Rias embraced her.

"You have my word," the redhead promised. "This does mean that we shouldn't discuss this case at the Rookery anymore.

"Dobby and Kreacher," Harry nodded, really not liking the idea that he might not be able to fully trust Dobby.

"Admittedly, Fleur, this picture does sort of match the description from your father's notes," Hermione said reluctantly, not wanting to believe that possibility any more than the rest of them did. "He's blonde, handsome, has blue eyes and has a strong jaw. Inchmore is in central Ireland too."

"When I was hearing Dumbledore talk about the Lynches, I really didn't think it was likely that this Declan figure was involved, but after hearing about what you came across…" Harry trailed off. "We don't have much yet, but what we do have is a figure of probably pretty substantial power, given how he held himself even when meeting Albus bloody Dumbledore, who matches the physical description given by that old woman, and who potentially could have pulled off everything we've seen so far."

"Knowing there's a mortal guy out there who made Dumbledore uncomfortable at the height of his power is genuinely unsettling," Luna said. "The complete lack of physical evidence at the scene of the murders we found also fits the description of Maelle Devereux's murder scene."

"I've asked Koneko to scope out the island," Rias replied. "Not to make contact or even get too close, but I want her to fly over and give us a basic outlook of what we're dealing with. It might be nothing, and there might be no connection here at all, but it's a theory worth ruling out at least."

"I can't even take solace in the fact that Gabby's been spending so much time with our aunt and uncle since this started," Fleur lamented. "They have a couple house-elves too."

"Most pureblood families do," Luna murmured. "We never bothered because Daddy thought that the elves might be spies for the ministry, primed to act if anyone started to figure out the Rotfang Conspiracy. The truth might be significantly worse."

"Did Dumbledore have a theory for why the Lynches all seem to take over the family at roughly the same age?" Hermione asked, "Because that's really weird."

"He didn't, but one thing I could think of is perhaps they kill their fathers," Harry replied, earning more than a few disturbed looks. "It sounds insane, I know, but what if every Lynch since Desmond has trained his son to exceed him, kill him even, in the hopes that each generation will be stronger than the last? It's no less mad than Voldemort, though on the opposite end of the mortality spectrum, of course."

"Well, at any rate, it's unnatural," Hermione muttered. "Once is happenstance, twice is coincidence, eight times is pretty bloody obviously enemy action. How would that even work, anyway? And why thirty?"

"Perhaps that's the cut-off date," Akeno suggested. "Hey son, if you haven't found a way to kill me by thirty, I'm killing you, or something like that."

"And failure would presumably mean death too," Luna murmured. "Oh goodness, maybe they don't actually have only one child per generation."

"By the Lightbringer, and I thought the Devereux murder case had us veer into fucked-up territory," Rias muttered. "Well, let's review what we know so far. Sebastian Delacour was inflicted with a blood curse using blood stolen through an enchanted quill put in his office by unknown means. Someone tried to frame Augustin Dumont, an escaped convict with pretty substantial ties to Delacour for the crime and killed him and his lover in a house near a place that he was spotted in a few months ago."

"Papa clearly thinks that this relates to the murder of Maelle Devereux and the possible abduction of her child," Fleur added. "Her adoptive mother recalled being questioned about her by a charming, handsome blonde man months before she was killed, and this Lynch figure both fits that description and was in Compiegne around the right time."

"Your father was clearly cursed some months ago, knowing how Nathresia's Bane works," Harry replied, "and that may very well line up with when he was spotted around Compiegne looking into the area where Devereux grew up."

"What doesn't actually line up is the abduction of Dumont and Lestrange," Luna piped up. "They hadn't disappeared all that long ago."

"Whoever did this didn't need someone to pin the crime on immediately," Hermione pointed out. "It was months before Sebastian sought medical help at all, much less ended up in a bad enough state to warrant the investigation."

"Rias?" Koneko asked. "I found something."

"Already?" Rias asked, throwing open the door with a wave of her hand.

Koneko walked in, pausing when she saw that Fleur was topless, though she quickly shrugged and focused on Rias. "That Declan guy is dead."

"You have got to be kidding me!" Harry muttered. "How do you know?"

"I witnessed his funeral," Koneko replied. "I did as you asked, Rias, and flew around the perimeter of the island, keeping myself invisible. The magical defenses around it are pretty extreme, but I could still see things clearly. An old man sort of fitting the description you gave me was being burned on a pyre while a much younger man attended alone."

"Just a second," Harry said, disappearing for a moment before returning with a pensieve, which he set down on Rias' side table. "Koneko, could you focus on the entire memory? I can take it out, and we can view it together."

"Sure," Koneko shrugged, though as he drew close, she felt a shiver go through her and tensed up.

"It's fine," Harry assured her, his deep, rumbling voice making her insides clench involuntarily. "You won't feel a thing."

"So fucking big!" she's heard all of the women he was fucking scream at one point or another, and she forced herself not to think about the things she absolutely would feel if she let herself.

She gasped as she watched a silver strand of light leave her temple, following Harry's finger along as he brought it to the basin he'd set up on the table. He dipped his head into it at once and quickly found himself staring down at a verdant island. It was relatively large for a private property, made to look all the more so by the fact that the only structure on it was a large tower made of pale white stone.

"I wonder how the average wizard or witch would react to viewing pensieve memories from the perspective of someone who was flying," he thought to himself, knowing that he personally had no problem with it, as flying under his own power had become second nature to him by then.

He couldn't spot Koneko, but he knew that she was flying around just outside the wardline, well out of range of spells like Homineum Revelio. Spotting a funeral pyre just to the west of the tower, he flew towards it, immediately spotting the one standing figure there. Unlike in reality, he could move closer without fear of being spotted, the nekomata's incredibly eyesight coming in handy as he drew close enough to get a good look at both the young man and the body about to be set aflame.

"That's definitely Declan Lynch," he thought to himself as he looked at the man. He was an old man by then, his hair having turned white and his face lined by thick wrinkles, but Harry couldn't say that he had aged poorly. His hair hadn't receded at all, and though he looked old, he didn't look as old as Dumbledore had figured he was.

"You didn't even look that old," the young man said before pointing his wand at the pyre.

He was young, but not terribly so, looking in his late twenties, which likely meant that he fit with the disturbing pattern of the family. Even still, he radiated power and confidence beyond his years, looking rather pleased with himself as he set his father's pyre on fire. His eyes had the same cold emptiness that Declan's had, and Harry wondered just what that signified. As he watched him take in the funeral scene, observing it with a sort of detached pleasure, he felt the same kind of unease that Dumbledore had when he met Declan.

He emerged from the pensieve and let the others take their turn as he picked up Dumbledore's notes and checked the genealogical chart.

"Liam Lynch," he murmured to himself.

"What?" Hermione asked.

"The latest one," Harry replied. "He has a very similar demeanor to his father."

"Do you really think your theory about them raising their sons to kill them might be true?" Hermione asked.

"I have no idea," Harry replied. "All I know is that I fully believe, as Dumbledore does, that there's something bloody weird about them. If Declan was the one who cursed Sebastian, the blood sample's likely going to be found in that tower."

"Getting his son to hand it over might not be particularly easy," Koneko muttered.

"We'll only be asking for the sake of politeness," Fleur muttered as she watched Rias emerge from the basin and went to take a look herself.

"We'll be able to determine a fair bit about the magical defenses around the island from your memory, Koneko," she murmured. "Well done."

"Yeah, thank you," Harry smiled, resting a hand on her shoulder. "You've been really helpful through this."

"I...I just did as I was ordered," Koneko stammered, his touch feeling like fire on her skin as she cursed herself for wearing a top that exposed her shoulders.

"Nonsense, you have been really helpful," Rias replied, a wicked smirk on her face. "Harry, I often reward her with head-pats."

"Like this?" Harry asked, patting the girl's crown, only to freeze as she let out a little squeak. "Are you okay?"

"I just remembered I forgot to ask Kiba about something," Koneko rushed out as she jumped to her feet and practically ran out of the room.

"So, are we going to talk about how badly she wants me?" Harry asked. "Because I can sense that pretty openly."

"I think you would even if you weren't an incubus," Rias chuckled. "Just let her come to you, provided you're interested.

"Oh, I'm interested," Harry murmured, finding the catgirl quite pretty.

Hermione took her turn next as Fleur looked through the file on the Lynches, pondering the possibility that they had finally found who they were looking for. When the brunette emerged from the pensieve she was exceedingly pale, and she immediately rushed towards the pile of documents sitting on Rias' bed.

"Fleur's got Dumbledore's notes on the Lynches," Harry said.

"That's not what I'm looking for," Hermione muttered as she frantically looked through the papers, eventually pulling out the copy of the French newspaper detailing Maelle Devereux's murder they'd retrieved from their library. "Oh, God."

They all grimaced at that and glared at her for a moment, only to grow concerned as they saw just how horrified she looked.

"What's wrong?" Rias asked.

"Did you happen to get a good look at Liam's eyes?" Hermione asked.

"Yeah, they had that same icy emptiness to them that his fathers' had," Harry replied. "It really is rather unnerving…"

"Did you notice the color?" Hermione asked. When they all shook their heads, she said, "They were pale blue; really pale blue; paler than I had ever seen anywhere except here."

She put the copy of Le Cri de la Gargouille with Maelle Devereux's picture on it and they all paled as they realized what she was thinking.

"You think that Liam Lynch might be…" Fleur breathed.

"I think we might have found the baby your father thought was abducted back then," Hermione said, and they all stared down at the image of the long-deceased woman.

"Fuck," Harry muttered.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Brawlingbard, Markuz Black, Fridrich and 225 others
voivode_writer
Sep 30, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 39 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Oct 14, 2025
Add bookmark
#841
"Are you sure this is the place?" Akeno asked as she, Hermione, Luna, and Fleur walked and arrived just outside a particular pub in Athlone, Ireland.

"This is the address that was given in the letter," Hermione replied.

"Sean's Bar," Luna murmured. "No pretense at all. I like it."

"I did a little reading on the place, and apparently it's operated as a pub in one form or another since the tenth century," Hermione said, opening the door and letting them in.

"Really?" Luna asked.

"The oldest pub in the world, as far as we've been able to determine," a server said as she spotted them. "Would you like a table, or would you like to sit at the bar?"

"We're meeting with someone, actually," Fleur replied. "An older woman named Deirdre McAllen; she said that she comes here pretty regularly, and we could ask for her."

"Aye, we all know old Deirdre," the woman nodded. "I haven't seen her tonight yet, but I can show you to a table and make sure she's informed that you're here when she arrives."

"Thank you, that would be great," Hermione nodded, and the woman led them in, seating them near one of the windows.

A moment later another server approached, saying, "Evening all, my name's Sean, and I'll be your waiter tonight. Before you ask, no, sadly, it's not mine. What can I get you?"

"A pint of Kilkenny if you have it," Hermione replied at once.

"Of course," Sean nodded, "and the rest of you?"

"Honestly, that sounds good to me too," Fleur replied, with the others agreeing.

"Four Kilkennys coming up," Sean nodded before turning to leave, letting them relax.

"Now we wait," Fleur murmured, eyeing the door and casting a silencing charm around their table to ensure that no sound got out.

"It's lucky that that woman still worked for the Lynches," Luna murmured softly, and Hermione nodded.

Getting in contact with members of a family of famous hermits was, unsurprisingly, difficult, and it had taken a little digging in the library to find any regular contacts that they kept, though they did eventually come across a name that was familiar to them. Deirdre McAllen, the woman who put Horace Slughorn in contact with Declan Lynch back in the sixties, had continued to work for the man through the rest of his life, and so they'd reached out to her, getting a response surprisingly quickly.

"It gave us something to work with," Akeno nodded. "Having examined the island, I can tell why even Rias was reluctant to try going in in force unless we truly had to."

"The ward system is insane," Fleur nodded, "and that is just another clue pointing to that family as being involved here."

"Declan might have been involved," Hermione clarified, "but we have no reason to suspect that Liam has any idea about it, and if he is who we think he is…"

"Then he was raised by that monster," Fleur glared. "I understand that he is a victim in this, but we shouldn't just assume that he's innocent. Think of how 'Arry would have turned out if Voldemort had abducted him instead and raised him as his own."

"That's a singularly horrifying thought," Akeno shivered. "Fleur's right, though, and we have no idea what this guy is like."

"I feel so bad for him, though," Luna murmured, quieting down as Sean arrived with their beers.

"Here you are," he smiled, setting them down by each of them. "If you need anything else, just flag me down."

"Thank you," Hermione smiled.

"Mmm, not bad," Fleur murmured as she sipped her beer. "If he is who we think he is, then his story is both horrifying and tragic in the extreme, but he could easily be exactly like the monster who abducted him."

"From what we saw in Koneko's memory, Liam looks a lot like Declan," Akeno pointed out. "It's possible that he isn't Maelle Devereux's son at all."

"His eyes are so unique, though," Hermione sighed, "so much like hers."

"It's possible that he's both their child," Akeno said. "He was asking about her around a year before she was murdered."

"That makes it even worse," Hermione muttered. "I just hate the possibility that this baby, who was ripped from his mother's womb by her murderer, might have been raised to be just as monstrous as him."

"People aren't always copies of their parents, though," Luna said. "It's possible that, despite his upbringing, if everything is as we fear, he turned out differently."

"Well, either way, we're going to need to talk to him," Fleur scowled.

"True," Akeno acknowledged. "If he has the blood sample we're looking for, we're going to need to get it from him, and if we can do so without bloodshed, we should at least try, if for no other reason than the fact that we won't have any way of knowing where Declan stashed it."

"That could be her," Luna murmured, gesturing subtly towards the door, where a woman who looked to be in her mid-to-late fifties had walked in wearing a blouse and skirt that looked like they'd come out of the sixties.

She had her hair, a mix of blonde and white, tied back in a bun reminiscent of how Professor McGonagall wore her hair and wore a pair of very thick, dark-rimmed glasses. After speaking to the server who had greeted them, she turned to look at them and walked over, her face a picture of wary confusion.

"Here we go," Akeno murmured, wondering if this was going to come to blows already or not. "I hope Harry and Rias don't end up missing too much fun."

She smiled at that and sipped her beer, wondering how their own little adventure was going at that moment.

*****

"Wow," Harry breathed as he took in the sight of the Crystal Palace for the first time. "That is…"

"Very, very Minobella," Venelana finished for him.

From what he'd heard of the woman and what he observed the one time that they interacted, that definitely seemed to be true. The palace was a structure of jutting crystal towers and strong walls of the same material. Dark blue, it practically hummed with power, veined with purple streaks that looked like lightning. It was beautiful and over the top, yet it radiated power and suggested strongly that danger lurked within.

"Lord Gremory, Lady Gremory," the guards at the door greeted them in unison.

Looking at Harry and Rias, they nodded silently and opened the door, letting them inside the ornate palace. Where the exterior was a mix of beauty and magical power, the interior was pure wealth displayed openly. From the thick red rugs to the many paintings that lined the walls, the entry hallway was clearly meant to show off. The frames of the paintings, each of which depicted some powerful-looking devil figure, were gilded, as were the pedestals in the next hallway on which sat various marble and bronze busts.

A pair of servants quickly found them and led them towards the ballroom, something he highly doubted was necessary, since Venelana and Zeoticus had clearly been here countless times, but it was protocol, and so they did their duty. They reached it quickly, and Harry nodded to himself as he spotted the crier standing by the door.

"Lord Zeoticus Gremory and his wife, Lady Venelana Gremory," he announced as the pair of them walked in.

Rias took Harry's hand, reminding him to wait a moment, and he smiled at her, his eyes falling on the substantial cleavage she had on display. Her blue dress hugged her incredible body perfectly, the silk falling to her ankles like a waterfall. The high slit in the right side revealed a tantalizing view of her leg, while the low neckline showed off much of her creamy breasts. She was a vision, utterly beautiful, and while the deep blue of her gown complimented her eyes, it contrasted sharply with her crimson hair, which was arranged in a single crimson braid, falling along her back.

"Rias Gremory, heiress of the House of Gremory, and her escort for the evening, Harry Potter, newly turned devil," the man called out, and they walked in.

As they did so, most of the people already there turned to look at them, but that wasn't what made him freeze for a moment.

"I felt it too; just keep walking," Rias said under her breath, and he nodded subtly, continuing forward towards Zeoticus and Venelana, who were smiling amiably as they looked around. "Mother, did you…"

"A detection spell of some kind," Venelana replied. "Ignore it for now."

"Venelana," Minobella gushed as she walked towards them. "Fashionably late as ever."

"Grandmother did instill in us the need to never arrive early to a formal function," Venelana smiled.

Minobella was wearing a lavender gown that covered her completely and yet showed off her every incredible curve. As a devil, though she was clearly centuries old, she didn't look a day older than twenty-five, much like her sister. The two had much in common beyond their refusal to age, though, both having deep brown hair, purple eyes, and heart-shaped faces. He could see certain similarities between the woman and Rias, and as another woman approached them, he noticed the same sort of things in her, giving a pretty strong clue as to who she was, though the green hair would have tipped him off otherwise.

"Aunt Venelana, Uncle Zeoticus," Seekvaira nodded respectfully before turning her attention to Rias and grinning.

"Seekvaira," Rias smiled, hugging her, "I'd like you to meet Harry."

"Ah yes, your newly turned beau," a deep, booming voice said, and Harry turned to see a rather tall man with closely cropped green hair approach them, his pink eyes boring into him. "We've heard much about you."

"Have you, Lord Hafaer?" Harry asked, able to speak since he'd been addressed directly. "That's surprising, given how recently I was turned."

"Well, you made waves in the Underworld before you became a devil," Minobella chuckled. "Speaking of, I'd suggest you avoid that group of blondes currently doing their best not to glare at you behind me."

Harry's eyes flitted over to the Phenexes, and he saw Riser openly glaring at him. The others looked less fazed, and he noticed that the shorter girl was actually looking at him curiously, though from the disgust in her blue eyes, he figured that her curiosity was entirely about how Rias could have chosen him over her brother. The taller, more full-figured woman next to her didn't look at him at all, yet she radiated irritation, and Harry quickly looked away.

"They won't try anything while they're here, but it would still be wise to keep your distance," Hafaer nodded. "Anyway, welcome to our home, and please don't hesitate to ask the servants for anything you need. The feast will be beginning shortly."

"Thank you," Zeoticus nodded. "You've always been a most generous host."

"Well, when one can…" Minobella grinned.

"Rias, Sona got here a little while ago," Seekvaira piped up. "Would you care to help me help her escape?"

"Certainly," Rias grinned, taking Harry's hand. "Come; I want to introduce you to her."

"I'm surprised you haven't yet," Seekvaira said, furrowing her brow.

"It's been a busy few weeks, and he was stuck in Britain before that," Rias explained.

"Seekvaira, do stay close by," Minobella instructed. "There are still a few who have yet to arrive, including Lord Sirzechs."

"I'm sure he and Grayfia are just running a little late," Venelana shrugged.

"It's nice to meet you, Harry," Seekvaira smiled once they were far enough away from her parents, and he smiled in response.

"Likewise," Harry replied. "Rias has mentioned you a fair bit. She said you're a big fan of this Japanese program about robots."

"I take it you're not at all familiar with Gundam," Seekvaira chuckled, and he rubbed his neck.

"I'm afraid not," Harry replied. "My exposure to all things Japanese has been rather...limited over the years."

"I'm working on changing that," Rias grinned. "By the way, Seekvaira, your dress is gorgeous."

Harry couldn't deny that and happily took the excuse to look her over again. The tall, buxom beauty was wearing a white gown that clung to her amazing figure beautifully, not unlike her mother's in that regard, though the neckline plunged further, showing off a good deal of her cleavage. Her green hair was done up in a tight bun, also like her mother's, and Harry wondered just how much say she'd had in her appearance that night.

"Yours is gorgeous," Seekvaira gushed. "The blue brings out your eyes so well, and I don't think I realized just how much you'd grown the last couple times we saw each other."

"Well, given our heritage, certain things were inevitable," Rias chuckled, enjoying it as her cousin's eyes lingered on her large breasts for a moment.

"I can't deny that," Seekvaira chuckled. "Ah, there's Sona, and...yes, we should help her."

"Ooh, you look so wonderful, Sona," Serafall gushed. "I think we should adjust your dress a little though; just enough to show off what a wonderful figure you're developing…"

"Could you not?" Sona muttered through clenched teeth.

"Serafall, please don't bother your sister," a similar-looking woman sighed, and Serafall pouted at her.

"I just want my beautiful little sister to look her best, Mother," Serafall argued.

"Rias, hi," Sona smiled as she spotted her, sounding utterly relieved. "This must be Harry; hello."

"Hello, Miss Sitri," Harry smiled, feeling a chill go down his spine as Serafall's icy blue eyes narrowed at him.

"Sona, please," Sona replied. "Rias has told me so much about you, I feel like we already met."

"You're the one who accompanied Rias to the Waterfall a while back," Salma smiled.

"I am, Lady Salma," Harry nodded. "It was utterly wonderful."

"Such a polite young man," Salma nodded, her eyes quite calculating as she looked at him and Rias.

"Your cousin, Sairaorg, arrived a few minutes ago," Sona added. "Would you like me to show you to him?"

"Yes, please," Rias replied, and Sona practically dragged her away, something that it took all of her willpower not to laugh at.

"Thank you," the Sitri heiress muttered the moment they were out of sight of her sister.

"Anytime," Rias chuckled. "Anyway, Harry, Sona here is my dearest friend."

"It is nice to meet you," Harry chuckled, taking her hand in his and kissing her knuckles. Doing the same to Seekvaira, he added, "Both of you. I take it our timing was good."

"How much have you told him?" Sona asked, eyeing Rias, who created a barrier around them that destroyed any sound that tried to pass through it.

"Enough," she replied. "We also met Lady Serafall at The Waterfall."

"I heard about that," Sona nodded. "I hope she wasn't too weird."

"She…" Harry went to say that she'd warned him to stay away from Sona, but Rias had informed him that that was because she knew he was an incubus, something that Seekvaira didn't know yet. "She was perfectly lovely, if a bit intense. Her intervention was well-timed, given how furious Riser Phenex was."

"He caused a scene in a place as public as The Waterfall?" Seekvaira asked. "You would think that Lady Regina would have reined him in by now. I know she's not nearly as lax with her daughter."

"How familiar are you with Ravel?" Rias asked, curious.

"We met at a Rating Game a few months ago," Seekvaira replied. "I got the sense that she was a girl who wants to break free from her older brothers' shadows eventually but is content to stay where she is for now. She picked my brain about the games and selecting one's peerage but didn't seem to believe that she'd be in a position to do so for years."

"Well, you'll have an easier time connecting with her or any of the Phenexes than I will for a while," Rias muttered. She hadn't set out to infuriate an entire devil clan, much less one so prominent, but there was little choice in the matter once her betrothal to Riser came to look nearly inescapable.

"So how did you two meet?" Seekvaira asked. "I neglected to ask Rias the last time I saw her."

"I got into a bit of trouble in my old school and needed help," Harry replied. "A friend of mine had a book on devil summoning, lent it to me, and I was lucky enough to choose to summon a devil of House Gremory."

"I know you mean because of how things turned out for you two, but you have no idea how lucky you really are," Seekvaira winced. "Summoning devils at complete random can be highly dangerous for the uninitiated. Um, did I say something?"

"Let's just say that I've already come across proof of that," Harry replied, not wanting to get into the subject of his mother just then, and he smiled when Rias snaked a hand around the nape of his neck, smiling warmly up at him.

"Right," Seekvaira nodded, sensing that was a topic best avoided. "So Rias, you said that you'd found four pawns, and Harry is presumably one of them. Who are the others?"

"Our friends, Luna…" Rias began.

"She's the one who lent me that book," Harry interjected.

"Hermione, and Fleur," Rias continued. "Fleur's the Veela that the Phenexes are so upset about."

"Right," Seekvaira nodded. "So you three were simple magicians. Who required multiple pawns?"

"Fleur took two, and Harry took four," Rias replied, and her eyebrows shot towards her forehead.

"Really?" Seekvaira asked, genuinely curious. "Do…"

"Seekvaira," Minobella hissed, destroying the barrier Rias had put up with ease. "Mephisto Pheles has arrived, and your cousin Sirzechs has also been spotted."

"Duty calls," Seekvaira muttered. "Coming, Mother."

"She's going to report that back to her mother," Harry pointed out.

"The truth about you will come out eventually, Harry," Rias whispered in his ear. "We're just going to try to keep it quiet for a little while longer."

"Rias?" a booming voice asked, and Harry turned to see a mountain of a man in a black suit, not unlike his own, standing there.

"Sairaorg!" Rias exclaimed, hugging him. "Harry, this is my cousin, Sairaorg Bael. Sairaorg, this is Harry, my boyfriend."

"A pleasure to meet you," Sairaorg nodded, offering his hand.

"Likewise," Harry replied, shaking the other man's hand and keeping his face as neutral as he could as he felt just how strong he was.

The two of them were of similar heights, but while Harry had put on some muscle over the last year, he thought he still looked like a stick next to the other dark-haired man.

"Is Uncle Sechras here?" Rias asked, and Sairaorg nodded.

"He is," the man said simply, sounding like he'd rather eat a bowl of nails than speak further about his father.

"Of course, that might be his regular breakfast," Harry thought to himself, wondering if it would be a breach of protocol to ask the man about his workout routine.

"I just spoke with Lady Roygun earlier," Sairaorg said. "All the true legends of the games seem to be here tonight."

"She's here?" Rias asked. "She doesn't usually come to events like this."

"If you want her autograph, I could try to help," Sona teased, and Rias glared at her.

"She's the highest-ranking woman in the Games," Rias muttered. "It's only natural for me to be interested in her."

"I could introduce you if you like," Sairaorg smiled.

"She's the one you said had horns, right?" Harry asked.

"She does indeed," Sairaorg nodded, his eyes darting to Harry's horns. "That's a very unique reaction to the evil pieces."

"I like them," Rias replied, ghosting her hand over one of them. "I would like to meet Lady Roygun, Sairaorg."

"Of course," Sairaorg nodded. "Sona?"

"Oh, I'll tag along," Sona smiled. "Who knows what I could learn?"

*****

"I take you're the one I corresponded with?" Deirdre asked as she sat down.

Sean immediately made his way towards their table, carrying a drink he set down by her.

"Redbreast twelve on the rocks, Mrs. McAllen," he said, and she smiled up at him.

"You're a dear man, Sean," she murmured, sipping her drink as he left them alone.

"Yes, I'm Hermione," Hermione replied.

"So what in the world does a bunch of kids who probably aren't old enough for the beers they're drinking want with a man like Declan Lynch?" she asked, her eyes dimming as she mentioned him.

"As I said in my letters, Harry Potter wishes to consult with him," Hermione replied.

"And where is Harry Potter?" Deirdre asked.

"He had a prior engagement," Akeno replied. "Akeno Himejima, ma'am."

"Harry's rather busy, as you can imagine," Luna murmured. "He sent us to speak with you on his behalf."

"Well, I'm afraid that Potter is out of luck," Deirdre sighed. "Mister Lynch died just over a week ago."

"I'm so sorry," Hermione breathed, acting like it was the first time they'd heard it. No public announcement of Declan's passing had been made, so they decided to play it off as though they thought that he was still alive.

"Thank you, dearie," Deirdre sighed. "He was such a dear man."

"Really?" Fleur asked, her tone sounding almost incredulous, and Akeno kicked her under the table. "I just mean that so little about him is known."

"He was a very private man," Deirdre replied, sipping her whiskey. "To be honest, I worked for him for over thirty years, and I still don't know how he came to learn of me."

"You didn't apply for your job?" Hermione asked, confused.

"No," Deirdre chuckled, clearly wanting to talk about her late boss. "I had graduated from Hogwarts and was working as a minor secretary to Miles Burke, the head of the Department of Magical Artefacts at the time when I received a letter asking to meet."

"That didn't strike you as odd?" Akeno asked.

"Of course it did," Deirdre scoffed, "but when I read just who wanted to meet with me, I figured it was worth a shot. We had our first meeting not far from here, and Merlin, he was wonderful. I thought...well, I didn't realize that he wanted to offer me a job at first, but it turned out that his old personal secretary had retired and he was looking for a replacement. For someone as busy and as private as him, it was necessary to keep someone employed to deal with their correspondence and handle other odd jobs that he didn't have time for. I nearly thought he wasn't going to hire me at all when he found out that my eyes were going."

She chuckled at that last part, and Luna furrowed her brow in confusion.

"Why would that be a problem?" she asked. "You're not blind, clearly."

"Might as bloody well be," Deirdre muttered, taking her glasses off and showing them to them. "I don't wear these things to make a fashion statement, dearie. Anyway, he was surprised to learn that my eyes had started to degrade the year before, given that I was still too vain to wear glasses yet, but offered me the job anyway, once I promised to get a pair. That was in sixty-two, and I've worked for him ever since. I'm going to miss that sweet old man."

"Who's taken over the house elf business now?" Hermione asked.

"His son, Liam," Deirdre replied. "Such a handsome young man, that one, and so very respectful. He's agreed to keep me on for the time being, thank goodness."

"Could Harry meet with him?" Hermione asked.

"You still haven't quite told me why Harry Potter of all people wanted to meet with his father," Deirdre replied.

"Well, as you might have read, Harry recently emigrated to Japan and has recently become engaged to a local woman from a rather wealthy family," Hermione explained. "He brought two house elves with him and they've already quite impressed a number of people there. We know that the Lynches haven't yet broken into the Asian markets and wondered if Declan Lynch or his son might be interested in a business partnership to that effect."

"Well, I can't say I expected that," Deirdre chuckled. "All I can promise is that I will relay this to Mister Lynch, and we'll see what he has to say. I know that his father had spoken about attempting to sell the elves to the wealthier magical families in China, but I don't think Japan interested him much. Still, his son's opinion on the matter could be quite different; I'm not yet that familiar with him."

"Well, as you're relaying this to him, let him know also that Harry's going to be leaving for Australia in the second week of August and not returning from there until school goes back in September, at which point it will be difficult to arrange anything before the winter break," Hermione added, and Deirdre's eyes narrowed.

"That's not a very wide window then," she muttered.

"No, but then, they could meet in the winter if necessary," Akeno added, subtly taking Fleur's hand under the table. "If Liam Lynch wants to make inroads into Asia and if a deal could be reached between him and Harry to help with that, getting started on it more quickly could only benefit both parties, though."

"As I say, I'll inform Mister Lynch of what we discussed," Deirdre nodded, finishing her drink and flagging down the waiter for her bill. "I must be going, though."

"Of course," Hermione replied. "Thank you for your time and for agreeing to let your boss know about Harry's offer. He's confident that both he and Mister Lynch could make quite a bit of money if this works out."

"The final decision will lie with Mister Lynch, though," Deirdre said flatly as she paid her bill. "Have a good evening, girls."

"You as well," they replied as they watched her go, with Hermione silencing the area around their table again the moment she was gone.

"Do you think that will work?" Fleur asked.

"I think it was our best bet," Hermione replied. "The house elves are the only thing that the public associate the Lynch family with, and a young English heir with more money than sense reaching out to try and do business with him after moving to Asia is believable enough."

"We'll give him a couple days to reply before trying something less diplomatic," Akeno added. "She seems rather devoted."

"Rather convinced that her old boss was a good man too," Luna murmured. "Our evidence against him is entirely circumstantial."

"If it's not him, then we've failed, and my father is…" Fleur trailed off, choking up as she tried and failed to finish that sentence. "No other leads we've followed have panned out, and we've ruled out most of our other suspects at this point."

"We have enough reason to be suspicious of Declan Lynch at least," Hermione agreed.

Fleur nodded and sighed, well aware both that he was their best remaining suspect, even if he had died recently, and that they were running out of time. She hadn't heard from her family since she escaped them after confronting her father, but it had been days, and his third round of symptoms would undoubtedly be starting soon if it hadn't already. No sooner had that thought popped into her head than she felt a familiar presence appear under their table, and her eyes widened in shock.

"Mistress Fleur?" Bernadette asked quietly, making everyone at the table go instantly tense.

"Bernadette?" Fleur asked, looking under the table in surprise. "What are you doing here?"

Her family's house elf seldom ever left their chateau, and she felt her blood freeze in her veins at the thought of what it would have taken for her parents to send her to her.

"Mistress Fleur, it's the master," Bernadette replied, her big eyes looking bloodshot and watery.

"No," Fleur breathed, feeling like her heart was going to implode in on itself. "He…"

"He's very sick again," Bernadette replied. "Mistress Apolline asks that you come home and promises that you won't be arrested."

"I can go with you to make sure," Akeno offered, and Fleur nodded.

"Hermione, Luna, head back to the Rookery," the blonde said. "I'll take Akeno and see what's going on."

"If you're sure that you don't want us there," Luna murmured.

"We could see if we can't learn more about the particular topic we were just discussing," Hermione said, not wanting to mention the Lynches in front of Bernadette. "Let us know if you need anything."

"I will," Fleur nodded, and the four quickly paid their bill, each wondering how bad Sebastian's condition had to have gotten for her mother to reach out as she had.

*****

"So my overall strategy is generally divide and conquer," Roygun grinned. "Striking hard and fast from the start to shock and disorient my opponent has worked more often than you'd think, and once you have your foe off balance, trying to get their pieces moved to different parts of whatever territory we're fighting on can make it dead easy to crush them piece by piece until I've got an opening to their king. My focus is generally power, though, so if you employ a different sort of set, it probably won't work quite as well for you."

"Yeah, of course," Rias nodded, keeping her face entirely neutral with well-practiced ease despite how confusing she'd found that entire conversation. "Thank you, Lady Roygun; that was quite enlightening."

"I look forward to facing you someday," Roygun grinned, running her fingers through her long, pink hair. "As Lord Sirzechs' little sister, I'm sure you're already quite the combatant."

"I've had my share of fights, though no games yet," Rias nodded, spotting Harry across the ballroom chatting with her brother. "Excuse me."

"...accidentally destroyed not just the doorknob but the whole door to the servants' change room," Sirzechs chuckled, making her Harry snort.

"You said you were seven at the time?" he asked.

"I was a precocious little thing," Sirzechs sighed. "Mother was less than pleased, of course, though Father found the whole thing...Rias. I saw you chatting with Roygun Belphegor just now."

"Yes, I nearly managed to speak with her before the feast started, but then it did," Rias smiled. "She's...fascinating."

"That's been my overall opinion from the couple times we've met," Sirzechs replied. "Excuse me, you two, but my gorgeous wife clearly wants to dance."

They looked and saw Grayfia sitting with a couple other women, looking not at all like she wanted to dance, but neither pointed that out as the most powerful being in the room weaved his way across the dance floor with cat-like grace.

"Who's that with Grayfia?" Harry asked.

"Fierna Astaroth and Kyla Vapula," Rias replied. "Lady Kyla is the wife of Lord Balon Vapula, the current lord of that house, while Fierna is married to Lord Diolon's younger brother Delion. Her daughter is the beautiful blonde in the pink dress over there, dancing with her cousin Diadora."

"I met him earlier," Harry murmured. "I don't think I've been glared at quite like that since Draco Malfoy was still a thorn in my side."

"He wouldn't appreciate the comparison," Rias chuckled. "His opinion of humans isn't exactly glowing, and that extends to turned devils. Latia isn't terribly fond of him, and I imagine it took both her parents twisting her arm to get her to dance with him."

"Speaking of dancing, would you care to?" Harry asked, offering her his hand, and she smiled widely.

"I was beginning to think you wouldn't ask," Rias replied, taking his hand and letting him lead her to the floor.

"I've gone neither blind nor mad, so there was never any chance of that, I assure you," Harry replied, and she grinned as she felt his large, strong hand settle on her lower back. "How did your talk with that woman go? I could hear the conflict in your voice."

"It was strange, honestly," Rias replied, creating a barrier around the pair of them to keep their conversation from leaking out as they danced. "Given how high-ranking she is and how many victories she has under her belt, I expected...I don't know...more. She just didn't seem as tactically sound as I'd have expected someone with her reputation to be."

"Maybe she didn't want to share too much with a future competitor," Harry suggested.

"It's possible, but I doubt it," Rias replied. "It's not like I can't watch recordings of old Rating Games. That sort of research is pretty much mandatory for anyone starting out in them. It just sort of seemed like she had gotten very used to steamrolling her opponents."

"You did say she's pretty wickedly powerful," Harry pointed out.

"Yeah, but my brother is Sirzechs Lucifer," Rias sighed. "He's the textbook definition of overpowered, and yet he has a brilliant tactical mind too."

"He fought in the Great War, though," Harry replied, "and the Civil War. This Roygun isn't that much older than us, right? She probably hasn't had to fight in anything more serious than a Rating Game or a hunt for a stray devil in her life."

"That could explain it," Rias murmured. "I wouldn't exactly call these peace times, and even referring to the situation between us, Heaven, and the Fallen a detente would be overstating it, but no one born in the last few centuries has truly known outright war like it was during my grandparents' time."

"Have I said yet that you look utterly beautiful tonight?" Harry asked, and she giggled.

"Multiple times, though I don't mind hearing it again," Rias replied. "You've turned into a wonderful dancer, by the way."

"What can I say?" Harry replied. "I had a very good teacher. She was bloody hot too."

"Hmm?" Rias smirked. "Did you ever hope that she'd put you in dete…"

She trailed off, her heart nearly stopping as she felt the first warning probe of the bond hit. Harry and she stopped and he looked in concern.

"Rias?" he asked.

"It's fine," Rias replied. "It didn't trigger."

"Thank goodness for that," Harry sighed, twirling her around and leading her across the dance floor again, trying to give off the impression that nothing had gone wrong. "We can undo the bond if you want."

"It is making me stronger," Rias sighed, "and I've gotten a lot better at managing not to trigger it accidentally."

"It could be a weakness in combat, though," Harry pointed out. "When you start taking part in Rating Games, you'll be my commander in those battles, and the last thing either of us wants is for you to become too sex-crazed to think because you gave me an order."

"That's...something we'll need to test out," Rias admitted, paling at the thought. "I can still instruct you and still order you about in training, so that probably isn't a possibility, but it is something I hadn't considered. It only really seems to trigger when I try to rule you for entirely selfish reasons or joke about dominating you in bed, and even that's only because sexual domination is something I genuinely enjoy. I still say that the trade-off is more than worth it, though if I ever reach Sirzech's level, power-wise, then we'll absolutely do away with it. Do you think you'll bond Luna and Hermione on the next full moon?"

"Luna yes, Hermione, no," Harry replied. "It's just not in her nature, and I highly doubt she'd agree at all. I haven't even asked yet. I've barely thought about it at all over the past few weeks."

"Well, we've been rather distracted," Rias sighed. "I wonder how the others are doing in Ireland."

"Mind if I cut in?" Minobella asked, and the two froze, with Rias undoing her barrier before her aunt could again. "Venelana was saying earlier that you'd made quite the dancer out of this one, Rias."

"Not at all," Rias replied, tapping her fingers along the nape of his neck in a pattern they'd agreed meant 'go with it.' "I need a drink anyway."

"The champagne's flowing freely tonight, dear," Minobella smiled.

"It's lovely," Harry commented, and she smiled.

"I've enjoyed Bollinger's wines for centuries," Minobella replied. "Now come, and show me if my sister was exaggerating."

"I'll bring you a glass," Rias whispered in his ear, and he smiled.

"How have you been enjoying your first formal devil party?" Minobella asked as he took her hand and grasped the middle of her back.

"It's been wonderful," Harry replied, leading her to the beat of the music echoing through the ballroom. "The feast was fantastic. I don't think I had heard of half the dishes served in the many courses."

"Well, you grew up in England and now live in Japan, so fine French cuisine is likely lost on you," Minobella smirked, and he chuckled.

"I think you'd get along with Fleur, one of Rias' other pawns," he replied. "If I may ask, how long have you been this interested in France?"

"A very long time," Minobella replied. "In the fourteenth century, Cosimo de Medici summoned me seeking help in building up his family's fortune and power. The two of us worked together for decades, and I retained numerous connections to that family in the centuries that followed. When the first French king of the House of Bourbon, Henry IV, married a Medici woman, those ties extended to France, and my interest in the country only grew during the reign of his grandson, Louis XIV. Sirzechs' palace looks the way it does because I insisted on taking him on a trip to Versailles not long after they finished its construction, and he found it as marvelous as I did."

"You weren't kidding about it being a long time," Harry replied.

"My interest in them waned after the Revolution, entertaining as that bloodbath was, but enough of my contacts kept their heads that I retained significant ties to the country, and my interest was piqued again when I was fortunate enough to meet Auguste Escoffier," Minobella continued.

"Who?" Harry asked, and she sighed, rolling her eyes.

"The father of modern French cooking and one of the most brilliant culinary minds to ever live," she replied. "I actually offered to make him one of us, wanting to keep him as my personal chef for eternity, but he turned me down. Still, I made my chefs learn everything he knew and have enjoyed the benefits of that ever since. You are actually a good dancer."

"Thank you," Harry replied.

"If things ultimately work out with you and Rias, this will be your life, young man," Minobella said, and he furrowed his brow.

"Parties?" he asked, and she rolled her eyes.

"High society," she corrected him. "Look around and tell me what you see."

He did as she asked, noticing that numerous couple, were still dancing the night away, though around the fringes of the room, many more were standing or sitting together, chatting.

"Formal balls and feasts like this are chances for devils to show off their power, make themselves appear grand, and network." he recalled Venelana saying.

"I imagine everyone here knows pretty much everyone else," Harry commented, and she nodded. "Rias and your daughter certainly seem to."

He gestured over to where Seekvaira was speaking the buxom blonde girl Rias had pointed out earlier, and Minobella chuckled.

"Latia's her cousin," she said. "Her mother, Fierna, is my sister-in-law."

"Ah," Harry nodded.

"You're fortunate that few had any interest in speaking to you tonight," Minobella explained, "because that means that gaps in your knowledge like that didn't spread far, but if you intend to make a name for yourself, you will need to learn who everyone of importance is and how they're related."

"Yes," Harry nodded, wincing at that. He was surprised that Rias hadn't mentioned how they were related, but then, she'd had mere weeks to cram a lot of information into his head and had focused on the older, more important figures for obvious reasons.

"Harry," Rias breathed, and Harry turned around and looked at her in alarm. A sheen of sweat covered her gorgeous, creamy skin her face looked slightly flushed, and her pupils were blown wide.

"Rias?" Harry asked, letting Minobella go immediately.

"Could I borrow you for a moment?" Rias asked, taking his hand and practically dragging him away before he or her aunt could reply.

"Rias, what's wrong?" Harry whispered in her ear, catching up with her quickly and trying to make the way they were darting around dancing couples look more normal. "Is it the bond?"

"No," Rias replied. "Explain in a...sec."

That last word came out as a squeak, and Harry was glad that the music was loud enough to drown it out. She led him out of the ballroom, through one of the side doors, and then through numerous hallways before letting herself into what looked like a very ornate bedroom.

"This is...oh fuck...the room I was always put in when we stayed over," Rias whimpered.

"Rias, what's wrong?" Harry asked.

"I was hit with a lust curse," Rias replied. "I'd destroy it myself, but I can barely focus on anything, and I'd ask my mother or Sirzechs to do it, but that would mean telling them about it...please help me."

"A lust...who the fuck did this?!" Harry demanded.

"Honestly, it could be anyone," Rias muttered. "We'll figure that out later, but for now...ahh!"

She waved her hand over her body, and her dress and underwear disappeared at once, revealing her gorgeous body to his hungry eyes.

"Holy shit, you're soaked," Harry breathed, noticing how her inner thighs were already glistening with her arousal and her pussy was actively drooling.

"I soaked through my panties before I even reached you," Rias muttered. "Much longer and I'd have smelled like a fucking whorehouse. Please, help me, Harry."

"This sort of help you can ask me for anytime," Harry grinned. "Once you're feeling better, though, we're figuring out who's responsible."

"And fucking destroying them," Rias hissed, crying out as his fingers brushed through her sopping wet folds.

"Fuck me, you smell amazing," Harry breathed, vanishing his suit and sinking to his knees as she sat down on the bed.

He silenced the room with a wave of his hand before turning back to the beautiful redhead. Figuring out who did this would be their priority later, but for now, he had to make sure that Rias could return to the ballroom without making a scene that she'd regret, and as he started kissing his way up along one of her slick thighs, he knew just how to start.

"Yes!" Rias screamed, grabbing his head as he started to absolutely feast on her dripping quim.

"Fucking hell, you're so wet," Harry groaned, eagerly drinking down her tangy fluids. "I should have had you sit on my face, luv. I adore when you drown me."

"I...ahh...don't think I could sit still," Rias gasped, grinding her cunt on his lips and tongue. "Don't take your time, baby. We can't disappear for too long. Just fucking break me and HARRY!"

She squealed as he started speaking Parseltongue against her sensitive clit, squirting all over him. Harry grinned, happily drinking every drop he could, and plunged three fingers into her spasming tunnel, pressing them against her g-spot.

"YES, YES, YES!" Rias shrieked, writhing in ecstasy as one orgasm blended into the next.

As turned on as she'd ever been under the effects of the bond, she was as sensitive as physically possible, and Harry knew very well how to deal with her when she was like this. He cast a quick cleaning charm on her rosette just to be safe and lowered his still vibrating tongue there, making her squeak. Moving back and forth between them, he bathed her clenching, pulsating holes, returning to her clit every time he sensed that she was coming down even the slightest bit. The crimson-haired beauty lay there convulsing like she was being electrocuted, plateaued at the absolute peak of sensation as orgasm after soul-sear orgasm drove her wild.

"Need...more," Rias panted when he finally stopped, either several minutes, hours, or days later, for as little sense as she could make of the world around her in that state.

"I'll give you more," Harry grinned, lining himself up before sinking to the hilt inside her molten depths. "I'm not going to stop fucking you until you beg me to."

"Fuck!" Rias screamed, wrapping her arms and legs around him tightly, desperate to feel his warm, muscular body pressed against hers.

She leaned in and licked his neck, burying her face in his long, dark hair and inhaling his scent. Her entire race was created because Lucifer was kicked out of heaven, and yet as she lay there, stuffed to her limit by the love of her life and completely enveloped by him, she didn't honestly know how anything up there could possibly feel more like paradise than this. Harry pulled most of his incredibly thick cock from her pussy before plunging back in hard, making her scream. Her nails raked down his back as he set a hard, fast pace, knowing that the last thing she needed was time to adjust to him, and he hissed in pleasurable pain as she drew blood.

"More, more!" Rias screamed, her eyes going wide as he grabbed her hands and pinned them above her head. His green eyes were black with lust, looking utterly wild, and she swore she nearly came again just from seeing his desire.

"Did that help at all?" he asked.

"It did," Rias panted. "I can still feel it, and I need more, but the orgasms helped. This wasn't one of the guests, Harry. Not even Riser would be so stupid."

"Who then?" he asked, not slowing his pace at all.

"My aunt," Rias replied. "That thing we felt when...fuck, right there...we entered was one of her servants or familiars checking to see how powerful we were, and when you two danced earlier, she was probably checking you out magically there as well."

"What are we going to do?" Harry asked, changing the angle of thrusts to hit the spot that had made her scream again.

"I'll...oh fuck...tell my mother and let her deal with it," Rias moaned. "This is...fuck...good news, though."

"How?" Harry asked.

"It means she has no fucking idea what you are," Rias replied. "She wouldn't be probing at random like this if she did. Just a little more, just a...YES!"

She squealed as she came again, and Harry groaned at the feeling of her tight tunnel spasming around his length. He fucked her through her orgasm, drawing out her pleasure as much as he could, and once she went limp under him, he pulled out and flipped her over before dragging her down until her knees were on the floor.

"I am going to have to carry you for the rest of the night at this rate," Harry whispered in her ear, making her shiver. "Everyone in the ballroom is going to know that you dragged me off so I could fuck your beautiful brains out."

"YES!" Rias screamed as he plunged back inside her to the hilt. She knew it wasn't true and that she would manage to heal her muscles, achy as they'd be by the time he was done, enough so that she wouldn't even limp back in, but the thought of every major devil in the Underworld knowing what they were doing just then was so hot it made her insides clench. "Fuck me, you fucking stud, and then seed me. I want your cum to drip down my thighs for the rest of the night. FUCK!"

She shrieked as he brought his hand down on her arse hard and clawed at the bedding, swearing that she already felt close again. While furious with her aunt for this, she had to admit that the absolutely cosmic sex almost made her curse worth it.

*****

"Mother, why are you...Lucifer's light!" Seekvaira cried as she walked into the room she sensed her mother was in and saw what she was doing.

"Close the door," Minobella commanded, and Seekvaira obeyed, though not for her sake.

"What the fuck?" the green-haired woman hissed.

Her mother had rendered a portion of the wall dividing the room she'd ducked into from the bedroom on the other side of it invisible, presumably one way, and was observing as Rias was bent over and absolutely ravaged by her boyfriend. Seekvaira stood there, slack-jawed and wide-eyed, unable to look away.

"What the fuck indeed," Minobella chuckled. "That was what I asked when I found out that Venelana was actually letting her daughter continue dating some newly turned devil. I understood what she did with Riser Phenex, betrothing Rias to an obnoxious tool to see if she could find a way out of it, but letting her continue to see her boy-toy afterward, that didn't make sense. Seekvaira?!"

"What?" Seekvaira asked, blinking repeatedly to moisten her dry eyes since she doubted she'd done so once since she entered the room, transfixed as she was by the sight before her.

Harry was good-looking; she knew that. He was tall and handsome with some of the most gorgeous eyes she'd ever seen but it turned out she didn't know the half of it. His body was lean and muscular, not as bulky as Sairaorg Bael's, but visibly strong, and he had a prominent scar on his shoulder that she could make out, which served to make him look even more like a warrior. The most remarkable thing, though, had to be his cock.

"He's bigger than any of my toys," she thought to herself, "and he's fucking her with an intensity none of my machines ever manage."

He had Rias bent over the bed in the room and was fucking her so hard and fast it was a wonder he didn't slip out of her, though given how fucking big he seemed to be, perhaps that wasn't so shocking.

"What did you do?" Seekvaira asked, finally snapping out of it.

"I had a mild lust draft put into her champagne," Minobella replied simply.

"Why?" Seekvaira asked.

"Because I had ruled out everything else," Minobella muttered. "My familiar gauged his power when he entered and saw that, while impressive for a newly turned devil, he's nothing extraordinary, and I probed him extensively while we danced to see if I could find any evidence of a sacred gear in him, but found nothing at all. He's from a relatively wealthy family by wizard standards, but not excessively so, and yet I've even heard rumors that she plans to let them marry.

"Marry?" Seekvaira asked, looking away from the scene in shock.

"A couple of the Gremorys' servants were chatting about something one of them thought they'd overheard in the bar I own in Lilith a few weeks ago," Minobella replied. "You'd be amazed how chatty the help can get when they have a few. It's why I own cheep bars throughout the underworld and why I'm so careful to ensure that our own servants hear as little as possible around here. I wondered why Venelana might allow such a thing and what could be so special about the boy, and so I arranged for this little test. Tell me what you see, Seekvaira?"

"A woman in absolute ecstasy," Seekvaira replied, shivering as the look on her cousin's face made the fire in her core flare hotter. She looked like she was in the middle of one long, continuous orgasm, and the puddle of fluids on the floor under her suggested that that might actually be true.

"Indeed," Minobella chuckled. "It would seem that the answer was the simplest one of all: Rias is just a silly girl in love with the stud she found, and Venelana's gone soft."

Minobella chuckled at that and Seekvaira rolled her eyes.

"Her son is Sirzechs Lucifer," she muttered, enjoying the way that her mother glared at her for that. "She hardly needs more than that in life, so why shouldn't she let Rias be with him if she wants to be? Clearly they're rather fond of each other."

She understated that deliberately, feeling her panties grow uncomfortably wet as she watched Harry pull out of her completely and levitate her up until she was pressed against the very wall they were watching through.

"Fuck me," she thought to herself when he started walking towards them, his massive, clearly heavy cock bobbing with his every step. "He's like a horse...no, a bull. No wonder Rias is so taken with him."

"Ah, the follies of youth," Minobella sighed dramatically. "One can never have too much power, my daughter, nor too much wealth, nor too much influence. Harry Potter is an impressive specimen to be sure, and I'll admit that men that large are rare treats, but there are a few born in every generation on Earth and even more among the devils. If you want to indulge yourself with a man like that, feel free, but you wed for power, money, and status, my dear. Never forget that."

Seekvaira shuddered as her mother undid the spell he'd cast on the wall and turned to leave the room.

"Fleur took two, and Harry took four," she remembered Rias saying earlier, and she considered telling her mother so just to point out that she'd clearly overlooked something, given that no ordinary human wizard should have required four pawns, but she ultimately decided against it. "If Mother thinks she's found her answer, then she won't do anything else insane for the foreseeable future."

"You realize that this could have ended very poorly, right?" she asked, and Minobella halted. "If Rias had made a fool of herself back in the ballroom, Aunt Venelana would have wanted blood."

"I made sure that she'd be spirited away subtly if things escalated faster than I anticipated, but I doubted that was likely," her mother chuckled. "She, as I expected, grabbed him at once and took him to her old room here. Now, it doesn't do for a hostess to be away from her own party for long, nor for her daughter to be. Come along."

"Give me a moment," Seekvaira replied. "I'll be along shortly."

Minobella narrowed her eyes for a moment but relented and left her alone.

Seekvaira let out a breath she didn't even realize she'd been holding once she was alone and slumped against the wall, her mind still replaying the scene she'd just witnessed. Either Rias or Harry had silenced the room, so she hadn't been able to hear her cousin's pleasured screams, but she knew from the way she looked that she had been screaming and squealing in ecstasy, and it drove the other devil wild. She bit down gently on one of her knuckles and shivered, taking a moment to recollect herself and try to calm down. If she'd had the time, she'd have snuck away to her room and taken care of this herself, but she knew that she didn't and decided to just focus on her breathing instead.

"I wonder just what is so special about him, besides the obvious," she thought to herself, figuring that whatever it was, she'd likely find out in time.

*****

"Mama?" Fleur asked cautiously as she let herself into her family home.

"I don't sense danger yet, but…" Akeno went to say when Apolline rushed over.

"Fleur, thank goodness," she breathed, embracing her daughter.

"Mama, what...what's happened?" Fleur asked, noticing how bloodshot her mother's eyes were as she pulled back.

"Oh, Fleur, it was awful," Apolline wept. "Your papa had been tired for a few days again, and we knew that something was going to happen, but we weren't prepared for it. Earlier today, he collapsed to the ground and began screaming in pain."

"What happened?" Fleur breathed. "What did the healers say?"

"He had started to overheat terribly," Apolline replied.

"A fever?" Akeno asked, and she looked over at her in confusion. "Oh, I'm Akeno Himejima, a friend of Fleur's from Japan."

"Another one who speaks perfect French," Apolline noted. "It wasn't really a fever. He...oh, goodness, I shouldn't say this in front of strangers. Fleur, if you could…"

"Akeno's my lover too," Fleur added, and her eyes widened. "Harry and I share her and she knows everything so far."

"You...we're going to have a lengthy conversation at some point about what you haven't told me," Apolline muttered. "The overheating was very...area specific...it was his balls."

"Oh, Merlin," Fleur breathed. "He…"

"Gabrielle was here when it happened too and witnessed her father fall to the floor and clutch himself desperately as he started screaming in agony," Apolline sobbed. "She's in her room now, a complete wreck, and I'm no better. Sebastian is at the hospital, knocked unconscious and being kept in an ice bath to try to prevent permanent damage. The other symptoms were bad enough, but this...I've seen your papa nurse countless wounds over the years and never act like they were more annoying than a paper cut. Please tell me your investigation has borne fruit, Fleur. The aurors won't tell me anything, and he just keeps saying that they're working on it, but I'm so scared…"

"We're close," Fleur promised, feeling rage and fear both bloom in her heart. "We can't say for sure who did it yet, but I know we're close."

"Promise me that if you find the one who did this, you won't go after them yourself," Apolline sighed.

"If I find him, I'll make sure that he's dealt with by people more than capable of doing so," Fleur replied, and her mother nodded, not even bothering to ask if she meant the aurors.

"You said that your other daughter is upstairs?" Akeno asked.

"Yes," Apolline sighed. "Fleur, if you could speak with her. I haven't been able to do much."

"Of course," Fleur nodded. "Akeno, could you make us all some tea?"

"Sure," Akeno replied.

"I'll show you to the kitchen," Apolline sighed, feeling so drained that she couldn't even bring herself to question this stunningly beautiful woman that her daughter was clearly sleeping with. She had sensed the essence of others on both Fleur and Harry when they were there but had not bothered asking, figuring that she'd tell her eventually.

"What about the arrest warrant for Fleur?" Akeno asked.

"There are no aurors here," Apolline replied, "and Sebastian never formally filed one after she left."

Akeno nodded at that and set about trying her best to help, thinking to herself that one way or another, they would have their meeting with Liam Lynch soon.

*****

"An intriguing offer," Liam murmured to himself as Deirdre finished her report.

"I did as you asked, sir," she nodded, "and pretended to open up about your father's passing."

"How did they react?" he asked.

"They were sympathetic for the most part, though the Veela had an odd edge to her," Deirdre replied, and he stilled in his high-backed chair.

"Veela?" he asked. "Was she French?"

"She spoke perfect English," Deirdre replied. "I'd guess she was born in London, given the accent."

"And yet, from what I've heard, no Veela has attended Hogwarts in decades," Liam mused. "Granted, I don't get out much, but still...look into my eyes."

Deirdre nodded and gazed up into his beautiful, pale blue eyes, wincing as she felt the probe of legilimency hit her undefended mind.

"Fleur Delacour," he scowled as he finished observing her memory. "Damn!"

He recognized her both from the articles he'd read on the tournament that had been held at Hogwarts the previous year and his own research from months previously.

"Fleur Delacour, with a perfect London accent," he thought to himself, tapping his fingers on the desk in front of him.

"Leave us," Liam commanded softly. "You did well."

"Thank you, sir," Deirdre replied, turning and using the floo to leave his tower.

"Damn it all!" Liam hissed, recalling a conversation he'd had weeks earlier.

"What the hell are you doing here?" he asked as Reinhardt appeared before him.

"I tracked your basket back," Reinhardt chuckled, leaning on a cane he hadn't used the last time they saw each other. "You didn't need to use such crude methods to requisition my goods."

"I hoped to avoid this conversation," Liam muttered.

"Just as antisocial as all ze Lynches," Reinhardt chuckled. "Funny zat."

"I don't have time for you," Liam hissed. "I have work to do: schemes to plan, people to kill."

"Like Sebastian Delacour?" Reinhardt asked, and he went still before glaring at the older man.

"I would ask how you knew that, but then, you do have a habit of knowing things you shouldn't, don't you?" Liam asked.

"I have traded in information for longer zan you've been alive," Reinhardt chuckled, "and it is out of...sentiment, zat I must varn you zat zis plan of yours is not going to vork out in your favor."

"Delacour's hardly the most high-profile figure I've ever tangled with, and he's drawing too close to something that would ruin everything here," Liam scowled.

"All I will say is that zat he is not without significant resources," Reinhardt replied, "und, as someone who has long enjoyed ze good fortunes of the House of Lynch, I would be remiss not to warn you against zis. You used my curse, did you not? My advice would be to end it before it is too late."

"If I end it now, the good fortunes of my house, as you put it, will be at risk," Liam muttered. "If that stubborn fool had just abandoned the investigation decades ago when everyone else around him said to, we wouldn't be here."

"I have said my piece," Reinhardt shrugged. "Good luck, Herr Lynch."

Without another word, he disappeared, and Liam rolled his eyes, muttering something unflattering under his breath about Germans.

"He knew more than he let on," he hissed, contemplating contacting the old man before deciding against it. "Pour me a glass of the Redbreast twenty-seven."

"Yes, master," Grubby, one of his personal elves replied, and he sighed, leaning back in his chair.

"I tried to be subtle," he thought to himself. "I tried to eliminate that wretched interloper in a way that would see his underlings spend the next few years searching Australia before giving up. I should have dropped the hammer when they found my safehouse in France, but there was nothing there linked to me in any way; I'm sure of that. Now, though, Delacour's daughter and the English golden boy are sniffing at my doorstep."

The problem had grown significantly more serious, and that required a more serious approach. As his elf handed him his whiskey, he took a sip and closed his eyes, contemplating the problem before scowling. If they were getting close to him, that meant he was going to have to deal with them all more harshly and completely.

"I do so hate making a mess," he sighed to himself. "Still, needs must."

He set his drink down and pulled out a roll of parchment and his favorite quill as he set about replying to Harry Potter, writing that his idea sounded splendid and that he was looking forward to meeting with him at his tower.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Brawlingbard, Markuz Black, Fridrich and 201 others
voivode_writer
Oct 14, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 40 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Oct 28, 2025
Add bookmark
#855
"Holy...shit," Rias panted as she came down from her latest orgasm. "Oh wow, that was good."

"Are you feeling better?" Harry asked, and she nodded.

"Yeah, it...passed, whatever it was," Rias panted, reaching down between her legs and smiling when she felt his cum fill her hand. "I love it when you cum inside me."

"Are you going to be able to walk back in there?" Harry asked, and she grinned.

"I wouldn't try dancing anymore tonight, but I can walk, yes," Rias replied.

"Why the hell would your aunt do this?" Harry asked. "Isn't it a little extreme for a test?"

"Aunt Minobella's always been a little...unusual," Rias replied, sucking more of his cum from her fingers before scooping more out. "If we had made a public scene back there, I'd be far more upset, but as it is, I'm pleased to have her think that I'm just with you for your incredible body. It should keep her from looking too closely."

"So we're not going to do anything?" Harry asked.

"No, as I said, we'll tell my mother," Rias replied. "She will find ways to strike back at her sister that will get under her skin, and we'll let them handle it. I've explained their rivalry before, and generally, it's best not to insert yourself between devils who have been rivals for centuries. So long as she stays out of Kuoh and doesn't do anything to embarrass me publicly, I'm happy to let Mother handle her. Now, let's get redressed and return to the party."

Harry dressed them both with a wave of his hand before offering it to Rias, who smiled and took it. Her legs were a little unsteady, but they walked slowly, and by the time they reached the ballroom, she wasn't limping at all anymore. Venelana spotted them immediately and made her way over, her face a mask of indifference even as she was clearly concerned.

"Rias, Harry," she said quietly, "I was beginning to think you had gotten lost."

"Oh, nothing like that, Mother," Rias smiled, conjuring a note and slipping it into her hand. "I was just showing Harry around the palace."

"Yes, it really is beautiful," Harry replied, shielding Venelana from view as she read the note.

A M hit me with a lust curse.
Probably thinks I'm just obsessed with Harry's body now.
What should we do?

"Bitch," Venelana mouthed silently before nodding and destroying the note.

She turned to look at her sister, who smiled at her warmly, albeit with a smug gleam in her purple eyes, and a smirk appeared on her face.

"Follow," Venelana commanded softly, leading them on through the still crowded ballroom.

"Lana," Minobella smiled as she spotted her.

"Bella," Venelana replied, her tone just as falsely sweet. After casting a spell to enhance her voice, she turned around and called out, "May I have everyone's attention?"

Minobella froze, wondering what her sister had in mind just then.

The music stopped, the area around the band allowing no sound to pass as Venelana focused on destroying it, and everyone in attendance turned to look at her.

"I wouldn't normally use an event that I wasn't hosting to make such an announcement, but my dear sister has allowed it," Venelana smiled, making Minobella freeze. Rage bloomed in her eyes for just a moment as she realized what her sister was about to do, but she didn't dare try to stop her, knowing that doing so would make her look worse than her sister. "My darling Rias greatly expanded her peerage this year, turning multiple promising magicians into devils, one of whom has accompanied her tonight as her date."

More than a few of the devils in attendance looked curiously at that, wondering where exactly Venelana was going with this.

"Harry here has proven himself to be a man of significant promise and ability, and when Rias came to me a few weeks ago with something urgent that she needed to discuss, Zeoticus and I were more than pleased to give her our approval. In a few weeks, Rias and Harry will marry, something that our family takes great pride in."

You could have heard a pin drop the moment after she finished, but the room soon erupted with congratulations, even if few of them sounded genuine. Most just sounded confused and intrigued, while more than a few sounded angry. Harry spotted Riser in the back, being physically restrained by his mother, whose hand caught fire as she grabbed his arm, the heat of which finally made him relent. He looked away and spotted Sirzechs approaching them, his blue eyes locked on his mother as he tried to figure out why she had announced it this way.

"I, for one, am more than happy for my sister," he said amiably, raising his glass into the air. "To Rias Gremory and her soon-to-be husband."

Everyone with a drink in their hands, even the youngest Phenex, Ravel, toasted that, and Harry realized why Sirzechs had stepped in as he had. The chances of anyone speaking out against the union during the ball were slim, given how important it apparently was for noble devils not to make scenes at such events, but by giving his clear support, he made it clear that doing so at all would be unwise.

"Congratulations, Rias," Serafall smiled as she joined them, her blue eyes hardening slightly as she looked at him.

"Yes, Lady Rias, congratulations," a tall, very beautiful, and buxom blonde next to her added.

"Thank you both," Rias smiled. "Harry, this is Behemoth, Lady Serafall's queen."

"A pleasure to meet you," Harry smiled.

"I'm surprised you're here," Rias commented. "I know you don't care for such parties."

"Ziz was indisposed, so I filled in," Behemoth replied. "Excuse me."

"Ziz?" Harry asked.

"Lady Serafall's pawn," Rias replied.

"Lana," Minobella hissed, and Venelana just grinned.

"You knew I'd get you back for that little stunt," she replied.

Sensing that he was about to ask a question, Rias took Harry's hand and led him towards a nearby servant who was carrying a tray of wine glasses in his hand.

"That was her payback?" Harry asked quietly.

"Step one of it, I'm sure," Rias replied just as quietly. Casting a quick communication charm on him, she projected into his mind, "She planned to announce our engagement here at the very end, having first gained her approval and given her an opportunity to extract a favor of some kind from her. By doing it now, it will be all that anyone talks about for the rest of the night, overshadowing the evening. My aunt is petty enough to be made furious by that, particularly because Mother didn't ask her first."

"I missed this," Harry thought, smiling at her.

She took his hand and led him off as her mother and aunt stood trying not to look like they were glaring at each other. They were quickly stopped by Sona, who hugged Rias, and Seekvaira, who seemed to want to look anywhere but their eyes.

"Congratulations, you two," the green-haired girl said, her cheeks quite pink.

"Yes, congratulations," Sona added.

"Seekvaira, are you alright?" Rias asked, furrowing her brow at her cousin's odd behavior.

"Fine, just fine," Seekvaira replied, and the redhead sighed.

"You know, I take it?" she asked, and Harry looked at her in surprise.

"I'm so sorry," Seekvaira breathed. "I swear I had no ide…"

Rias cut her off with a hug and said, "It's alright. I know you didn't. How much did you see?"

That last line was whispered in her ear, and she grinned knowingly when her cousin's blush became even more pronounced.

"Congratulations are in order, as R...I understand it," Riser drawled, stumbling slightly as he caught himself nearly speaking in the third person again.

"Whatever you…" Harry went to say but Rias quieted him with a look.

"Thank you, Riser," she replied primly, her eyes cold and hard as she regarded him. "That's big of you."

"Well, let it not be said that Riser Phenex isn't generally the bigger man," Riser replied, his eyes far angrier than his expression. "One does wonder what exactly you see in this newly turned devil, though."

"Riser," a new voice cut in, and Harry turned to see the woman he'd been standing with earlier approaching. She appeared to be far younger than he knew she had to be, looking not a day over twenty-five, and she was exceedingly beautiful, with long blonde hair pulled into a single braid that nearly reached her waist and a very generous figure, showed off by the form-fitting, blood-red dress she was wearing. "I hope you're not being impolite."

"Never, Mother," Riser grinned. "I was just expressing my slight confusion at the announcement we all just heard. After all, for one of our rank to marry among the rabble generally requires them to be exceptional, and yet this one appears rather ordinary."

Rias glared at him but held her tongue. He was flirting dangerously close to making the sort of scene that she knew his mother would prevent, and yet Lady Regina was keeping quiet.

"Well, clearly Rias has seen something that we haven't," Regina murmured, eyeing Harry. "Tell me, boy, what is it about you that has so captivated the Gremory heiress?"

"That, I think, Rias and Harry can reveal in their own time," Sirzechs commented, joining them alongside Grayfia.

"Of course, my lord," Riser smirked, "but you really can't blame us for being curious, can you? The heir to a pillar house marrying a complete unknown, and one who was human not long ago, is unheard of. If Harry here truly is such an exquisite, hidden gem that your sister stumbled across, surely it would benefit the whole Underworld to demonstrate just how. Perhaps a friendly spar would be illuminating."

Rias felt her breath hitch at that and went to reply when Grayfia cut her off.

"Well, Lady Venelana and Lord Zeoticus were planning to arrange a number of festivities for the wedding party," she smiled. "Perhaps such a sparring match could be among them, provided we could find a suitable opponent."

"Ri...I would happily volunteer," Riser grinned as Rias looked at Grayfia in shock.

"What do you say, Harry?" Sirzechs asked, looking him in the eye intently.

"Say no," Rias hissed across their link.

"Trust me," Sirzechs thought, pushing the words in his voice into Harry's head.

"I think that sounds like a grand idea," Harry replied, trusting that Sirzechs and Grayfia wouldn't lead him so astray.

"Well, I shall have to discuss the terms of it with your parents," Regina smiled, her eyes turning vicious. "Come along, Riser."

"Yes, Mother," Riser replied, giving Harry one last venomous glare.

"What the hell was that?" Rias hissed the moment she felt Sirzechs erect a sound-destroying barrier around them.

"Necessary," he replied. "You have poked the Phenexes in the eye one too many times, and it's become a problem. We'll ensure, over the next few weeks, that you're ready for Riser, Harry, but trust me when I say that this fight will help a lot."

"How so?" Harry asked.

"It will give them a chance to reclaim some of their dignity through this entire affair, and even should you utterly crush Riser, it will improve relations between the two houses," Sirzechs replied. "Now, I'm sure it will be a lot closer than that, but…"

"You seriously think that Harry will be ready to face that monster in just a month?" Rias asked. "The only rating game matches he's ever lost were forfeits to family friends."

"Riser has never gone up against any of the true champions of the games," Sirzechs pointed out. "If he did, he would lose, for though he is quite powerful and shows great promise for his age, he is far from unbeatable."

"You've also shown a great deal of improvement over the past few weeks," Grayfia added. "I have every confidence that we'll manage to whip you into shape before that sparring match."

"It won't be to the death either," Sirzechs said reassuringly. "Ajuka and I will ensure that."

"I'm sorry, what is this I'm hearing of a scheduled fight?" Venelana asked, stepping inside the barrier.

"I told you that announcing it here would make things worse, Mother," Sirzechs muttered. "The best way to work out the growing animosity between our families is to fight it out."

"You had better be right about this," Rias glared, and Sirzechs sighed.

"You know I wouldn't endanger Harry unnecessarily," he replied.

"And it isn't as though I'm not training to fight an infinitely more powerful devil anyway," Harry added. "I take it Riser is nothing compared to him, yes?"

"Correct," Sirzechs replied. "Riser's greatest strengths are his fire magic and his physical durability, something that all Phenexes share. He is on an entirely different level."

"Does he have any special traits?" Harry asked. It was something that he hadn't even bothered to ask about yet, knowing that he was nowhere near ready to face Rizevim.

"He can negate the effects of all Sacred Gears," Sirzechs replied.

"Really?" Harry and Rias asked in unison.

"That's why I don't have a single Sacred Gear user in my peerage," Sirzechs replied. "There's little point discussing this further here, though."

"It will be alright, Rias," Grayfia said softly. "Trust me."

With that, they left him alone and as Harry looked around the room, seeing almost every devil in attendance eyeing him with some degree of interest, word of the upcoming sparring match having already spread, he realized that he'd end up walking away from this ball with far more attention than he'd expected.

*****

"Why would your brother do that?" Akeno asked a while later as Rias and Harry finished filling the rest of them in on what had happened to them that evening.

"I have no idea," Rias muttered. "I know that he'd never do anything to intentionally hurt me, but he was also clearly scheming something back there.

"If Grayfia thinks that she can train me to be able to take on Riser in the next few weeks, I'm willing to trust her," Harry said, "especially given that she's the one who's been overseeing my training since I first arrived in the Underworld. How did your day go?"

"We met with Deirdre McAllen," Hermione replied. "She was friendly enough and promised to bring what we told her to her new boss."

"We don't seem to have that much time left to save Sebastian Delacour, though, given how bad his condition has gotten," Akeno sighed. "Fleur's still in France trying to help support her mother and sister."

"How has it progressed?" Harry asked.

"The curse returned and overheated his balls to the point that the doctors plunged him in an ice bath to try to help," Akeno replied, and he swore.

"Fuck," Harry muttered. "That suggests that the curse has progressed even more quickly than I thought it would. Nathresia's womb nearly melted inside her when the curse reached that stage. She didn't live much longer after that."

"Then we need to meet with Liam Lynch as soon as possible," Rias sighed. "If we don't hear from him by tomorrow, I'm gathering the entire peerage and striking in force. As much as I'd prefer not to go that route, having so little intel about the island and the tower on it…"

"We don't have time to waste," Luna sighed.

"This is why I can't focus on Riser right now," Harry muttered. "That's a month away, and Sebastian doesn't have a month."

"How long would you say he has?" Fleur asked, appearing next to them at that moment and he rushed to hug her.

"How are Apolline and your sister holding up?" he asked.

"They're wrecks," Fleur replied. "I would be too, I'm sure, if I wasn't so numb. How much longer would you say my father has?"

"Days," Harry replied reluctantly, "perhaps a week at most."
"I've already decided that we're going to assault the tower tomorrow if we haven't heard anything by noon," Rias replied. "We just don't have…"

"Um, guys, I think you have mail," Sirius said, walking into Harry's room holding a letter.

"I didn't hear any owls," Harry replied.

"There weren't any," Sirius replied. "This thing just appeared in a basket on the dining room table. The moment I levitated it out, the basket disappeared."

"Just like what Reinhardt described," Harry murmured, opening the letter and reading it over. "We're being invited to meet with Liam Lynch tomorrow."

"What?" Fleur asked. "Just like that?"

"Harry Potter," he read aloud, "I heard about your proposal to work together towards the introduction of house elves to the Asian market, and I am intrigued. Given the apparently tight schedule you have over the next little while, something I can sympathize with, given my own incredibly busy schedule, I would be willing to meet as early as tomorrow morning at ten sharp. If this works for you, kindly mark the spot next to the yes below. If not, mark next to the no, and the few other available times I have to meet will appear for you to mark. Liam Lynch."

"He didn't say where we would meet," Hermione pointed out, and Harry nodded before conjuring a pen and marking next to the yes.

Before his eyes, new words appeared, which he read out loud. "Meet Miss McAllen just outside the pub five minutes before ten tomorrow morning, and she will escort you to my island. Do not be late. Bring no more than five people with you."

"So this is obviously a trap, right?" Akeno asked.

"Oh, totally," Rias replied.

"So what are we going to do?" Hermione asked.

"Spring it," Rias replied. "You three, alongside myself and Akeno, will accompany Harry and try to reason with Liam."

"Don't even think of trying to distract me this time," Fleur said warningly, and Harry nodded.

"I only sent you away last time because I doubted that Reinhardt was actually directly involved," he replied. "Even if Liam Lynch is who we think he is, he would have been raised by Declan and quite possibly killed him to take over the family business if my theory about them is correct. We'll try to reason with him first, but this could easily turn into a fight."

"I still can't believe we seriously think that we're dealing with someone who was kidnapped as a baby, ripped out of his mother's womb, and then raised to be evil," Hermione scowled.

"Given how they seem to have all succeeded their fathers at the same age, there's no reason to think that Liam was the first one abducted like that," Luna pointed out. "We might have stumbled across a cycle that's been going on for centuries."

"If it has, then we're ending it," Hermione muttered.

"You've come around to my way of thinking," Fleur smiled darkly.

"We'll need to figure out for sure what we're dealing with first," Rias pointed out. "Though, Luna's theory about the family does raise an interesting question. Hermione, you said that none of the Lynches kept journals after Diarmid's son, right?"

"Yes," Hermione replied. "I looked for anything that might give us insight into Declan, but there was nothing to be found. I didn't think to look into the oldest two figures in the line because I knew they couldn't have had anything to do with what happened to Sebastian."

"You think that they might give us some insight into the family's overall practices, though," Luna guessed.

"It's possible," Rias replied. "We can't take them with us, so I'll have Kiba and Koneko get what they can from the library and look through them tomorrow."

"I'll also want them looking after Sirius and the Delacours in case things go sideways," Harry said, and she nodded.

"Yes, my familiar is keeping an eye on Apolline and Gabrielle, and if anything goes wrong the way that we fear it might, they'll be spirited away to safety," Rias nodded. "For now, I think we should get some sleep. Tomorrow might be a rather long day, and we've already had quite the long evening."

"I don't know if I can sleep after all this," Fleur muttered, and Harry hugged her.

"If you need any help, just say the word," he grinned, and she smiled up at him despite her mood.

"Well, there might be one or two things you could do, 'Arry," Fleur purred.

"Whatever it is, count me out," Rias chuckled. "I actually need to sleep right now."

"Goodnight, my love," Harry smiled, kissing her softly before watching her fly off to her own room.

"Now, about the rest of us..." Akeno purred, undressing with a wave of her hand. "According to Rias, you had a far more exciting night than we expected. Tell me, is your cock still covered in her juices?"

"Why don't you find out?" Harry asked, undressing himself and lying back on the bed.

"Mmm, fuck, I love how her pussy tastes," Akeno purred, licking his shaft hungrily.

"She is pretty delicious," Harry grunted, "but then, so are all of you. Why don't you take turns sitting on my face while Akeno cleans my cock like the good girl she is?"

"How did I ever not realize you were a sex demon?" Hermione asked.

"The signs were there from the start," Fleur chuckled. "The good looks, the charm, the god-tier cunnilingus skills…"

"The very, very large penis," Luna added. "Really, we should have all known he was an incubus."

"So how are we deciding this?" Hermione asked.

"We could draw straws or…" Luna went to suggest.

"Dibs!" Fleur called out, flying up and landing right on Harry's face as he laughed.

"Rock paper scissors?" Hermione asked, and Luna nodded, smiling.

"Take him...oh fuck...deep," Fleur moaned, watching as Akeno finished making sure that every inch of 'Arry's cock was thoroughly coated in her saliva. "I want to see your throat bulge around his thick shaft."

"I'm so glad we won you over in the end," Akeno chuckled. "From the moment I laid eyes on you, all I could think was that I wanted to wear you like a scarf."

"That..ahh...can be arranged anytime," Fleur whimpered, struggling to hold still as Harry's magical tongue snaked through her folds, teasing her clit with light little touches only here or there. "You know, Akeno, our bond already provides us with collars now when we misbehave, but you and I would both look good wearing real ones."

"Oh, poo," Luna muttered as Hermione's paper covered her rock. "You mean like chokers? Yeah, those could be fun. I wonder if Harry's incubus cock could snap metal ones."

"Gluurk gluurk gluurk!" Akeno choked, exaggerating the sound as she took Harry deep into her throat, making him moan in pleasure.

"That would be...oh fuck, oh fuck, oh 'ARRY!" Fleur squealed, feeling his tongue vibrate against her clit.

He grabbed her hips tightly, holding her in place, and continued to use the magical language to overstimulate her sensitive little nub, driving her absolutely wild. One orgasm blended into the next as he kept her cumming over and over again, screaming her lungs out with joy, and only when he felt her consciousness start to slip did he finally relent, sliding her forward and giving her winking arsehole a little kiss.

"Merde," Fleur gasped, shaking like a leaf as she fell forward into Akeno's arms.

"I could watch that all day," the raven-haired beauty chuckled, wrapping her lips around one of the Veela's hard nipples and sucking on it, making her cry out.

"Too...much," Fleur panted, still twitching as she felt the continuing aftershocks of her ecstasy, and Akeno carried her off and helped her settle on her back next to them.

"If you want to ride Harry, I can cuddle with her," Luna offered, pulling Fleur into her arms and running her fingers through her long, silver hair. "It's Hermione's turn now anyway."

"So...good," Fleur panted, sighing happily as Luna started to massage her scalp.

"Come, Hermione," Harry grinned, licking his lips. "It's been too long since I tasted your sweet pussy."

"You ate me out until I was sobbing last night," Hermione replied, and he grinned.

"Like I said, far too long," Harry replied, his eyes nearly black with lust.

Hermione shivered and flew over to him, perching herself on his mouth just as Akeno finished impaling herself on his cock.

"Like I said, obvious sex demon," Hermione said, moaning loudly as she felt Harry start to explore her slick folds with his tongue.

"You have a point," Akeno moaned, already riding him hard and fast. "He fucked the living hell out of a devil his first time and then followed that up by exhausting her and me together."

Hermione quivered at that, remembering how comparatively young and innocent he'd been back then, and couldn't help but wonder how incredible he'd be after spending a few years as a full-fledged incubus.

"Devilry is definitely agreeing with you, I see," Akeno grinned as she reached out and cupped the brunette's breasts. "I think you've gone up a full two cup sizes since you turned."

"Ahh!" Hermione cried out in pleasure at her touch. "Yeah, they're...fuck, right there!"

Akeno giggled at that, leaning forward to wrap her lips around one of the brunette's dark pink nipples.

"Overwhelmed already, are we?" she asked, grinning impishly. "Between your tits, your already incredible ass, and that beautiful face, you're going to turn so many heads when school starts up again."

"I don't...holy fuck...care about that," Hermione moaned. "There's only one man I want."

"That's true of all of us," Akeno replied, "but that doesn't mean that having other guys drool over you isn't fun."

"That's true," Fleur sighed, rolling off of Luna and draping an arm over her head as she came down from her high.

"Do you think boys will drool over me?" Luna asked. "My breasts are going too."

"I think 'Arry is going to be universally hated by the boys of your new school from day one," Fleur chuckled.

"Well, they'll...they'll just have to get over it," Akeno moaned, feeling herself soar towards her peak, "because we're all taken."

"So taken!" Hermione cried, the pressure in her core almost maddening it was so intense. "We're...we're...YOURS!"

She wailed as she came, and Harry immediately started speaking Parseltongue against her, making her screams grow even louder.

"I'm yours too," he hissed, digging his fingers into her wide hips and drinking down her fluids eagerly.

"Fleur, what are you going to do this year?" Luna asked. "You already graduated."

"Honestly, I've given it little thought, for obvious reasons," Fleur replied. "I'll figure it out down the line. If I get truly bored, I suppose someone needs to take Sirius on his walks."

Hermione slumped forward into Akeno's arms, laughing hysterically as the dopamine flooding her brain made that the funniest thing she'd ever heard in her life.

"I'd suggest that you make that offer, but knowing that old pervert, rather than be offended, he'd take you up on it," Harry chuckled. "Luna?"

"Yay!" Luna exclaimed, flying over and gently lowering herself onto Harry's mouth. "Word of warning, I'm already dripping wet."

"All the better," Harry replied, giving her a long, slow lick and sticking his tongue as far as he could inside her warm, wet tunnel, making her gasp.

Fleur helped Hermione off of him and wrapped her arms around the still-twitching brunette, kissing her softly.

"Shit, I love your cock," Akeno moaned.

"It is...oh wow...pretty perfect, isn't it?" Luna moaned. "So long and thick, he fills me up so completely."

"Feels like it was fucking made for me," Akeno moaned, picking up her pace and riding him even harder, only to scream in shock and pleasure when he started thrusting up into her in time with her movements. "Yes!"

Harry grinned, feeling her start to flutter around him and knowing that she was getting close. Reaching back, he slapped Luna's plump ass, making her squeak and moan. She ground her pussy on his mouth, reveling in the pleasure of his touch, and reached out to cup and knead Akeno's large, swaying breasts.

"I can tell you're close," she smiled. "You always get this gorgeous flush to your skin when you are."

"So close," Akeno whimpered. "Fuck, don't stop!"

"Oh, you don't have to...oh fuck...worry about that," Luna moaned. "Harry's fucked your beautiful little pussy for hours before. If you are, though, I can help."

She leaned forward, capturing one of Akeno's nipples with her lips, and reached down towards her clit, stroking the taut little pearl. The effect was immediate, as the older girl's moans turned to screams, and she began clinging to Luna for dear life.

"Yes, yes, yes, YES!" Akeno squealed, cumming hard around Harry's pistoning cock.

Luna held onto her tightly as she writhed in pleasure, as enraptured by the sight as she always was, only for her vision to go white as Harry wrapped his lips around her clit and began vibrating his tongue against it.

"HARRY!" she squealed, cumming hard, and writhing atop him.

Harry did his best to hold onto both of them as they convulsed in ecstasy, something made easier by the fact that they were holding onto each other for dear life. Their pleasure thundered through their bodies in waves, the intensity so great that neither could think at all. Akeno's ended first, and she pulled Luna off his mouth, smiling down at him.

"After hearing...Rias' story...I want to try having you...fuck me in public," she panted, and he grinned, his lips and cheeks slick with pussy juice.

"I can think of a few places," Harry replied. "You'll have to be a good girl and earn it, though."

"Love you," Akeno laughed, feeling giddy as she lifted herself off of his cock, holding Luna to her as she flew over to lie down next to him. His heavy cock landed on his abs with a wet plop, and both Hermione and Fleur bit their lips as he sat up.

"Fleur, you were a naughty thing back there, sitting on my face before the other two could agree on an order," Harry grinned, and she returned the look.

"The early bird gets the worm, or anaconda in this case," Fleur replied, making him snort, "but if you wish to punish me for it, I would not object to a rough spanking."

"Get on your hands and knees," Harry commanded. "You can apologize to Hermione here with your tongue while I fuck some manners into you."

Fleur let out a shuddering breath and scrambled into position, burying her face between the brunette's thighs without hesitation. Harry nearly laughed at the look Hermione gave him, her jaw dropped and her eyes hooded and he asked, "Sex demon?"

"Definitely a sex...ahh!" Hermione cried, grabbing Fleur's head as she started to devour her dripping pussy.

Harry laughed and moved into position, lining himself up and sinking into Fleur's slick cunt in one long, slow thrust that made her shudder and gasp. Looking around the room, he smiled at the sight of four of his lovers, knowing that Rias would have joined them if he hadn't already fucked her brains out earlier. He had no way of knowing just what tomorrow would bring, but for tonight, he would do everything he could to get all of their minds off of the likely battle to come.

*****

"Wait, this place has actually been open since the tenth century?" Harry asked, he looked up at the sign for Sean's Bar.

"Apparently," Luna murmured, leaning her head on his shoulder as they both leaned against the pub.

"So you're him," an older voice murmured, and they all turned to see Deirdre walk out from the alley she'd apparated to. "Your scar is barely visible at all these days, Mister Potter."

"It faded after I finished Voldemort off," Harry replied, doing his best not to roll his eyes when she flinched at the name. "It had been so long I had almost forgotten how much that annoyed me."

"You did us all a favor with that one," Deirdre nodded. "Anyway, Mister Lynch has authorized me to bring you all across to Inchmore. I recognize everyone else, but who are you, young lady?"

"Rias," Rias replied. "I'm Harry's fiancé."

"You...you're the one who lives in Japan?" Deirdre asked, blinking in confusion.

"I immigrated there years ago," Rias replied, giving no further detail.

"Well, anyway, Mister Lynch awaits, and he isn't one for tardiness," Deirdre said. "He's much like his father in that regard."

"How long has he been in charge of things in Inchmore?" Harry asked, curiously.

"A few weeks now," Deirdre replied. "His father grew ill a couple months ago, not that he said a word about it, the stubborn man. Within a few weeks, his son had taken over most daily duties, and through the last month, he's been in charge of everything."

"Wait, so Declan Lynch's health took a turn back in late May?" Rias asked. "I'm sorry for your loss, by the way."

"Thereabouts," Deirdre replied brusquely. "Now, follow me into the alley, and I'll take out the portkey."

"That would mean that Declan probably wasn't the one who killed Augustin and Isabelle," Rias said across their mental link, and Harry nodded, noticing Fleur's eyes darken slightly as she came to the same conclusion.

"All the more reason for us to stay on our guard," Harry replied.

"This should do," Deirdre said once they were in the middle of the alley. Pulling an old whiskey bottle from her robes, she held it out towards them.

All six placed their hands on it, and a moment later, Harry was reminded of just how much he hated magical transportation.

"That was deeply unpleasant," Rias muttered as she righted herself quickly.

"Been a while since you used a portkey?" Deirdre asked, furrowing her brow in confusion.

"Yeah, I flew here," Rias replied.

"The muggle way?" Deidre asked. "Never trusted those things myself."

"They're not so bad," Akeno muttered. "I heard that this island used to be home to more than just the one family."

"There was a small village here centuries ago," Deirdre replied, "and you can still see the ruins of the old monastery to the east of the tower. They all left back during Diarmid Lynch's day."

"Was there any particular reason?" Hermione asked.

"As I understand it, it was a mixture of there being more opportunities elsewhere and Diarmid convincing them to move," Deirdre replied.

"The tower looks very nice," Luna murmured, pointing up to it.

"It's lovely, as is the entire island," Deirdre mused. "I'm going to miss it."

"Oh?" Harry asked.

"I'm retiring," Deirdre replied. "I was actually supposed to a month ago, but with Mister Lynch passing away and his young son taking the reins, I thought it appropriate to push it back a few weeks to help with the transition however I could. He's got it all well in hand, though."

"Well, I hope you enjoy retirement," Harry replied genially, looking up at the tower.

As they'd seen in Koneko's memory, it was a narrow, jutting thing made of pale grey stone. Standing perhaps six stories tall, it looked even taller than it was on account of the hill it was built on. With the village gone and no other major buildings on the island, save for the ruins of a monastery they couldn't even see from their position, it couldn't have stood out more, and the closer they drew to it, the more it drew their attention.

"I think that tower might be perfectly round," Rias murmured. "My father would love it."

"It is," Deirdre replied. "The previous tower was torn down during the time of Mister Lynch's grandfather and replaced with a rounder one. He hadn't liked the subtle imperfections in the original, or so the late Mister Lynch said, and constructed one that was a perfect circle."

"Seems excessive," Rias thought across their link, and Harry nodded.

They reached the door in short order, and it was thrown open the moment they drew close enough.

"That will be all, Deirdre," a deep, rumbling voice called out, and the older woman nodded.

"Yes, Mister Lynch," she replied, catching another bottle that was tossed out the door and disappearing immediately.

"Harry Potter," Liam smiled as he stepped out. "I must say, I was surprised to hear that you wanted to meet."

Square jawed, and clean-shaven, the young blonde man stood before them with a confident smile on his face. He was tall, being around Harry's height, and powerfully built from what they could see through his black robes. His short cropped hair was slicked back, and his pale blue eyes radiated calm and power.

"Well, when I heard that there were no house-elves in Asia, and the pair my godfather and I took with us seemed so popular, I spied an opportunity," Harry smiled, extending his hand. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Mister Lynch, and I am sorry about your father's recent passing."

"It was his time," Liam said softly, shaking his hand. "Thank you, though. Now, who are your lovely companions?"

"These are some of my dearest friends, Hermione, Luna, Fleur, and Akeno, and this is my fiancee, Rias," Harry replied, gesturing to each of them as he spoke, and they all smiled, even Fleur.

"A pleasure," Liam nodded. "Please, come in and let's sit down; we have much to discuss."

"Your home is very beautiful," Luna murmured. "Deirdre was saying that this tower was the second one to stand here?"

"Fourth," Liam replied. "My grandfather, Cormac Lynch, managed to perfect what his ancestors had failed to."

"I'm sorry, your family tore down and rebuilt their home three times?" Hermione asked, looking as confused as she sounded.

"Anything worth doing is worth doing correctly," Liam replied, his eyes narrowing slightly as he led them into his sitting room. It was a circular room, richly decorated, with mahogany chairs and tables arranged around it, all focused on the large fireplace at its northernmost point. Above that fireplace there hung a large portrait, the subject of which Harry recognized as Diarmid Lynch. The blonde man was glaring down at them within the canvas, under which were written two simple words: studeo perfectionem.

"Strive for perfection?" Hermione asked.

"Our family motto," Liam smiled, "and something that we have all sought to do throughout our lives. Now, please, sit down. I doubt you're quite old enough, but I've always thought those particular laws were foolish, so would you care for a drink?"

"That would be lovely," Rias replied before the rest of them could, sitting down and smiling up at their host. "I trust we'll all remember to check for poison."

Harry nodded imperceptibly as he took his seat, projecting that reminder into the rest of their minds. He watched as Liam picked up a bottle of whiskey and, drawing his wand, summoned over seven glasses.

"You and Deirdre like the same brand of whiskey," Luna commented, and he snorted.

"She drinks the twelve-year-old from what I recall," Liam murmured. "I seldom touch anything but the seventy-seven. Aging does this particular spirit incredible good."

"It's nearly as old as you are, no?" Fleur giggled, and he looked at her for just a moment before returning to the glasses.

"Yes, Miss Delacour," Liam replied. "I am a couple years older than it."

"I didn't tell you my last name," Fleur pointed out, and he chuckled.

"I wouldn't have invited you over without doing some research first," Liam replied, levitating their glasses over to them as they sat, tense in their seats. "You made a few headlines as Beauxbatons' representative in the Triwizard Tournament, so figuring out who you were was simple enough. Hermione Granger and Luna Lovegood are known associates of yours, Mister Potter, so that was also simple. I must confess that I don't know either of you, however."

"I'm Akeno Himejima," Akeno replied.

"Are you from Japan, or did you grow up in England?" Liam asked.

"Japan," Akeno replied simply.

"Your accent is remarkable," Liam replied. "I'd honestly think that you were born and raised in London."

"Well, like you said, anything worth doing is worth doing well," Akeno grinned, and he chuckled as he took his seat.

Looking at Rias, he asked, "What about you, miss?"

"My name will be Potter soon enough," Rias smiled, looking lovingly at Harry. "We're due to marry in another month."

"So soon?" he asked. "You're both so young."

"Well, I believe in going for what I want," Harry replied, smiling at Rias.

"You're not married?" Luna asked.

"Merlin, no," Liam chuckled, shaking his head. "I have plenty of time left for that. He married young, and that's been a bit of a cautionary tale in my family ever since."

He gestured towards the portrait of Diarmid as he said that, and they all furrowed their brows in confusion.

"Now, tell me what you think," he said, sipping his whiskey, and they all nodded, subtly checking for poison or other substances before trying it.

"Wow, that's strong," Luna winced, earning a laugh from the man.

"Smooth, though," Rias commented.

"It's cask strength," Liam explained. "Not diluted in the slightest, so you can enjoy the true perfection of the well-aged spirit on its own."

"What you said before about Diarmid Lynch's marriage being a cautionary tale, did it end poorly?" Hermione asked. "I'm sorry for prying, but so little is known about your family."

"You read up on us?" Liam asked, cocking an eyebrow.

"Months ago," Hermione replied. "I'm muggleborn and when I learned about house-elves and the conditions some of them are kept in, I thought that it was abhorrent and tried to learn more about them."

"They're simple creatures, elves," Liam replied. "Service is part of their very being, and when left without anyone to serve, they become quite...restless. I generally advise people to treat them well enough, but they'll endure pretty much anything in their zeal to serve. It's just what they are."

"That's not always true," Harry replied before Hermione could say anything. "We know one elf whose family was so cruel that he preferred the idea of receiving clothes to working for them."

"Really?" Liam asked, his eyes flashing for a moment. "How unfortunate. Anyway, to get back to your question, Miss Granger, Diarmid Lynch's marriage did turn out to be a bit of a mistake."

"How so?" Luna asked.

"They were young when they met, both attending Hogwarts in the sixteen-fifties, and he was enchanted by her beauty," Liam replied. "Mostly, it was her rather generous proportions, but she was a bit of a lackwit, and it didn't occur to him until it was too late what damage could come from having children with such a woman. Their son, Desmond, was a fool and a layabout, who would have risked everything he had built if he hadn't managed to straighten him out just before he died. We've stressed to each generation since the importance of holding off on finding a woman until you're mature enough to pick well."

"I suppose I could see how that could be a problem," Harry replied, wondering why he seemed to hold such genuine contempt for a man who had been dead for centuries. "Luckily for me, Rias here is both beautiful and brilliant."

"Then you are quite fortunate," Liam nodded. "A family legacy is a most precious thing, and you can do unfathomable damage by introducing the wrong sort to it."

"Meaning what, exactly?" Hermione asked pointedly, and he chuckled.

"Not blood status if that's what you're asking," Liam replied. "I've met enough purebloods to know that that doesn't always count for much, and the most prominent wizards in the British Isles over the past centuries have pretty much all been halfbloods. No, I just mean that it's unfortunately easy to bring undesirable traits into your line if you let yourself get distracted. It…"

He trailed off, going still, and quickly rose to his feet, saying, "I'm terribly sorry, but there's something I must attend to. I'll be back in a moment."

With that, he rushed off, leaving the six of them alone with their drinks.

"That was odd," Rias murmured once she was sure that he was gone.

"I'll say," Hermione muttered. "He spoke about people in almost scientific terms just there."

"True, but that's not what I meant," Rias replied. "He's the latest in a long line of notoriously private magical beings, and yet he's chatting about his family history with complete strangers."

"Maybe he's lonely," Luna suggested. "If he was raised all alone with his father on this island and rarely ever leaves it, I can't imagine that he wouldn't be."

"Or he plans to kill us, and so nothing that he says matters," Akeno suggested.

"You might both be right," Harry replied. "At any rate, I'd suggest that we pick his brain for as long as he's in a forthcoming mood and turn to the subject of Sebastian Delacour only when he starts to seem tired."

"He knows who I am," Fleur murmured, "which means that, if he or his father was responsible for the attack on my father…"

"He knows precisely why we're here," Hermione replied.

"I sense remarkably little hostility out of him, though," Rias replied. "It's possible that he really is just enjoying the novel experience of being able to share with another living soul. Whether that's because he really is just lonely or because he's confident that we'll all be dead soon, we'll learn in short order, I'm sure."

"So, play along for now and see what we get out of him," Harry nodded. "One thing's for sure, though, he isn't joking about the family's obsession with perfection. Every single portrait we passed was perfectly straight."

"It honestly wouldn't shock me if every room in the tower were circular too," Hermione murmured, looking around. "This one, for instance, is another perfect circle."

"That seems to extend to how he views people too," Akeno pointed out. "The sheer contempt in his voice as he described his ancestors…"

"What was weird was that, though Diarmid clearly blamed his wife for how their son turned out, Liam only really spoke with venom about Desmond," Harry said. "He didn't even name Sinead, who he seemed to outright dismiss."

"He didn't mention any woman," Hermione replied, "just like the files we saw on them."

"Something's deeply wrong here," Rias sighed, sipping her whiskey. "This stuff is bloody amazing, though I'm not usually a whiskey drinker, but this is at least as good as the Yamazaki twenty-five."

"My father would have choked on it," Hermione laughed sadly. "He drank now and then but always insisted that expensive liquors, which this has to be, were a dreadful waste of money."

Harry took her hand in his, and she smiled at him.

"Sorry about that," Liam muttered as he walked back in and sat down. "I had forgotten to stir a potion I'm working on and just barely got to it in time to avoid having to start over. Now, tell me about your idea for bringing house elves to Japan."

*****

"Man, this guy was a tool," Koneko muttered as she set another of Diarmid Lynch's journals in her lap and rubbed her temples.

"His son wasn't much better," Kiba muttered. "I think the man lived exclusively for getting drunk and...making use of prostitutes."

"Making use of?" Koneko asked, cocking an eyebrow, and Kiba spluttered, blushing slightly.

"I was raised in a highly Christian orphanage," he muttered. "Shut up."

Koneko's lips quirked at that, and she picked the journal back up. "I've gotten enough of that from this pompous windbag."

"Yeah, I get the sense they didn't get along," Kiba muttered. "Have you found out how he managed to create the elves yet?"

"No," Koneko replied. "That would be in earlier volumes, and it's not what Rias wanted us to look for anyway. She's convinced that there's something unique and off about this family and wants us to figure out what. I would assume that we'll find it in either the later volumes of Diarmid's journals or in what few journals Desmond wrote."

"Yeah, he seemed to write only if it was something that he found amusing and wanted to return to later or if he was pissed drunk and didn't want to forget the nonsense he'd gotten up to," Kiba chuckled. "Some of these entries are so illegible that even as a devil I'm having trouble parsing what the hell he was trying to express."

"At least he wasn't boring," Koneko muttered. "Diarmid was one of the most anal people I've ever come across. Half of the entries are about various business transactions or meetings, or his lingering concern that his tower isn't circular enough."

"Seriously?" Kiba asked.

"The guy had issues," Koneko sighed. "Everything had to be done to his exact, perfect standard, or it was rubbish. The way that he writes about his poor wife…"

"Maybe that explains why his son turned into such a drunken waste," Kiba mused. "He wouldn't be the first person to try to avoid being like their parents to the point of self-destruction."

"I mean, listen to this dogshit," Koneko muttered. "The elves continue to spread far and wide among the magical communities of Ireland. Soon the entire island will be filled with them, and the many families here will be stuck coming back to Inchmore when they need new ones. Should I succeed in pushing them into the English, Scottish, and Welsh communities as well, I will eventually have my minions placed within every major family in the isles. It will be perfect, giving me access to every manor in the land, and yet it will all be for naught if I can't figure out how to secure my legacy…"

"Um, so the elves really are his spies and agents, huh?" Kiba asked. "Maybe we should get Sirius out of here and go check on the Delacours soon."

"Rias' familiar will alert us if we're needed, and Sirius is already on guard," Koneko replied. Getting back to reading, she said, "Desmond remains a disappointment, a worthless drunk who refuses to make use of any of the advantages he has in life. Why oh why did I let myself become so infatuated with Sinead as a boy? No set of tits, no matter how spectacular, is worth being saddled with an heir like this, and it's not as though there weren't signs that she was a fool even then. Had Niamh or Maeve lived, perhaps one of them would have taken more from me than her, but with only the one, unworthy, heir, my legacy is at risk. I can feel my very bones growing old, and while I'll likely have a few more decades until the end, I am loath to try again lest I end up with equally inadequate children. I need another solution to my problem and have begun to seriously contemplate things that I never would have before."

"That sounds ominous," Kiba murmured. "Do you think he made a horcrux like the last dark wizard they tangled with?"

"That can't be the case, because we know that Diarmid was succeeded by Desmond," Koneko replied. "Given his obsession with perfection, he might not have wanted to slice and dice his soul."

Kiba snorted at that, saying, "Well, it seems like he was considering some pretty dark stuff there. When was that dated?"

"About ten years before he actually croaked," Koneko muttered, shaking her head. "We're going to need to keep going through these."

"Do you want me to join you in looking through Diarmid's journals?" Kiba asked.

"No, just go through what's left of Desmond's," Koneko replied. "Rias wants to know if there's anything in there that describes the family's unique practices, anything that might help us figure out what's up with the current generation, and that would mean looking through both."

"Their whole thing of succeeding their fathers at around the same age did begin with Desmond's son," Kiba sighed, picking up another book. "I just hope that Rias and the others are doing okay."

"I'm sure they can handle one wizard," Koneko replied, flipping to the next page of the book she was going through.

*****

"...a ten percent cut of the Japanese profits would be entirely reasonable," Harry concluded. "With our connections to the local wizarding families in Magical Kyoto and the interest that our elves have already generated, I'm confident that we'll be able to sell them easily enough."

"My family has never given anyone such a cut of our profits," Liam replied.

"With respect, you also haven't really expanded all that quickly," Hermione said. "Elves are common in the British Commonwealth countries and a few parts of mainland Europe, but that's really it. I understand that your family highly enjoys their privacy, and we're all quite grateful that you saw fit to meet with us, but by working with intermediaries in relationships like the one that Harry just described, you could easily expand your business all over the world over the next few decades."

"Unless the production of house elves wouldn't be able to keep up with that," Akeno added. "One point that we were hoping to address in case we do manage to work something out is what the production limits are."

"We don't expect you to share the process, of course," Harry chuckled.

"In truth, it could be scaled up if we needed to," Liam replied, tapping his fingers on the armrest of his chair.

"Without going into too many specifics, what does go into creating house elves?" Hermione asked, and he chuckled.

"That I won't go into any detail on," Liam replied. "It's been a Lynch family secret since the seventeenth century and will stay one."

"Diarmid Lynch must have been a brilliant man," Luna smiled, "to have come up with something that no one else has ever managed to even partially replicate."

"He was brilliant," Liam smiled, pride filling his voice, "but he was also quite fortunate. He attended Hogwarts, as I said, something that my family ceased to do after Desmond turned out to be such a disappointment. His parents weren't wealthy, as his father ran a simple bookstore in Diagon Alley, but they gave him what he needed to succeed, most of all his drive, his hunger for advancement, and his sense of adventure. On this very island, he came across a treasure greater than he ever imagined."

"Did he grow up here?" Luna asked.

"Oh, no," Liam replied. "This was before the first tower was ever built. The community here at the time was entirely muggle, and he heard tell of a phenomenon of some sort that had apparently terrified them. Curious, he made his way over and discovered that there was a cave in the island that no one could explore."

"Why?" Harry asked.

"There was a presence in it that would terrify even the bravest of men," Liam replied. "It turned out to be a protective curse placed in the cave."

"I'm sorry, a protective curse?" Hermione asked, wondering what he meant by that.

"It was a fear curse embedded into the very rock of the cave walls," Liam clarified. "The purpose of it was to keep anyone from finding what had been buried there. Centuries earlier, as it turns out, someone had come to that cave and sealed away something that they found deeply disturbing. Diarmid, being more than willing to push through the curse, used a variety of mood-altering charms and potions to let him ignore the fear and pushed on, finding the entire treasure trove."

"And what was buried was the formula to create house elves?" Harry asked.

"It was everything he needed to make them," Liam replied. "It still required a good deal of ingenuity on his part, as the first few batches were incredibly annoying, but after a while, he had created the elves as we know them today. It just goes to show you what talent, drive, and a little good fortune can create."

"He then moved here to guard the secret?" Rias asked.

"No," Liam chuckled. "He had already dealt with that by then, but he spent quite some time on the island and came to quite enjoy the peacefulness of it. He also thought that moving the family there would be good for his son, who was already starting to show hints of the problems that would follow. Anyway, I think that's quite enough storytime for now. I will consider your proposal, Mister Potter, which I think has quite a bit of merit to it, and…"

"Actually, there was just one other thing I was hoping to inquire about," Harry replied, figuring that he'd gotten as much information out of him as he was likely to give without significant prompting.

"Go on," Liam replied, his voice barely more than a whisper.

"As I was preparing to reach out to your father and doing what research I figured I'd need to in order to ready myself for any meeting I might be able to arrange, I came across a name that I wanted to run by you," Harry replied. "Have you ever heard of a woman named Maelle Devereux?"

In an instant, Liam's entire demeanor changed, his warm and friendly visage morphing into something cold and cruel, and his pale eyes, so like those of his murdered mother, gaining that same emptiness that, in his father, had unnerved Dumbledore decades earlier.

"I must applaud you for your patience, Mister Potter," he chuckled. "I fully expected one as young as you to rush into the real reason you came here."

"You did know, then?" Rias asked, the Power of Destruction right at her fingertips as she readied herself for a potential attack.

"I knew the moment that I recognized your Veela companion," Liam replied, and Fleur jumped to her feet.

"You know what your father did to mine, then!" the blonde exclaimed.

"Do you know who Maelle Devereux was?" Hermione asked. "Do you know what your father did to her?"

"Do you?" Liam asked archly. "You seem to be quite certain in whatever it is you think you know."

"We think she was your mother," Luna replied sadly, "and we know that she was murdered."

"By my father, apparently," Liam replied mockingly.

"If that's true, then you are as much your father's victim as she was, and as we suspect Sebastian Delacour is," Hermione implored. "I know that it isn't easy to believe terrible things about one's loved ones, but…"

"My father is dying," Fleur hissed. "He doesn't have long left, and if we're right, then the blood sample used to curse him is somewhere in this tower. Your father is dead and cannot be tried for his crimes. Give us what we seek, and no one will need to know what happened."

"We can even still work out a deal based on what we discussed," Harry added. "Enough people have been harmed already for this. There's no reason to add further to the bloodshed over your father's crimes."

"My father's crimes," Liam scoffed. "I knew when I saw who you were connected to that you were going to be a problem, Potter. You lot have been poking your noses around my affairs for too long, and it ends now."

"Liam, you're as much a victim as Maelle and Sebastian," Hermione breathed. "We can't help your mother, but you could do the right thing and help us save him."

Liam just laughed, and a half dozen house-elves popped into the room.

*****

"Hey, this is really weird," Kiba murmured, and Koneko cocked an eyebrow at him.

"What?" she asked.

"The difference between this journal and the ones before it is night and day," Kiba replied, flipping through the one he'd just opened. "The script in the last one was some of the worst I had seen yet. Some whole pages were practically unreadable, and yet here, everything is precise and orderly."

"Maybe the drunken ass finally sobered up," Koneko muttered, looking back down at the volume of Diarmid's journal that she was on.

"That would make sense normally, but...his handwriting has completely changed too," Kiba replied, and she looked up at him in surprise.

"What?" Koneko asked, confused.

"Yeah, look," Kiba replied, opening up one of the more coherent journals that he'd read before and the one he'd just opened. "See? These look like they were written by two different people, but the library insisted that these were all Desmond Lynch's journals."

Koneko went still as she stared at the later journal.

"Maybe this is one of Diarmid's journals instead," Kiba mused, not noticing his friend's disturbed expression at first. "This one is from seventeen o' three, so...Koneko?"

The nekomata didn't respond, instead choosing to rifle through the remaining volumes of Diarmid's journals until she found the last one.

"Seventeen o' three," she breathed. "That's the year that Diarmid Lynch died."

"So maybe it was his father's death that shocked some sense into him," Kiba murmured, "or without the constant presence of the asshole, he…"

"That is his handwriting," Koneko hissed, pointing at the odd volume of Desmond's journal. Opening it and placing one of his father's journals next to it, she asked, "See?"

"That...it's identical," Kiba muttered. "How is that possible?"

Flipping to the first entry with the changed handwriting, she read aloud, "It worked; it actually worked. Feeling the damage that drunken fool did to this body is enough to enrage me, but I can work with it. I need to find a woman, one with a brain between her ears, and sire an heir. Best not to have her involved, I think, lest that add another variable to his development. If I can mold him into something worthwhile, I can repeat the process and take his form. With this, I could live forever without having to permanently rend my soul. Every generation would be an improvement on the last, every Lynch closer and closer to perfection. I'll need to be very careful in choosing the woman this time. I will not make the same mistake again."

"Holy shit," Kiba breathed. "That…"

"That means that Liam Lynch isn't Declan's victim, not anymore, anyway," Koneko shuddered. "He's…"

"Diarmid," Kiba finished for her. "We need to warn Rias and the others."

"It's probably too late for that now," Koneko replied. "We need to get Sirius and the Delacours away from their elves. I'll go to France and…"

"Jokes on you, asshole!" Sirius shouted. "I never trusted your miserable ass in the first place."

"Fuck," Koneko muttered. It had already begun.

*****

A/N: For those who have wondered why none of them were able to figure out what Diarmid had done before now, sustained possession that can last decades without having any negative impact on the host isn't something shown in either universe, so there's no real reason for any of them to have suspected something that had never been done before. Harry in particular had seen what possession could do to a host in Quirrell during his first year, and nothing Voldemort would have seen in his life would have pointed at it being possible either as both he and Reinhardt needed to create new bodies of their own making to be able to take new corporeal forms.

My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Oct 29, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:JTWO, Brawlingbard, Markuz Black and 205 others
voivode_writer
Oct 28, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 41 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Nov 11, 2025
Add bookmark
#878
"You can't possibly think that killing us here will work out for you," Harry scoffed, drawing on his magic as he waited for Liam or the house-elves to begin attacking. "Our families know where we are."

"Oh, I'll be sure to take care of them as well," Liam sneered.

"Why are you doing this?" Hermione asked. "You know what Declan did to your mother, what he did to…"

"Oh, do you ever tire of hearing yourself speak, you irritating little creature?" Liam hissed, making her flinch. "Merlin, this is why I don't bother dealing with people anymore. Sinead was just like you, convinced she was smarter and more capable than she was, to the point it drove her to think she knew better than everyone."

"Hermione was consistently at the top of her class at Hogwarts," Luna pointed out, backing up with the others to avoid being surrounded, "so at the least, you're wrong about her thinking she's smarter than she is."

"Well, for all her apparent brilliance, she's missed out on one little fact," Liam replied. "I am not Declan's victim, girl."

"He murdered your mother and tore you from her womb, forcing you to grow up without her," Hermione scowled. "What would you call that if not making you his victim too?"

"Progress," Liam smiled.

"Progress?" Rias asked, confused.

"I'm a full four inches taller than Declan, my eyes are a paler shade of blue, my hair slightly fairer, and my jawline more square," Liam replied, smiling as he felt his jaw, "and I managed this without losing his quite strong cheekbones…"

"What the hell are you talking about?" Akeno asked, baffled as Harry gasped.

"Wait...you're not saying…" he breathed, and Liam chuckled.

"I did figure it would be the one man in your group who figured it out if any of you would," he sneered. "Say it boy; tell them all of my brilliance."

"Harry?" Hermione asked.

"Diarmid?" Harry asked and Liam laughed.

"Ah, it is good to hear that name again," he chuckled. "I might actually name the next one Diarmid just so I can again for a while."

"Wait, what?" Rias asked, looking at Harry in confusion.

"Don't look at me," he replied. "From everything Voldemort knew, this kind of long-term possession shouldn't be possible, but the way he's talked about Diarmid's wife more than once…"

"Your Voldemort was a rabid dog," Diarmid muttered. "He was powerful, of course, but I always got the sense that he was his own worst enemy and figured that he'd get himself killed in the end, which, it would seem, he did."

"How could you possibly be Diarmid?" Hermione asked.

"After my daughters died and I was left with nothing but a drunken wretch as my heir, I began to look into...ways to safeguard my legacy," Diarmid replied.

"Why did you not just make a horcrux like any normal psychotic wizard would?" Harry asked. "You could have even sacrificed your son."

"Oh, I contemplated it, but in the end, I couldn't stomach the idea of leaving my soul torn apart like that," Diarmid replied. "Such...blemishes would have bothered me immensely. The solution I found was based on the horcrux ritual, though, as I found a way to split my soul temporarily, placing the removed part not in an object like you normally would, but in a living vessel, one that I could then take control of entirely, pushing out the host soul."

The sheer pleasure in his voice as he spoke suggested that this was something he had wanted to discuss for a long time. He was proud of the horrors he'd pioneered, of the depths he'd sunk to in his evil, and even Rias, an actual born devil, was taken aback by him.

"You possessed your own son?" Hermione asked.

"His body was a half-pickled ruin by the time I finally figured out how to deal with him," Diarmid spat. "His heart was strained, his liver nearly shot, and his brain had degraded, though whether that was the fault of the alcohol or that it had simply atrophied from disuse, I cannot say. Repairing the damage took years, and it wasn't until I sired a new vessel and possessed him that I truly felt like myself again."

"You did father Liam, then?" Luna asked, horrified.

"You raped that poor, innocent girl, let your spawn develop inside her, and then murdered her?" Akeno asked, her glare downright murderous.

"I didn't rape her," Diarmid scoffed. "I seduced her, impregnated her, and then told her that an opportunity had come up on the other side of the world that would take me away for the next several months."

"You did murder her, though," Harry replied. "Why?"

"For one thing, I have no desire to live with a woman again," Diarmid muttered. "I did that once, and it didn't go well. Beyond that, though, I refuse to allow a woman's influence to ruin a perfectly good heir again. Sinead never failed to coddle Desmond as a boy, and I, focused as I was on my work, didn't notice until it was too late just what a weak-willed, useless creature she turned him into. I tried to help him, to get him to see what he was doing to himself and to his family, but nothing ever worked, and in the end, there was but one possible solution."

"You're insane," Hermione hissed, and he chuckled.

"I prefer to think of myself as a visionary," Diarmid replied. "With every generation, I grow more and more perfect. Eventually, once I'm fully satisfied with a body, I will begin to just clone that one, using a technique I stole from an old acquaintance and have very nearly perfected, but that will probably be at least three generations from now. As much as I have enjoyed this rare opportunity to discuss my work, and as grateful as I am for that opportunity, I can't exactly let you leave alive."

"Leaving is the last thing I'm doing, you son of a bitch," Fleur glared, her eyes black with rage and her voice downright avian. "I will have my father's blood sample, preferably taken from your roasted corpse."

"Such fire," Diarmid chuckled. "I do so wish your kind could have sons. I'd sooner kill myself than be a woman, but the benefits of being a Veela would be nice."

"You know, Diarmid, there is one thing you probably shouldn't have told us just now," Harry chuckled, and the other man just furrowed his brow.

"Oh?" Diarmid asked. "What's that?"

"Your whole body swapping technique relies on your splitting your soul and then somehow putting it back together in the new host," Harry replied. "As you've just disposed of Declan and thus haven't had a chance to create a new successor yet, you're mortal right now."

Diarmid flinched just slightly at that before sneering, saying, "Mortal I might be, but I'm also more than up to the challenge of taking down a host of schoolchildren. You might have bested Voldemort somehow, but I am far older and far more knowledgeable than he was."

"You're certainly just as arrogant as he was," Rias muttered, summoning the power of destruction and unleashing a wave of it at him.

Diarmid dodged deftly, and his eyes went wide as Rias' wings appeared, going even wider when the rest of them showed off their own wings.

"Devils?" he breathed. "How?"

"Still think we're just schoolchildren?" Harry spat as Fleur held forth her hands and sent a jet of fire right at him.

Diarmid froze it in mid air and shouted, "Avada Kedavra."

Rias destroyed the killing curse with ease, and just as Akeno was about to respond, the house-elves, which had been standing behind their master through that entire exchange, jumped forth and were suddenly replaced by clones of Diarmid's current form.

"What the fuck?" Harry asked.

"You have no idea what you're facing, boy," Diarmid spat, the seven copies of him speaking in unison as they raised their hands towards him.

A barrage of killing curses, organ-melting curses, bone-breakers, and blood-boilers was sent their way, and Rias moved swiftly to defend them. Bolts of lightning raced towards the copies of Diarmid from Akeno, joining Fleur's fire, and Harry's variety of increasingly dark curses, but nothing got through their seemingly impenetrable defenses. Hermione and Luna worked to help Rias in stopping their enemies' own assault, barely managing to hold them at bay.

"What the hell is this?" Hermione asked.

"Illusion magic," Harry shouted over the deafening roar of the magic. "None of them are wielding wands, see? Even the real one isn't, either because he doesn't need it or because he's fucked off to let the elves kill us."

"This isn't elf magic," Luna said, conjuring stones to throw in front of the killing curses that Rias couldn't destroy in time. "He's…"

"Channeling his magic through them," Harry concluded grimly, increasingly convinced that they were facing more elves than the the seven copies of Diarmid they could actually see.

Redirected spells hit the walls but caused virtually no damage, and he wished that he had the luxury of trying to figure out just how that was possible just then. Diarmid's assault was relentless, his magical reserves clearly being near devil level, another mystery to be solved later. It was less like facing one opponent or a group of opponents, and more like facing a united, incredibly powerful hivemind, and even Rias and Akeno, the heaviest hitters among them, were hard-pressed to get a single hit in.

"I have an idea," Luna announced.

"Just about anything would be nice right now," Rias muttered through gritted teeth, focused on destroying incoming spells as quickly as she could.

"It's something I found in one of those books, called fireball," Luna replied.

"Wait, is that the...Luna!" Hermione exclaimed as the short blonde unleashed the spell right at the center of the room, engulfing the entire thing in an explosion of fire.

*****

"Fucking hell, how has no one thought to use these little fuckers to take over the world before?" Sirius asked himself as he ducked under yet another flying axe conjured and lobbed his way.

He had been on the defensive from the moment Kreacher and Dobby started attacking him, both of them looking like they were in a trance, and if he didn't know that Koneko and Kiba were upstairs and likely about to join the fray, he'd have been more than a little concerned just then. As it was, he knew that his best bet was holding firm and letting the devils sneak in and deal with them quietly, something that they did a moment later, hitting both elves upside the head so hard that they fell unconscious.

"Well, clearly someone has," Kiba muttered, and Sirius chuckled.

"Yeah, but I mean other than the prick who created them," he replied. "There have been so many dark lords who tried to take over various countries, and I don't think any of them have ever tried to use elves as foot soldiers."

"This is hardly the time for this," Koneko hissed. "If you've been attacked…"

"Then the Delacours almost certainly have too," Sirius muttered. "Take me with you."

"Why?" Kiba asked.

"Because I'm not a devil and might actually have a better shot at talking to them," Sirius replied. "What are we going to do with these two?"

"They're sturdy enough that they should be fine, but we're going to need to get…" Kiba went to reply when a sudden alert made both him and Koneko freeze.

"That was from Rias' familiar," Koneko breathed. "We need to go now."

Kiba grabbed Sirius, and the three of them disappeared in a ritual circle, hoping that they'd only have to deal with the one elf they knew about.

*****

"Oh, Sebastian," Apolline said mournfully as she helped her husband hobble along into their home.

"It's...okay," Sebastian replied, his every breath sounding labored. "The pain is...subsided. I just need...to rest."

Apolline helped him into his chair and sighed, saying, "I still say you should be in bed."

"Later," Sebastian replied. "I've spent most...of the last few days in bed...when I wasn't in an ice bath. I just want to spend...an hour or so...seated instead. Where is Gabby?"

"Upstairs," Apolline replied. "I didn't tell her you were coming in case you just wanted to go straight to sleep."

She also hadn't known how bad he'd look, and the reality was almost as bad as what she'd envisioned. His skin was pale and his face gaunt, as though he'd lost even more weight than he apparently had. Healer Allard claimed that on top of causing damage that she couldn't even let herself think about yet to his reproductive system, the third wave of the curse began to drain him terribly. He thought that Sebastian would likely recover some of his strength in the coming days but couldn't say much more. He didn't need to say that he wouldn't survive another wave at this point; that was plainly obvious.

"Bernadette?" Apolline asked tiredly.

"Mistress calls Bernadette?" the family elf asked dutifully.

"Bring Gabrielle downstairs," Apolline replied, "and tell her her Papa has come home."

"Bernadette will, Mistress Apolline," Bernadette replied, disappearing with a pop.

A moment later she returned, having brought the excited little girl with her, and she jumped into her father's lap before Apolline could stop her.

"Papa!" Gabrielle exclaimed, tearing up immediately. "Oh, Papa, are you alright?"

"Just a little tired, little dove," Sebastian replied, straining to get that out in one breath as he hugged her. "Sorry for scaring you."

"It's going to be alright, Papa," Gabrielle whispered, tears running down her cheeks. "Mama says Fleur and 'Arry are working to stop the bad man who hurt you."

"What?" Sebastian asked, glaring at Apolline.

"I didn't say that?" she said, looking down at her daughter in confusion.

"Yes, you did," Gabrielle replied. "You were arguing with that mean auror lady and you said that Fleur and 'Arry had gotten closer to finding the man than they had. You're going to be okay, Papa. 'Arry is a hero; he'll save you."

"I didn't know she was nearby," Apolline muttered, looking at Sebastian apologetically. "Elodie stopped by with a few questions about Fleur."

"I s...get down!" Sebastian exclaimed, reaching for his wand despite how exhausted he felt as a knife came barreling towards Apolline's head.

She ducked under it and barely managed to stop the next one as she whipped around, looking down in horror and confusion as Bernadette continued to lob their kitchen knives at her.

"Bernadette?" she asked, conjuring shields to catch them. "What are you doing?"

The elf didn't answer, and Sebastian forced himself to his feet, pushing Gabrielle behind him as he prepared to try and engage the elf.

"Her eyes," he said. "Her eyes are...clouded over...like."

"Enough," a new voice said, and both Apolline and Sebastian watched in bewildered confusion as a small bat creature appeared in their living room and transformed into a beautiful woman.

She held out her hand, and the knives all turned to ash.

"Get back, all of you," the bat girl said. "Reinforcements will be here soon."

"What are you, and how did you get in here?" Apolline asked, her eyes widening as she watched Bernadette send a concussive blast of energy at Sebastian, which the bat girl vanished.

"I am the familiar of Rias Gremory of the great devil house of Gremory," the bat girl replied, "and I have been tasked by my master with protecting you."

"Devils?" Sebastian asked, beginning to wonder if he was still in the hospital and experiencing some kind of fever dream. "Why would…"

"Piss off, you little gremlin," Koneko muttered, kicking Bernadette across the room and into the wall.

"Bernadette!" Gabrielle exclaimed. "Why did she attack us? What's going on?"

"Koneko?" Apolline asked, jumping back as bat wings sprang from the white-haired girl's back. "What the hell?"

"You're not wrong," Sirius chuckled. "There's a lot we need to explain to you, but first off, I'm Sirius Black, Harry's godfather, and this is Kiba, a friend of his and Fleur's. You've already met Koneko"

"Stand down," Bernadette said robotically. "You're not among my targets."

Koneko launched herself at the elf, getting blasted into the ceiling for her trouble, and Kiba conjured a blade to slice through the table that Bernadette sent their way.

"The one who cursed you is a man named Diarmid Lynch," he explained. "He controls all of the house elves, and he's ordered Bernadette to kill you."

"But she would…" Sebastian went to say just as Koneko managed to punch his elf in the face, knocking her out cold.

"That won't keep her down forever," the white-haired girl sighed. "We need to get all of you to safety."

"I am not going anywhere with you," Apolline hissed. "What have you people gotten my daughter mixed up in?"

"At the moment, the rest of your family is more mixed up in trouble than Fleur," Sirius explained. "Wait, did you say Diarmid Lynch? I thought the current one was named Liam."

"They're all Diarmid," Kiba replied. "He's been possessing his sons for generations, siring them with women he intended to dispose of and raising them to be his next vessel. He's the one who murdered Maelle Devereux back in the sixties, and he cursed you because you wouldn't let the case go."

"He stole her child...so he could possess him?" Sebastian breathed, feeling like the very blood in his veins froze. "That's…"

"Psychotic," Koneko replied. "He used Bernadette to switch out your quills and then cursed you from afar, intending to frame those two numbnuts he killed. I know you guys don't like devils, but I imagine you'd like dying less, so if we could get the hell out of here..."

"He's here," Kreacher hissed, appearing outside the door.

"Oh, fuck this," Koneko muttered, grabbing Sebastian and Gabrielle and teleporting them away.

Kiba did the same with Apolline and Sirius, and soon all six of them were standing in the courtyard of a grand castle none of the humans had ever seen before.

"Where have you taken us?" Apolline demanded.

"The Underworld," Koneko replied.

"What?!" Sebastian exclaimed, stumbling as he tried to step forward, and being caught by Sirius.

"Hey, easy does it, big guy," he wrapping one of Sebastian's arms around his shoulders and helping him forward.

"Why would Bernadette attack us, though?" Gabrielle asked, confused and scared as she looked around frantically. "She's been my friend all my life."

"She's not in control of herself," Kiba explained gently. "The man who makes all the elves is a very, very bad man, and he has the ability to take control of them at will. Your elves will find you anywhere on Earth if I understand how their magic and the bonds they form work, but this place should be far enough away that they won't be able to find you, and you'll be surrounded by guards here,"

"Devil guards," Apolline spat, pulling Gabrielle back and looking around warily. "How in the world did Fleur and Harry even come to associate with you people?"

"Long story short, Harry summoned Rias when he realized he was completely screwed in that tournament he was forced into, and the two hit it off," Koneko replied. "She then introduced them to Akeno, their shared lover, they seduced Hermione and Luna into their relationship, and then finally Fleur joined."

"Darling, is there any chance that I'm just having a truly bizarre dream right now?" Sebastian asked.

"Only if we both are," Apolline muttered. "Where is Fleur now?"

"She's with the others confronting Diarmid," Koneko replied. "They managed to get invited into his tower in Ireland."

"This is...agh," Sebastian cried, stumbling forward only to catch himself on a staff that appeared in his hands.

"You must be the curse victim," Venelana sighed, descending towards them, having conjured that staff. "Rias mentioned it weeks ago, so you are rather far along by now, yes?"

"Who are you?" Apolline asked, stepping back and pulling Gabrielle behind her. Whoever this beautiful brunette was, she was more powerful than anyone she'd ever met, and the Veela could barely fathom what she was sensing.

"I am Venelana Gremory, mother to Rias, your daughter's master," Venelana replied.

"What?" Apolline and Sebastian both gasped.

"You can fly?" Gabrielle asked, staring up at the buxom beauty with wide eyes. "Could I learn how to do that?"

"Maybe when you're older," Venelana chuckled, earning a glare from Apolline.

"What do you mean your daughter is Fleur's master?" the Veela demanded.

"She gave Fleur the gift of devilry," Venelana replied before turning to Koneko and Kiba. "I take it Rias ordered you to bring these humans here if things got particularly unpleasant back on Earth, yes?"

"Yes, Lady Venelana," Koneko replied, nodding her head. "Rias is facing the wizard responsible for all this now with the rest of her peerage. He should be dead within the hour."

"Excellent," Venelana smiled. "In that case, you four are welcome to stay in my castle until this dreadful business is concluded. Come along; I'm sure you have further questions."

"You knew about this?" Apolline asked, glaring at Sirius as Sebastian just stood there leaning on his staff, seemingly in shock.

"I did," Sirius nodded. "Devils aren't as bad as we've all been told in my experience, not universally, anyway. Keep an open mind here, and remember that they did just save your lives, and you might be pleasantly surprised."

"Fleur is off fighting one of the worst things I ever investigated, and you want me to keep an open mind?!" Sebastian exclaimed, growing shocked a moment later as he realized that his fatigue had waned.

"The Underworld is richer in magic than you can imagine," Venelana explained, not needing to read his mind to know what he was thinking. "If you were feeling drained because of your curse, those symptoms will be greatly reduced here. As for Fleur, throw that staff into the air for a moment."

She spoke with such authority that Sebastian didn't even hesitate to do as she said, tossing the staff arcing upward, only to freeze as a blast of crimson energy more powerful than anything he'd ever witnessed collided with it and destroyed it utterly.

"Rias can do that too," Venelana smirked, enjoying the way that all three human adults looked at her in terror, while the little girl just looked excited. "Trust me when I say that your assailant has more to fear right now than your daughter does. Now, come inside, and I'm sure that these two will be able to answer any other questions you have."

With that he flew back towards the castle, and Koneko and Kiba gestured for Sirius and the Delacours to follow, knowing that Rias would want them to answer their questions.

*****

"Luna?" Rias asked in annoyance, only having barely managed to shield them in time because Akeno, Harry, and Hermione all helped.

Their little section of the room was untouched, but the rest had looked singed and charred, with at least a dozen little burned corpses littered about.

"I read about that spell too, and it clearly stated that you should always make sure that the room you're in is large enough before casting fireball, lest you get caught up in the fire too," Hermione muttered, glaring at the blonde, who winced and tugged at her collar.

"Oops," Luna laughed nervously. "I guess I skimmed over that part. I'll be sure to check the size of the room first in future."

"Merlin, that was so many house elves," Hermione said mournfully, looking around at the bodies. "Not one of them had a choice in this fight."

"Neither will any of the others Diarmid's going to send once he realizes that we're still alive," Harry replied, turning himself invisible. "We should keep as silent and unseen as possible."

"Just a second," Rias said as they all turned themselves invisible. Working as quickly as she could, she cast the same communication charms on all of them that she'd used on Harry throughout the last year before finally linking them all together.

"If you can hear me, reply mentally," she projected, smiling when all of them replied affirmatively. "Then let's get…"

"My tower!" Diarmid exclaimed as two house elves popped in to view the scene. "I don't see Potter and his devil whores either. When I get my hands on them, I'm going to boil them, skim the fat, use it to make soap, and then use that soap to clean this up! Find them at once!"

"Yes, Master," the elves replied in unison, and, taking advantage of their distraction, Harry and the others flew across the room and up the stairs, groaning when they saw that that flight of stairs only took them up to the second floor.

"The stairs don't go all the way up?" Hermione asked. "Why?"

"Given that Diarmid seems to just apparate around his home, we'll be lucky if there are stairs that lead all the way up," Akeno replied, and they all groaned mentally at that.

"Keep in mind we did attend a school with moving staircases, and that was much dumber," Luna pointed out.

"It really is a wonder we never lost any students to those things," Harry muttered.

"Do you have any idea how he managed to possess his descendants like that?" Hermione asked. "From what I've read maintaining possession of another person for decades shouldn't be possible."

"No, it shouldn't," Harry relied. "Voldemort had to create a new body for himself from scratch before he found a stable physical form and Reinhardt goes to the trouble of actually cloning himself for the same reason. To possess a different body, even one related to you, and keep it going for sixty-odd years like he must have with Declan, is unheard of. He must prepare them some way that I can't fathom."

They flew out into the hallway as they discussed Diarmid's unusual solution for mortality, staying high enough to be able to avoid any house-elves who might also be invisible, and looked around. The second floor seemed to be home to the kitchens and dining room, both large rooms being perfectly round things.

"For a guy obsessed with perfection, he sure has wasted a lot of space here," Hermione snarked. "Having round rooms carved out of a round tower is just silly."

"To be fair, Mione, Diarmid is, and I can't stress this enough, clearly not all there," Harry replied, and she snorted, remembering to silence herself once she was sure no elves had heard that. "I swear the S.O.B. almost makes Voldemort look normal by comparison."

"Sona's going to love this one," Rias said. "She's always loved to hear about the really insane figures other devils come across, and it doesn't get much more nuts than a narcissistic lunatic, so convinced that he didn't fuck up with his loser son that he decided to possess him to extend his life and then kill all the mothers of his future descendants and vessels so they couldn't ruin them."

"How many women has he killed through the centuries?" Luna asked. "How many boys did he raise to be just like him only to kill them in the end too?"

"He needs to be put down," Hermione replied harshly, and Harry smiled at how much she and Luna had both changed over the last year. There was a time when both of them would have at least hesitated to express what had to be done here, but both of them had grown up since then.

"Sometime figures are so evil that they really do just need to be put down before they can hurt anyone else," he thought to himself, not projecting that particular thought to the others as they reached another staircase and flew up to the next floor, finding that it also only took them up a single floor.

"Bloody hell," he thought, and the others all agreed with the sentiment.

"Even after we kill him, we're going to need to find Papa's blood sample," Fleur thought. "It could be anywhere in this tower."

"Should we keep him alive for questioning then?" Luna asked.

"We don't know how exactly he controls the elves, so leaving him alive for a moment longer than it takes to kill him could easily be a mistake," Akeno replied.

"You're right," Fleur replied. "I hope that my family is okay."

"They are," Rias replied. As she expressed confusion, the redhead added, "I'm sorry I didn't mention it sooner, but the fireball distracted me. Bernadette attacked your family, but my familiar stopped her without killing her, and then Koneko and Kiba brought them and Sirius to Castle Gremory. They're safe now."

"So they know about me," Fleur sighed. "At least they're safe."

"I'm sure they'll accept you in time," Luna soothed, "especially since we're about to save your father and kill Diarmid."

"Mumbles doesn't sense anything," a house elf murmured, looking around. "Master Diarmid is certain that they survived the explosion?"

"There were no bodies, at least that Grubby saw," another elf replied. "The master wants them found, and so they must be found."

The two elves continued their patrol, and Hermione sighed while Harry wondered just how close the elves had to be to Diarmid for him for him to project his magic through them directly.

"Even if I had succeeded in freeing the elves like I wanted to last year, they still wouldn't have been free," she thought, shaking her head. "Those poor creatures have all spent their entire lives in servitude to random families, while a far darker force held their actual reins."

"I hope the secrets of the elves are all here," Luna murmured. "I'd love to know how in the world he actually managed to make them from whatever he found here."

"Once he's dead, I will have my family's servants tear this place apart looking for whatever treasure we can find," Rias replied. "He's lived for centuries and enjoyed a global monopoly on a product sold in multiple countries. I might not have to bother my father for money for years if this place is as rich with potential loot as I expect. You'll all get your shares as well."

"What are we going to tell the authorities?" Luna asked. "It was one thing when we were just rooting through random safehouses that no one alive knew about, but the Lynches are a big deal in the wizarding world and directly involved in a case high-profile enough that I'm sure multiple countries are aware of it by now."

"We can guarantee that, given that Dumbledore had heard about it," Harry replied. "As for what we tell them, we can say he accidentally cut his head off while shaving for all I care. It's not like human authorities really mean much to us at this point."

"Actually, it might be best if we could not tell them that he's dead," Hermione replied.

"What?" Rias asked, confused.

"We say that Diarmid, or Liam, invited us over and tried to kill us, confessing to his crimes in the process and show them the memories of his bragging," Hermione replied. "We say we fled, and the authorities come here, finding the place completely cleaned out, Diarmid nowhere to be found, and everyone in the wizarding world then thinks that this lunatic, who can command their house-elves at will, is still out there right as your father launches his automaton business, offering wizards and witches discounts if they trade in their elves."

"Father quickly corners the market on automatons as elf replacements, and you get to gather the elves all together in the Underworld like you wanted," Rias smirked. "We have been delightfully devious influences on you, Hermione."

"I just want to give them a chance to live on their own terms," Hermione replied. "Once Diarmid's dead, we may very well end the house-elf production altogether, depending on what goes into them, since it wouldn't shock me if it wasn't also terrible at this point, but either way, it will be nice to see what they make of themselves once given the choice."

"You get that they may very well seek to serve us, right?" Rias asked.

"If that's the only thing they want, then so be it," Hermione replied. "It will be up to them."

"Well, I'll try and talk Father into it," Rias promised, making Hermione smile.

They continued flying up through the tower, finding more and more house-elf patrols as they went. The little creatures seemed to be growing more and more unhinged as time went on, almost as if they could all feel their master's growing frustration, and while the group all thought that when they finally reached the top of the tower, that would be where they were most concentrated, it turned out to be almost suspiciously empty.

"I don't think Salazar Slytherin was as obsessed with himself as this guy is," Hermione projected as they reached the final hallway. "Given your descriptions of the chamber."

"I'll admit, this does kind of remind me of the chamber," Harry replied, looking around.

There didn't appear to be many rooms on this floor, as the hallway before them had only a single door at the very end. What it did have, though, was a number of portraits lining the wall, each one depicting one of Diarmid's bodies. The first one, he recognized both from Dumbledore's files and from the identical one downstairs, but this one had, rather than the family motto inscribed under it, a number of figures.

"Five foot eight, bald by forty-five, vision started going at sixty-two, bad chin, sandy hair," Rias read in her mind. "Diarmid really did this at least in part to correct his physical failings."

"He's even harsher about Desmond," Hermione added, reading through the similar notes under that portrait. "This is what he meant by progress. He's been selectively breeding himself for generations, picking women who he thought would contribute positively to his genetic makeup. I'd compliment him for having so unusually scientific a mind for a wizard if he wasn't a murderous lunatic."

"With every generation, he got taller, stronger, and less harsh in his descriptions," Luna murmured, flying across and looking through the portraits until she reached Declan's. "Six foot two, hairline didn't recede, perfect vision, strong, square jaw, fair hair, bright blue eyes."

"That brings up something I've wanted to ask for a while," Akeno piped up. "Does Britain not use the metric system? I've heard you all use imperial multiple times now."

"The muggle side of the country spent decades undergoing metrication," Hermione replied. "Like most muggle innovations, though, the wizarding world has either never heard of it or dismissed it outright as nonsense. My parents still used some non-metric measurements while I was growing up, so I wasn't completely taken aback by it, but Hogwarts and the other magical schools are going to run into issues down the line over it."

"I was curious," Rias chuckled, reaching the door at the end of the hall and reaching out to check for defenses.

Owing likely to Diarmid arrogantly assuming no intruder would ever get this far, there really weren't any wards on this final room, and as Rias discovered, the door wasn't even locked, so she, after creating a quick noise-destroying barrier around it, threw it open and rushed inside.

"His bedroom," Harry guessed at once as he looked around.

"It seems to loop around both ways around the hallway, which is honestly par for the course here," Hermione muttered. "I don't think he's here, though."

"Papa's blood sample could be," Fleur smiled, flying towards the nearest chest and checking it for traps.

"It might be worth looking around," Rias nodded. "Stay on your guard, though. Even if he didn't expect us to get in here, he could return at any moment."

"You, Fleur, and Luna look around the left path, and we'll go right," Harry said, and Rias agreed, flying off towards the left.

Harry quickly found Diarmid's bed and immediately went for the trunk at the foot of it. It was well warded, and as Akeno started searching the various drawers in the numerous armoires on that side of the room and Hermione looked through his extensive bookshelves, he focused on getting through the wards without setting anything off. It took him a couple minutes, but soon he was convinced that he could safely open the trunk and was about to do so when he heard Fleur and Rias panic through their bonds.

"What's wrong?!" he exclaimed.

"It's Luna. She's…" Fleur went to reply when another voice reached them.

"I'm okay," Luna replied. "Wow, that was weird."

"What is this?" Rias asked, and Harry, Hermione, and Akeno flew over, wanting to see for themselves what had so frightened the others.

What they found was an open armoire full of a silvery-looking mist. It stayed contained within the wardrobe, swirling and roiling around, and just as Harry reached it, Luna popped out, having undone her invisibility spell.

"What is this?" Hermione asked aloud, revealing herself as the others did too.

"A portal of some kind," Luna replied. "It's sort of like the doors that the Room of Requirement could create that would take you wherever you want, except this took me to some dark cave. There's another armoire there just like it, and the two seem to be connected."

"Vanishing cabinets," Hermione replied. "I've read of them. They're exceedingly rare."

"A cave under the tower, perhaps?" Rias asked, eyeing the portal curiously. "Interesting."

"That could be the place that Diarmid mentioned finding back in the seventeenth century," Hermione breathed. "Where he found the elves."

"It could also be where he is," Fleur scowled, her fingers practically itching to unleash flames.

"It's possible, but I think we should finish looking around here before we try venturing in there," Harry replied. "I had just finished unlocking a trunk at the foot of his bed when I felt you two panic."

"I can help with that," Fleur murmured. "There's nothing on this side other than basic chests full of junk."

"Most of them weren't even locked," Rias added.

"Well, this one was, and quite heavily too," Harry said.

The six of them flew over to Diarmid's bed, and Harry threw the trunk open, revealing that it had quite an extensive interior.

"You three stay here and make sure we aren't disturbed," Rias instructed, looking at Akeno, Hermione, and Luna. "Fleur, Harry, and I can search through here."

"If the blood sample is here, it will feel like the darkest of magic," Harry explained. "In hindsight, we should have brought Koneko to look for it."

"We'll manage," Rias said confidently, and Fleur flew down into the trunk.

"This is quite the trunk," Harry commented as he joined her. "I'd wager it's quite old too."

"I sense some pretty dark magic down here, but it's not coming from just one source," Rias sighed.

"Stay well away from this," Harry muttered as he looked down at the viscous green liquid simmering away in a cauldron in the corner. "If I'm right, it's one of the worst poisons ever devised."

"Harry!" Rias hissed, looking through a cabinet she'd just opened. "He's got a fair few books in here."

"He had quite the library in his bedroom," Harry murmured as he joined her. "These must be personal."

"Like a grimoire," Rias smirked. "You do still owe Reinhardt for his help."

"I wasn't even planning to think about that until after we'd dealt with Diarmid," Harry replied, pulling out one of the leather-bound books and flipping it open. "Secrets of the Darkest Art. Can't say he's not a fan of the classics."

"Junk," Fleur hissed, shutting another cabinet and trying to open the next one, only to flinch back, having noticed just in time that it was cursed.

"To Serve Swine, by the sorceress Circe," Harry murmured, closing the book and putting it back.

"Harry," Rias breathed. "I think this is it."

"Could I get some help here?" Fleur asked. "This curse is beyond me."

"Just a second," Rias replied, handing him the book and rushing over.

"Hmm," Harry murmured to himself as he flipped through the book.

It was definitely a spellbook of sorts, and one that had been given no title, which was always a good sign when looking for wizards' or witches' grimoires.

"Soul transference," Harry breathed as he read through a lengthy section on a subject that both looked familiar and very much didn't. "Oh, that's why he killed the mothers. Sacrifice them to split off a piece of his soul, having first taken precautions to ensure that it would remain in complete stasis within the child, awaiting its reunion with the rest of him."

He hated that he found this sort of thing fascinating, but with all of Voldemort's knowledge in his head, it was hard not to be intrigued by such innovations, even if they did still revolt him.

"There," Rias muttered after a moment, having destroyed the various curses on the particular cabinet Fleur had called her to. "Now, let's see what was so important."

Opening it up, she looked at the various magical artifacts kept within, though her attention was quickly drawn to a small vial of what was clearly blood. Fleur spotted it a moment later and gasped, grabbing it and trying to get a feel for the magic contained within.

"This...this is his," she breathed, feeling her heart race in her chest as a smile formed on her face. "I'm sure this feels like Papa's magic."

"Let me see," Rias commanded, holding out her hand, and she grimaced when Fleur placed the vial on her palm. "This is singularly wretched. If it is what we're looking for, I understand why Koneko was so disgusted."

"That feels like Nathresia's Bane," Harry nodded, checking it closely. "Rias, if you could?"

"Gladly," Rias smiled, focusing her power into the vial.

A moment later, it and its contents were completely destroyed, and Fleur stumbled back, tears filling her eyes as relief overwhelmed her.

"That was the only one, right?" she asked. "There couldn't be more?"

"Any other blood samples he might have had by now would have had their connections severed," Harry nodded. "Only the cursed one could have remained, and any attempt he might have made at redundancy would have failed because of the sheer power of Nathresia's Bane. It's done."

"Oh, thank you!" Fleur exclaimed, embracing them both.

"I said I'd do everything I could to save him," Harry smiled, running his fingers through her hair, and she kissed him deeply before kissing Rias as well.

"Come," the redhead smiled. "Our work isn't done yet."

"No," Fleur agreed, her eyes hardening. "We still have a monster to slay."

"Fortunately for us, that is somewhat of a specialty of mine," Harry grinned viciously, putting the grimoire in his mokeskin pouch.

The three of them flew out of the trunk and explained what had happened, leading to ill-advised cheers.

"Oh, that's wonderful!" Luna exclaimed, hugging Fleur.

"Thank goodness," Hermione smiled.

"Uh, guys?" Akeno asked. "I'm pretty sure I just heard a few pops outside."

"The portal, now!" Harry hissed, turning himself invisible and flying off towards the portal.

"The master doesn't allow elves in here," a house-elf said, sounding frightened.

"Master told us to search everywhere for the devils," another one said. "Would that not include his chambers?"

"Let's ask," the first one replied.

Rias, who had stuck around in case she needed to kill anyone, smirked at that and quickly returned the room to its prior state, closing the trunk and armoires still left open, before flying off and heading into the portal, pulling the wardrobe's doors closed behind her.

"I am so glad that we can see in the dark," Hermione muttered as she looked around the cave they had entered. "Lumos is nice and all, but it's not exactly subtle."

"I actually found a more useful spell for that called darkvision," Luna replied, "but we all have that naturally now, so…"

"Be very careful down here," Harry muttered. "We have no idea what traps that lunatic has set up."

"I don't disagree, but think of how few traps or wards there were in his room," Akeno replied. "I'd wager he really didn't expect anyone to ever come here."

Quite wary, they flew through the winding tunnel, trying to sense anything that might have been set up to stop them, though they ultimately didn't find anything. After a while they did reach a door that seemed to be simple enough to open, though they quickly realized that it was completely unmovable.

"Is this thing just stuck?" Rias asked, trying to tug it open. "I don't sense any magic on it."

"Oh look, a window," Luna murmured, having looked further ahead, and they noticed that it wasn't so much a window as a natural hole in the wall just barely big enough to see through.

Looking inside, Harry noticed that the room on the other side was quite large, with a sizable staircase leading up to a platform that seemed to extend back along either side. He tried to teleport to the other side, only to realize that he couldn't, the wards around the room stopping him in his tracks, and he scowled.

"Oh, there are actually several layers of wards here," Rias muttered. "It's even enchanted to make them hard to detect. Between that and the protective spells on here, I'm going to need to destroy everything layer by layer before I'll be able to get to deal with the door.

"Diarmid's in there, and...I think that's Deirdre with him," Luna said, still looking through the slight hole in the stone wall.

"What is this place, Mister Lynch?" Deirdre asked.

"This is my ancestors' greatest secret," Diarmid replied. "It was in this very chamber that he discovered all he needed to produce the elves centuries ago. It's been tradition in my family for generations now to show this room to retiring employees as an additional reward for their years of loyal service."

"You're already being more than generous, Mister Lynch," Deirdre replied. "I never expected anything as grand as an all-expenses-paid trip to Australia. I've always wanted to see the place, honestly. I do have to get going soon, though, as my portkey is enchanted to activate in a few more minutes."

"Worry not, Miss McAllen," Diarmid smiled. "I'll make absolute certain that your arrival there is recorded on time."

"What?" Deirdre asked, not sure she'd heard him right.

"Oh, shit," Luna swore under her breath. "I think we need to get in there."

"Tell me, Miss McAllen, what do you see in this little sarcophagus here?" Diarmid asked, reaching down and wiping something with the sleeve of his robe.

"Working as quickly as I can," Rias muttered, sweat beading her brow as she destroyed enchantment after enchantment.

"Is...is that a house-elf?" Deirdre asked.

"The very first, or the last remaining unchanged one," Diarmid replied. "The first bunch were an unruly lot, nothing like the loyal, magically capable ones we know today. This one was the eldest of them, and entombing him in here was necessary to bind them to my bloodline. Would you like to see one be born?"

"Mister Lynch, this is…" Deirdre breathed, taking a step back as her seemingly young boss just smiled at her.

"Watch," Diarmid said, pointing towards a point in the ceiling.

They heard a chicken cluck and then squawk loudly as it seemed to fall into something that made Dierdre jump.

"What in Merlin's na...what?" Deirdre breathed.

"These massive vats turn whatever living things I feed into them into pure, unadulterated life force, which is then used to spawn these little creatures," Diarmid replied, summoning a newly formed elf towards him.

"What the fuck?" Hermione gasped, trying and failing to get a simple spell through the gap in the wall to see if she could do anything."

"The number of creatures needed to make an elf depends on the size and complexity of the creature," Diarmid continued. "I need fewer cows, for instance, than I do chickens, but the most perfect source of all…"

Deirdre screamed as she was hurled forward, and though Hermione and Luna both tried to reach out and catch her, they couldn't. Her screams went chillingly silent a moment later, and Diarmid brought another elf into his arms, cradling the newborn creatures as he sighed.

"Tis a shame, as it always is, but she knew too much," he sighed. "There was a time when I thought she might make a good mother for this form, but I couldn't abide her dreadful eyesight."

"That son of a bitch," Hermione growled.

"What?!" Diarmid demanded. "What do you mean you...oh, do I have to do everything myself?"

His fury was as sudden as his subsequent departure, as he vanished with an audible pop.

"Finally," Rias hissed, getting through the final defenses on the door and destroying the whole thing.

"Why did he do that?" Luna asked. "That woman was nothing but loyal to him."

"Possibly because she knew about us," Harry replied, "though it might just be that he kills off all his employees when they're no longer useful to him. He doesn't hire many people, by the sound of it, and if the odd person goes missing on vacation, I guess it wouldn't be hard to get the authorities to just dismiss it.

"What in the world?" Fleur asked, rushing up the stairs and landing next to a bronze sarcophagus small enough to fit a young child. It had a glass window in it about three-quarters of the way to the top, showing what it contained.

"That's a house-elf?" Hermione asked, furrowing her brow in confusion.

The creature inside bore some resemblance to the elves they knew, but he was also quite different. He had a white beard, for one thing, and bushy eyebrows, whereas elves often had little hair at all and certainly never had facial hair, and his skin was slightly darker than that of the elves Harry had seen. Most peculiar were his ears which, while long, and bat-like, seemed more rigid than normal, looking like they wouldn't droop at all if he were standing up.

"If that thing has been alive since the seventeenth century, he looks pretty good," Akeno murmured.

"There are ways to preserve life by keeping people in perpetual stasis," Harry replied. "Voldemort read about them, though even he wasn't willing to go that route to stave off death."

"Oh, fuck," Hermione breathed, flying up and looking down into the vat that Deirdre McAllen had been flung into. Inside it was a swirling vortex of golden light so plainly dangerous that she didn't think for a moment that there was a chance to save the innocent woman.

"So house-elves are made by sacrificing living beings, feeding them into these vats, and then repurposing their energy," Luna surmised. "I guess we really are going to be shutting down production of them."

"No, you're not," Diarmid snarled, walking into the room and swiping his wand across it. They all watched in horror as their invisibility spells were nullified, revealing them to his eyes. "In fact, I think you'll make fantastic sacrifices. I've never thrown devils in the vats before. Who knows how many of them each of you will create?"

"It's over, Diarmid," Harry bluffed confidently. "I have an enchanted quill in my pocket linked to another one that has been transcribing everything I've heard since I got here. I've already ensured that the British and French DMLEs will receive copies of every single document, as will Albus Dumbledore."

"You're bluffing," Diarmid chuckled, "and even if you weren't, it wouldn't matter. My elves are indispensable to the wealthy of Ireland, Britain, and a host of other countries. Any investigation into me would be shut down faster than you can believe, for after all, without me, who would fluff their noble pillows and serve their food and drink?"

"You're insane," Hermione hissed.

"You're naive," Diarmid spat, "but enough talk."

Dozens of house-elves appeared then, taking on the illusionary visage of the lunatic before them.

"That fire spell of yours was quite inspired, Lovegood," the many Diarmids said in unison, "but I'll know to watch for and counter it this time. Stand down, and I'll make your ends quick despite what a collective pain in my arse you've all been. You are hopelessly outnumbered."

"How about you stand down?" Rias asked, hovering her hand over the sarcophagus, smirking when she saw a hint of genuine fear in one of their faces. "I understand this is rather important to your entire operation."

"We wouldn't know that if you didn't insist on monologuing to your victims," Harry chuckled. "Voldemort always did that too. Does overexposure to dark magic just give you lot the compulsion?"

"If you overheard that, then you spent a great deal of time getting through this door," Diarmid grinned, "meaning that you can't just blast your way through my defenses on it either."

Rias didn't let her irritation show, but deep down she knew he was right. For as devastating as the Power of Destruction could be in a fight, and as skilled as she was with it, she couldn't yet just look at an enchanted object, ignore the protections on it, and destroy the whole thing and its many protective enchantments at once. Sirzechs could, she knew that, and her mother could have, but she wasn't on their level yet. She needed to examine something this heavily enchanted and take out protections on it before she could just blast it away. Luckily for her, she had been since the moment she laid eyes on it.

"This is the most heavily warded, enchanted thing I've ever seen," Rias thought to herself, sharing that with the others. "He's likely been tinkering with it for centuries, layering more and more enchantments on it in the process."

"Can you get through it?" Harry asked.

"Not while under fire," Rias replied. "Keep me protected, and I'll destroy the enchantments on this thing as quickly as I can. I think I've found something on it that might give us an edge too."

"I've always hated making messes," Diarmid sighed, "but clearly you lot aren't going down without a fight. "Avada…agh!"

Harry and the others, tensed and ready for a fight, watched in confusion as the many copies of Diarmid all flinched, all but one of them flickering in and out of existence for a moment.

"What did you do?!" he demanded, and Rias laughed.

"That was blood I sensed," she practically purred. "I think he's been bleeding out his old bodies onto this sarcophagus to restrengthen the bond between him and this elf."

A sickly purple curse, radiating malice, raced towards Rias, and Harry conjured a stone shield to stop it, hurling the broken pieces right at the real Diarmid, who vanished them all.

"Kill them!" he roared, and the elves, having looked confused for a moment, all glared at them through their false visage.

An onslaught of spellfire flew towards them, and as they moved into position to shield against the multitude of colored lights, they were shocked to see them all fizzle out as a globe of translucent energy formed around them.

"Oh, cool, globe of invulnerability works too," Luna beamed, earning looks of shock from everyone in the room.

"Luna, remind me to look through those spellbooks in more detail later," Harry replied, wondering if these odd spells from another world could help him against Riser Phenex in a few weeks.

"Okay," Luna replied.

Diarmid watched in frustration as virtually every spell he used was blocked outright by the short blonde's seemingly impenetrable shield, and he snarled, "Avada Kedavra."

Figuring that Luna's spell probably wouldn't stop that, Harry conjured a flock of birds to get in the way. One of them was struck and fell as Akeno and Hermione responded with lightning bolts and blasting curses that forced Diarmid onto the defensive. Forced to use only unforgivables, since nothing else seemed like it would work, Diarmid and his hivemind of elves unleashed a barrage of killing curses and cruciatus curses, frustrated by the need. There was a reason why, even among dark wizards, only magical heavyweights like Voldemort ever used the unforgivables excessively in fights, since they were more draining to cast, but he knew that the crimson-haired devil behind the others was still looking over the sarcophagus, and he couldn't allow her to break it.

Rias worked as quickly as she could, reaching out with her senses and trying to find more traces of older blood in the sarcophagus. Banking on her theory about it being right, given how there had seemed to be a momentary disruption in Diarmid's control of the elves after she destroyed Declan's blood, she sought to destroy the rest, figuring that would be easier than trying to parse through the insane number of protective enchantments he had placed on it.

"Look out!" she heard Akeno shout, and she looked up just in time to see a house-elf flying towards her, a runic belt around his neck that she highly doubted wasn't lethal.

Sending out a wave of destructive energy, she atomized the elf and the belt, though the faintest hints of the explosion it would have delivered still showed, and she glared at Diarmid, who returned the look.

"What the hell are you?!" he shouted, lobbing more kamikaze elves at her while those around him continued to exchange spellfire with the others.

Harry started redirecting them towards the vats, hoping that the explosions would damage them, but to their frustration, the vats absorbed everything that entered them, rendering them harmless. Even worse, new elves formed for every one that went in.

"Rias, it would be great if you could hurry up," Akeno muttered, blanketing the area with lightning, which the elves managed to shield against.

"I swear I'm going to kill him," Hermione muttered, focused on shielding against incoming attacks as she watched him sacrifice elves with wanton disregard for them.

"You and I will have to fight for that privilege," Fleur replied, desperately trying to land any hits on the illusionary copies of Diarmid.

Harry continued to conjure fake birds to catch the barrage of lethal curses coming their way, watching the bodies accumulate on the floor, and once he figured he had enough, he took a page from Luna's book and tried one of the few spells from those odd books that he had tested out. He wasn't sure if the grease formed by the grease spell was flammable or not, so he transfigured it into thick oil as he spewed it forth onto the ground around the elves and Diarmid, and then, lighting the bird bodies on fire, he sent them hurling towards them.

Diarmid realized what was about to happen, and the many copies of him sought to stop the flaming birds from reaching the oil, giving Akeno and Fleur the openings they'd sought. By lightning bolts and jets of flame, the elves began to fall one by one, and though they succeeded in stopping the flaming birds from reaching the oil, once Fleur realized what Harry had done, she focused all of her power on a single strike towards the slick, making the whole area go up in flames. Diarmid managed to flee in time, apparating onto the upper platform to their right, but several of the elves caught fire and fell.

"I hate this, but there won't be any reasoning with them until their master falls," Hermione thought to herself mournfully as she glared at Diarmid, who was swiftly joined by the dozen or so elves he had left.

"I am getting sick of this," the man snarled. "That sarcophagus can survive much, so perhaps it will even survive this. Pestis…"

"Get back!" Harry shouted, preparing to do battle with fiendfyre, when Diarmid stopped in his tracks and gasped.

"No!" he shouted, his wand leveled at Rias, but it was too late.

"Got you," the redhead laughed.

While Declan's blood had only been spilled into the sarcophagus days earlier and so hadn't fully settled in, the others had been bled into it, at minimum, decades earlier, and they had all melded together in the recesses of the magical device. That meant that finding even a trace of one of them was finding all of them, and she swiftly destroyed the lot, jumping back when she saw the bronze vessel swing open.

"What have you done?" Diarmid breathed, sounding horrified. "Elves, defend me!"

"Elves?" a new voice wheezed, sounding exhausted and also oddly disgusted. Harry and the others all turned and watched as the old-looking house-elf opened his eyes, yellow orbs that glared balefully at Diarmid as he stepped forward. "I think...not."

He snapped his fingers, making a wave of magic billow through the room and beyond, before promptly falling forward and nearly landing on his face. Hermione caught him just in time, and they all watched as the illusionary images of Diarmid vanished, leaving only house-elves, who looked around, blinking in confusion.

The evil wizard stared down at his servants, fear evident in his eyes, and said, "I am still your master, and you will kill these intruders."

"Master?" one of the asked, either not understanding the word, or not understanding how it related to Diarmid.

"He's not your master," Hermione hissed, standing up. "He's a pathetic old man who's taken advantage of you all for too long and you deserve to have your revenge on him. Kill him, kill him now."

"Yes," Fleur added, quietly conjuring weapons at their sides. "Kill him; he couldn't possibly deserve it more."

"You're fooling yourselves if you think my elves will ever AHH!" Diarmid screamed in pain as one of the elves behind him stabbed him through his left calf, making him fall to his knees. He went to raise his wand, fully intending to roast the traitor elf alive, when another one lopped off his hand with a razor-sharp axe.

"Kill the false master!" one of the elves screamed, sounding more manic and bloodthirsty than any of them had ever heard any elf sound before.

Surrounded by a dozen armed, very violent creatures, and with no weapon of his own, Diarmid Lynch fell to the ground screaming as he was stabbed, gouged, and bludgeoned over and over again by the cackling creatures. The group of devils just stood there for a moment, watching as the pool of blood around his flailing body grew larger and larger. None of them felt a single iota of sympathy for what might have very well been the most evil man any of them had ever encountered, and even Fleur, who had wanted to tear out his throat with her own teeth for what he'd done to her father, couldn't help but think that it was a fitting end.

As they stood there, deep under the ground of the Lynch tower, watching as its master finally stopped twitching, Harry voiced the one question on all of their minds. "Where the hell do we even start to deal with this?"
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:JTWO, Brawlingbard, Markuz Black and 235 others
voivode_writer
Nov 11, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 42 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Nov 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#894
"This old elf's pulse seems strong," Hermione murmured, pressing her fingers against the neck of the creature they'd freed from the magical sarcophagus he'd been sealed in. "We should get him somewhere where we can check o…"

"Mistress?" one of the elves asked, approaching her slowly, and Hermione furrowed her brow at him.

"What?" she asked.

"Command us, Mistress," the elf grinned.

"Why do you think that I'm…" Hermione went to ask.

"You were the first one who gave them an order after the spell linking them to Lynch failed," Rias guessed. "If you could be practical for a moment, they might be a big help for us."

"Are we going with Hermione's plan then?" Fleur asked. "Empty the tower, make it look like he fled, and then feed the authorities just enough to get the story out?"

"That does seem doable," Harry replied. Looking at the elves, he asked, "Is this cave accessible other than through the armoires?"

They all just looked up at him in confusion, not seeming to understand the question, and Harry furrowed his brow as he saw their eyes seem to turn yellow for a split second.

"If they were born more recently, they wouldn't necessarily know," Hermione replied.

"I'll fly through and see if I can find another way out," Luna offered, taking off up the stairs and through the door.

"If he sealed the cave off completely, then we can just move the one armoire out and keep access to it," Rias mused. "I'll simply destroy this set-up if I need to, but I'd rather study it first if possible."

"Harry, are you going to speak with Dumbledore?" Akeno asked. "He might be a significant resource here."

"I suppose I should," Harry nodded.

"'Arry, if we do as 'Ermione wants, what am I going to tell my family?" Fleur asked. "I don't like the idea of making them think that this monster is still alive."

"Make it clear to them that they are not under any threat, that they will be protected by the devils, and that Diarmid's connection to the elves was broken during the fight before he escaped and he is thus much, much weaker," Rias replied. "Thinking that a man able to take command of their elves is still out there is how we're going to free them as quickly as we wish to, and you know that your father wouldn't agree to go along with our deception."

"No, he wouldn't," Fleur muttered, shaking her head.

"Tell them whatever you have to to put their minds at ease," Hermione murmured, "but I really do want to take advantage of this opportunity. I just hope that Lord Zeoticus can scale up production of the automatons quickly enough.

"That won't be a problem," Rias assured her.

"I'm going to go check on Papa," Fleur declared. "I know he should be recovered, given that we destroyed the blood sample, but I need to see it for myself and give him our story."

"Fleur, there is every chance that your family is in the Underworld right now," Rias said, and the Veela froze.

"What?" Fleur asked.

"My instructions to Koneko and Kiba were, if the house elves attacked, to bring your family and Sirius to Castle Gremory, where they could be kept safe," Rias replied. "We have to assume that Diarmid had Dobby, Kreacher, and Bernadette attack when he struck against us."

"Dobby!" Harry called out, and the elf appeared immediately, holding a towel full of what he assumed was ice against his head. "What happened?"

"Dobby doesn't know, Harry Potter, Sir," Dobby replied, his eyes going wide as he looked around and spotted the mutilated corpse lying nearby. "One moment, Dobby was fine; the next...this. What happened here?"

"We got in a fight," Harry replied, casting a quick healing charm on Dobby's bruised head. "I'm going to go out on a limb and guess that Koneko knocked him out."

"I need to check Castle Gremory then," Fleur replied, not at all looking forward to the conversation she was about to have.

"Dobby, I need you to summon me into Hogwarts," Harry instructed, "and then show these elves the Rookery. I want this tower cleaned out, and everything, be it of value or not, moved over."

"If anything doesn't fit in the Rookery, store it in Grimmauld Place for now," Rias added.

"Mistress?" the elves asked, looking at Hermione, who sighed.

"Do as they say," the brunette replied, picking the ancient elf up. "Fleur, I'll come with you and get this one settled in a bed so I can check him for injuries."

"My family's servants can look at him as well," Rias added.

"There's no exit to this cave that I could find," Luna announced as she flew back in.

"Then, we need to get the tower's armoire out first," Rias nodded as she reached out with her senses. "I think the wards around this place died with Lynch, so getting in and out should be simpler now."

"Once I speak to Dumbledore, we'll probably have about an hour before the authorities arrive, so do you want me to hold off?" Harry asked.

"No, with the elves here obeying Hermione, it shouldn't take us too long," Rias replied.

"Okay, then, Dobby, go summon me within the castle's wards, and let's get this taken care of," Harry ordered, and the elf popped out.

A moment later, Harry felt himself being summoned away and smiled at the familiar sight of Hogwarts' walls as he appeared within the castle.

"Professor Dumbledore?" he called out. "Fawkes? I…"

"Harry?" Dumbledore asked, appearing in a plume of flame with Fawkes on his shoulder. "What is it?"

"I know I said I'd write first, but there's been a bit of a development in the Lynch case," Harry replied, and the older man's bushy white brows raised towards his hairline.

"I see," Dumbledore nodded, holding out his hand. "Please, come along."

Harry took his hand, and Fawkes brought them all back to the old man's office, perching on his left horn as he sat down.

"I must say, I didn't expect you to find anything this quickly," Dumbledore murmured.

"Well, time was of the essence, given Sebastian's rapidly deteriorating condition, and it turned out that Lynch truly did curse him," Harry replied, and Dumbledore sighed.

"I see," he said. "Helping the director is going to be quite difficult, as unless you have direct proof of his involvement, getting the ministries to move against Declan Lynch will be…"

"Declan died before I could speak with him, funny enough, but regardless, we don't have to worry about Sebastian's condition anymore," Harry replied. "I found the blood sample in his tower and destroyed it, but that is far from all that I found. I could explain things in detail, but it might be better to just watch."

"By all means," Dumbledore nodded, gesturing to the pensieve.

Harry focused for a moment, using all of his mental discipline to edit the memory of his confrontation with Diarmid Lynch. Editing one's memories was a difficult thing, and editing them so that even an expert like Dumbledore would be fooled was even harder, but Voldemort had been a master of the mental arts, and Harry wanted to see if he could pull this off. If Dumbledore didn't notice anything off with the memory, then neither would the aurors.

In this new version of events, he met with Lynch alone, listened to him prattle on about his brilliance, tossed a fireball at him when he and his elves tried to kill him, and then flew on a broom through the tower, completely invisible, finding the blood sample and then fleeing through the armoire in the cave, destroying the equipment used to make the house elves, and then fleeing back through the portal as Diarmid appeared, flying out the window. It was a simple narrative, which showed enough to establish Lynch's guilt without making it clear that he was dead. Once Harry had the edited memory in his hand, he placed it down into the basin next to Dumbledore's desk and gestured for the man to take a look.

"Be warned, he is far more twisted than you realized," Harry replied, and Dumbledore paused, looking at him curiously.

"You said Declan had died," the old wizard pointed out, and Harry nodded.

"He had, and yet I didn't just misspeak," he replied. "You'll understand in a moment."

*****

"Grayfia?" Fleur asked, spotting the silver-haired maid as she appeared in the antechamber of Castle Gremory. "Are…"

"Your family is in the guest wing," Grayfia replied before she could ask. Looking at the elf in Hermione's arms, she asked, "What in the world is that?"

"A house-elf," Hermione replied. "It's a long story, but suffice it to say he's been in stasis for centuries, we broke him free, and after he took a few steps forward, he collapsed, unconscious."

"Lead her to one of the guest rooms and have Heinrich look at him," Grayfia instructed one of the nearby maids, who nodded and gestured for Hermione to follow.

Fleur barely paid her any heed, flying off towards the guest wing and smiling when she spotted Koneko a moment later.

"Fleur," the nekomata sighed. "Rias and the others…"

"They're fine," Fleur replied. "We won. Where…"

"They're in there," Koneko replied, and Fleur rushed inside, finding her mother staring in awe at her father as he stood up straighter than he had in weeks, being examined by a middle-aged, bearded man.

"Monsieur Agippa, are you sure?" Apolline asked, her voice tinged with hope.

"All traces of the curse seem to be gone," Heinrich replied. "You'll want to be examined by your own healers, of course, but…"

"Fleur!" Gabrielle exclaimed, jumping into her sister's arms. "Papa's feeling better. I knew 'Arry would save 'im."

"Fleur," Sebastian and Apolline said in unison, staring at her in a mix of relief and apprehension.

"Heinrich, we have someone, or something else, that Lady Grayfia wanted you to examine," the maid from earlier said, and the older man nodded.

"I'll leave you to catch up," he said, nodding at Sebastian before flying off.

"You lot kicked Lynch's arse then?" Sirius asked, standing up and walking over to them.

"We did," Fleur smiled.

"Fleur, we…" Apolline went to say.

"We need to talk; I'm aware," Fleur sighed.

"I'll leave you to it," Sirius replied. "I wonder how great a bar this place has."

"Actually," Kiba murmured, poking his head in. "If the threat from the elves has passed, I can take you back to Japan."

"That works too," Sirius chuckled.

"When you're ready to go, Fleur can take you back herself," Kiba added, and Apolline's eyes narrowed.

"Yes, because you're a devil now," she said, looking at her daughter, who sighed.

"If I wasn't, we'd all be dead," Fleur pointed out. "At the very least, Papa would be."

"Let's just sit down and talk," Sebastian sighed. "So Declan Lynch really was the one who cursed me?"

"And murdered Maelle Devereux, yes," Fleur replied, "though it's all far more dark than we ever imagined."

"What could be darker than murdering a young woman so he could steal her baby?" Sebastian asked.

"He fathered the child himself, intending to kill her and then possess the kid down the line," Fleur replied, making her father's eyes go wide as saucers. "He had been doing this for centuries too. Declan Lynch, or Liam as he was going by when we met him, was actually Diarmid Lynch, the founder of the line."

"So 'Arry fought and defeated a centuries-old evil wizard to save Papa?" Gabrielle asked in awe. "He is magnificent."

Fleur heard her mother swear under her breath and resisted the urge to laugh.

"Before we get to the finer details of that, and we will, there are certain other matters we need to address," Sebastian said, and Fleur nodded, knowing that there was no putting off this conversation any longer.

*****

"Merlin's beard," Dumbledore muttered as he slumped in his chair. "I thought something was off with the man, but...that?"

"I am so glad he and Voldemort never met," Harry chuckled.

"How are you so calm about this?" Dumbledore asked. "A wizard powerful enough that you couldn't take him down is still out there and will be after your blood."

"I fought him to a draw, despite being completely unprepared for just how powerful he was," Harry replied, "and then managed to sneak around his tower at will. He's powerful and significantly beyond the average wizard, but his most devastating abilities came from his connection to the elves, and I seem to have destroyed that. Dobby and Kreacher both attacked Sirius, who had to be helped out by my friends, and they seem fine now. The blood ties between Diarmid and the elves were ancient and layered, and setting that all up again would not only likely take more time than he'll have before the aurors can reach him, but it probably wouldn't reestablish his connection to the already existing elves."

"Even still, when word of this gets out, the wizarding community is not going to take it well," Dumbledore muttered, rubbing his temples. "None of us have ever imagined for a moment that our elves might turn against us. The idea is downright terrifying."

"I might actually have a solution for that," Harry replied. "Weeks ago, long before we knew that Sebastian Delacour was sick, much less had cause to think that the Lynch family might be involved, Hermione read about Diarmid Lynch because she wanted to free the elves. She's had a problem with them being unpaid labor ever since she learned about Dobby's experiences and sought a solution, which my future father-in-law seems to have found."

"Oh?" Dumbledore asked, furrowing his brow.

"Among the texts recovered from the sealed library were those written by the ancient Atlanteans," Harry replied, making his eyes go wide as saucers. "They used automatons as servants, not wanting to risk the wrath of the biblical god by venturing out into the world for slaves as they would have before they fled to their island sanctuary. Zeoticus, Rias' father, has managed to recreate these automatons, and they might very well work as replacements for the elves, who could then be settled in the Underworld and allowed to live out their lives in peace and freedom."

"A noble goal," Dumbledore commented, "and one which might very well become necessary, depending on how quickly we're able to apprehend Diarmid Lynch. The noble families are going to be unsettled by the idea that it was ever possible for someone else to command their elves, but if we don't find him and bring him in quickly, I could see plenty of them decide that having them around at all is a risk they can't take. Of course, they're not going to be particularly pleased by the idea of getting their replacements from a devil."

"I was hoping that that little fact could be kept between us," Harry said, "if for no other reason than that putting forward this immediate solution might keep more than a few of the elves from being killed by their suspicious owners. The automatons are powered by a runic power source that needs to be replaced every few decades but which is directly tied to the person commanding it. Zeoticus couldn't override them, and the runes will be clear enough that any sufficiently knowledgeable wizard or witch could determine that."

"Others could learn to make them then," Dumbledore pointed out, and Harry chuckled.

"They could," he admitted. "This isn't like the elves, where they could only ever come from one source, and I'm sure that whatever company gets set up to sell them will quickly work to patent them in every country in the world, but what will really set the Gremory models apart from any recreation will be the speed of production. The entire wizarding world working together couldn't produce them at the same rate that the factories in the underworld will once production gets ramped up, and it will be more cost-effective to simply buy them from the source."

Dumbledore sat back and sighed, rubbing his temples as Fawkes began to trill a pleasant tune.

"You realize that you're going to need to speak to the aurors about this, yes?" he asked, and Harry nodded.

"I imagine that Amelia Bones has wanted a word with me for weeks now," he murmured.

"Her successor, Rufus Scrimgeour, has as well," Dumbledore replied. "Amelia was named interim minister when Cornelius elected to retire in the aftermath of Tom's assault on the school. She is likely to be elected outright in a few weeks."

"Well, do you think it would be better for me to reach out to them or for you to?" Harry asked.

"I'll contact Rufus now and see if he has a moment to come over," Dumbledore replied, and Harry nodded, hiding his horns and tail from view and awaiting the arrival of the aurors he'd been avoiding for a month.

*****

"But to actually become one of them?" Apolline asked mournfully, and Fleur sighed.

"'Arry was always going to choose Devilry so he could be with Rias, and I could not remain mortal if I wanted to stay with him, which I desperately do," Fleur replied. "I love him. I love all of them, and…"

"You're willing to remain a part of this...harem situation?" Sebastian asked, wincing as he shifted his weight in his chair.

"Papa?" Fleur asked. "Are you alright?"

"Just some lingering soreness," Sebastian replied. "It's not like it was when the curse was still active."

"'Arry is my boyfriend, and 'Ermione, Luna, Akeno, and Rias are all my girlfriends, and I could not be happier," Fleur replied. "I know it is odd, but I love them, and they love me. I moved to Japan for a reason, after all. As for me being a devil, surely from how they took you in today and kept you safe, you can see that they are not all the monsters that we were taught they are."

"I will admit that I've been surprised by how utterly pleasant they've been," Sebastian replied.

"You know how much our kind has suffered for our supposed association with them, though," Apolline hissed. "If word got out that you had become one of them, none of the Veela communes would allow you anywhere near them again. They might bar us too."

"I have worked to keep it a secret, Mama," Fleur sighed. "Our connection to them is quite real, though."

"What?" Apolline glared.

"We do descend from Anastasios, Aphrodite's son, but the woman he took as his wife was herself the descendant of the succubi," Fleur replied.

"How could you say that?" Apolline demanded, jumping to her feet. "The vile lies that have been told about our people for generations have been used multiple times to justify crimes against us. Saying that we descend from devils, that the first of us consumed a phoenix, and that's why we have our powers…"

"The first devil of the Phenix line did consume a phoenix," Fleur replied calmly, "and the succubus who birthed our common ancestor was of their line, but we can hardly be blamed for that. The incubi and succubi were created by the great devil Leviathan to fix the low fertility problems common to all devils, but they were all wiped out by the angels. The devils believe that Azazel, the Governor-General of the Fallen Angels, spared the first Veela, sensing that she was mortal and not a true devil, and placed her with the family that raised her. She then met Anastasios when she came of age."

"How can you be so certain of this?" Sebastian asked before Apolline could respond.

"Because I've met a living incubus, and his allure is too much like ours for there not to be a connection there," Fleur replied.

"You said the angels killed them all, though?" Gabrielle asked.

"They did, but somehow one of the devils managed to experiment on a young human boy in a way that ensured that, when he became a devil, he became an incubus instead," Fleur replied, and Apolline's jaw dropped.

"'Arry?" she asked. "'Arry has an allure like ours?"

"He does," Fleur nodded. "You'll get to feel that for yourself when he finishes speaking with the authorities."

"I should return to France," Sebastian muttered, standing up. "Now that we know who we're looking for, we're going to need to coordinate with the Irish…"

"You only just had the curse lifted," Apolline hissed. "You need to be examined by Healer Allard before you even consider going back to work."

"Maman's right, Papa," Fleur said. "'Arry will already have met with the head of the English aurors by now, and with the sheer security threat that Diarmid Lynch poses, given what he can do with the house elves, they will quickly set about working with the Irish aurors to confront him."

"What exactly happened in Ireland?" Sebastian asked. "Clearly you destroyed the blood sample, given my recovery, but what happened with Lynch?"

"He demanded to meet with 'Arry alone, and he went, with the rest of us sneaking onto the island behind him in case he needed backup," Fleur replied. "When he attacked, Harry fought him off and escaped, making it look like he fled onto the grounds while, in reality, he hid himself and started searching through the tower for your blood while Lynch was busy searching for him. He found it, destroyed it, found and destroyed the apparatus that Lynch used to make and link himself to the elves, and then escaped. We were going to deal with Lynch, but as his control over the elves seemed to break, he fled."

"So Bernadette is herself again?" Gabrielle asked hopefully.

"It seems so," Fleur smiled. "'Arry's elves certainly were."

"That could just be a trap, though," Sebastian warned.

"You didn't see how confused the elves looked the moment we felt something powerful within the tower be destroyed," Fleur said, shaking her head. "Lynch was able to project his magic through them and had dozens of them patrolling the island looking for 'Arry, and the moment they stopped obeying him, he fled. He's weakened and on the run, Papa. Let the other aurors deal with him."

"He took command of an elf I've known since I was a boy, invaded our home, tried to kill me, and…" Sebastian trailed off. "I…"

"Want to kill him as much as I do, I'm sure," Fleur sighed, "but there is no harm in letting others bring down people like that; trust me there. Your curse was just lifted, and you have quite the recovery ahead of you, I'm sure. Please just let the others deal with this."

"Fine," Sebastian sighed, sounding more tired and old than she could ever remember him sounding before. "I am going to fill Elodie in on this, though."

"About the warrant for my arrest you undoubtedly filed…" Fleur murmured, and he sighed.

"There was never a warrant for your arrest, Fleur," Sebastian said. "I didn't want that record existing and figured you were unlikely to return to France soon anyway. I'm sorry I reacted as I did that day. I thought you were in over your head and going to get yourself hurt or worse."

"You were scared for me as I was scared for you," Fleur smiled. "I understand, really."

"Could you take us back to the manor?" Apolline asked. "I need to see what state it ended up in after the fight with Bernadette."

"About her..." Fleur replied. "In all likelihood, she won't know what she did or have any recollection of what happened before. She didn't seem to before, and the other elves seemed so confused in the aftermath of Lynch's power over them being broken."

"So it would be best not to mention any of it?" Gabrielle asked.

"It wasn't her fault, and upsetting her over it wouldn't be fair," Fleur replied.

"You have a point," Sebastian sighed, still struggling to come to terms with the idea that an elf he'd known since he was a boy had anything to do with the attempt on his life. Still, if she truly did have no control over herself or any idea that she'd done anything wrong, he couldn't really bring himself to blame her.

Fleur smiled at him and wrapped her arms around him, only to pull back when he winced and tensed up.

"Papa?" she asked.

"Your papa is still just sore from the effects of the curse," Apolline said.

"Yes, that's all," Sebastian replied. "Overall, I feel much better, but I will still need some rest."

"Right," Fleur replied, furrowing her brow. "Well, I'm sure Maman will contact your healer as soon as she can."

"Of course," Apolline said, giving her a look that showed there had been little chance of her doing anything else. "After that, you and I can continue our chat."

"Will 'Arry be coming by later?" Gabrielle asked. "I want to thank him for saving Papa."

"'Arry is quite busy right now dealing with the aurors," Fleur replied, too distracted by her lingering concerns for her father to worry about the tone of her sister's voice. "Come close, and I will teleport us all back to the chateau."

"You being a devil explains why you were able to escape it as you did that day," Sebastian murmured, having wondered how his daughter managed to ignore his anti-apparition wards.

The three of them huddled close to Fleur, who opened a fiery magical circle around them and teleported back to France.

*****

"This...this isn't possible," Fergus O'Leary, the head of the Irish division of the British Auror force, stammered as he pulled his head out of Dumbledore's pensieve, having watched the memory that Rufus Scrimgeour and Amelia Bones already had.

"You saw the bloody memory the same as I did," Amelia muttered, her face so tense Harry almost feared for her monocle.

"This is going to make the headache caused by the assault on Hogwarts seem tame by comparison," Rufus muttered.

"Could it have been someone using polyjuice?" Fergus asked desperately.

"Oh, come off it, man," Rufus scoffed. "The man commanded Inchmore Tower's wards and controlled the Lynch family's elves. We received record of Declan Lynch's death days ago and had been informed that his son Liam would be taking over the family business, so we know that he was who he claimed."

"That's all correct," Amelia nodded.

"Merlin, what a nightmare," Fergus muttered. "You know what havoc news of this is going to wreak in our country."

"And further abroad," Dumbledore piped up. "House-elves have become a major part of our way of life over the past few centuries, and no one is going to be pleased to learn any of this."

"Is there any way we could keep things quiet?" Fergus asked, looking pleadingly at Amelia. "At least until we've brought Liam Lynch in for questioning?"

"The French authorities are already aware of his involvement in the assassination attempt on Director Delacour," Harry replied, earning a glare from the short, balding man. There was a dangerous gleam in his eyes, which spoke of the combat he'd seen as an auror, but he'd also clearly been behind a desk for decades and had been softened by it. Harry couldn't quite compare him to Fudge outright, but he'd already decided that the man had too many similarities to the former minister to be worth much.

"And the Delacours will undoubtedly inform the local press there," Amelia added. "If we even attempt to lean on the Prophet to keep quiet about this, we'll look like fools at best. I know this is going to be unpleasant for Magical Ireland as a whole and…"

"Unpleasant?" Fergus asked incredulously. "Diarmid Lynch is one of our most famous wizards, our answer to Nicholas Flamel or Albus here. His family, oddballs though they've always seemed, have been a symbol of what we Irish can do when we let our creativity and penchant for innovation take hold, and now we're going to be told that, not only has there only ever been one of the bastards, but he's as dark as You-Know-Who ever was? That's not even counting how badly every pampered noble prick in the Isles is going to shit himself when he learns that he's never actually been able to trust his house elves."

"The timing could be better too," Rufus muttered. "The attack on Hogwarts is still fresh in everyone's minds, and another major story like this couldn't come at a worse moment, but there's nothing we can do about it other than carry on. Potter, do you have any idea where Liam Lynch might have gone? You've been investigating the family for a while now, I take it?"

"Not that long, and I have no idea," Harry replied. "Our only contact to him was Deirdre McAllen, and he murdered her."

"Fucking hell," Fergus muttered, looking like he wanted to find a nice hole with which to do his best ostrich impression just then.

"I might be of some help there," Dumbledore said. "I had been suspicious of Declan Lynch for quite some time now, though I never dreamed that things might turn out to be nearly as dark as this. I have a list of places he visited from the sixties onward, and it's entirely possible, I would argue even probable, that he has safehouses in at least some of the locations."

"He certainly had one in Compiegne," Harry added. "My friends and I cleared it out while investigating Sebastian's attempted murder."

"I imagine the French aurors are going to want a word with you too, Mister Potter," Amelia said. "I must say, when Albus said you wanted to speak to me about a criminal matter, I didn't think for a moment you weren't talking about the assault on Hogwarts."

"I can give you my testimony about that as well, while we're here," Harry offered as he reached out to Rias mentally. "How goes the cleanup?"

"We've cleared out the tower and are just looking around the cave now," Rias replied. "There's something about this apparatus that feels off to me."

"Rufus, assign someone to take his statement," Amelia said. "Mister Potter, you are to be commended for bringing such a vast criminal conspiracy to our attention, but you should have come to us before ever attempting to confront such a dangerous individual on your own."

"With all due respect, Minister, I had every reason to think that I could hold my own against Lynch, having bested Voldemort," Harry replied, smiling approvingly when she barely flinched at the name, "and moreover, while I have no reason to doubt your competence, I didn't know that Fudge had been removed, and I think we can all agree that trying to take this to you while he was still in charge would have likely gone poorly. He'd have tried to shut down the investigation at best and forewarned Lynch at worst. This is a man who once threw a guy in Azkaban for no reason, with no trial, just to look like he was doing something during the Chamber incident and put dementors in…"

"Cornelius' mistakes were many, and on behalf of the ministry, I do apologize for them, but if you ever come across a criminal matter in the British Isles again, you are to bring it to the aurors," Amelia said flatly.

"As you wish, ma'am," Harry replied. "Of course, it's unlikely that I will at all, given that I have moved to Japan. I didn't expect to return so soon at all."

"Albus, do you mind if I just send Kingsley over to speak to Potter here?" Rufus asked. "His presence in the ministry would cause a stir at this point."

"By all means," Dumbledore nodded. "It's not like his statement will take long to record."

"Right," Rufus nodded. "Fergus, we need to scramble as many aurors as we can to descend on Inchmore with."

"Right," the older man sighed, shaking his head. "Potter, on behalf of my entire country, I'd like to apologize for this."

"It's the French ministry that will need to hear that most," Harry replied. "I just took on a mad prick, and it's not like he was the first."

"Right," Fergus winced, remembering again that this was a very international incident.

He followed Amelia and Rufus out, leaving Harry alone with the headmaster, who sat back in his chair and sighed.

"I didn't realize that Magical Ireland was entirely part of Magical Britain," he admitted, and Dumbledore chuckled.

"The history between the magical populations of the islands isn't nearly as unpleasant as that of their muggle counterparts," the older man explained, "and without the religious divide among the purebloods, the idea of dividing ourselves never occurred to them. It's been a bit of a shock for more than a few Irish muggleborns over the decades."

"I can imagine," Harry nodded before sitting back in his seat. "Sorry for going silent there; the minister wanted to chew me out for not going to aurors."

"If they try to make trouble for you, I'll lean on Lady Serafall to end it," Rias promised, and he shivered at the thought of Serafall acting in a diplomatic capacity.

"They both made it clear that there'll be no charges here," Harry replied. "If they knew we'd killed the guy, that might change, but honestly, I doubt it. What's weird about the elf-production apparatus, other than the whole 'living sacrifices' thing?"

"There's a great power coming from them," Rias replied. "Akeno's sure she can sense multiple sources of it buried either within the vats or under them, but I'm not sure. At any rate, we have the armoire from Diarmid's room in the Rookery, so we'll be able to return here as needed to investigate. The Inchmore elves are there too and asking about Hermione."

"That's..weird," Harry replied.

"It probably is just that she gave them their first order after their connection to Diarmid was cut," Rias replied, and he could practically hear her shrug across their connection.

"Albus?" a new voice asked as a flash of green fire erupted from the floo. Harry looked and saw Kingsley appear, looking distinctly amused.

"Ah, Kingsley, it's good to see you again," Albus smiled. "You two met back at Christmas, right?"

"That's correct," Kingsley nodded. "Mister Potter, like the rest of us, I owe you my thanks for putting down that monster. We just need a formal statement from you about what happened the day of the attack, like what you gave after your fight with Barty Crouch Junior last year, and that will be the end of it."

"Well, it all started when my friends and I came across a masked Death Eater in the school on our way to the Great Hall for the feast," Harry began.

*****

"This is...quite the haul," Venelana marveled as she looked around the large room filled with various pieces of furniture and treasures plundered from Lynch's tower. "You're making a habit of this."

"It isn't one I'll be keeping up," Rias replied. "I've just always figured that, if you bring an enemy down in their own home, why shouldn't you loot the place afterward?"

"I raised you well," Venelana chuckled, kissing her cheek. "Some of this is really high-quality."

"I suspect much of it is," Rias replied. "I need to actually go through the things I've stored here over the past couple months. The various things we took from the Room of Requirement, the plunder from the safe houses in France, and now this?"

"I was going to say something," Venelana murmured, opening an enchanted chest and whistling when she saw the contents. "A chest full of whiskey bottles? These don't look cheap either."

"If it's anything like what he gave us each a glass of, it isn't," Rias replied, pulling out one of the unopened bottles. "Midleton...thirty years? This is even older than the Redbreast he gave us."

"And likely more expensive," Venelana said, taking it from her and smiling. "I don't suppose there might be a jewelry collection in here?"

"He was a four-hundred-year-old widower whose first marriage ended so poorly he started impregnating and, once the babies were developed enough to be removed, murdering women to have his heirs without having to speak to them again," Rias replied.

"So, no jewelry," Venelana sighed. "At least he had good taste in liquor. What in the world is that thing Hermione brought in?"

"An elf, so what they were originally," Rias replied. "I'll need to get a copy of Diarmid's grimoire from our library to see what exactly he did to change them, but it would seem that they were greatly altered by him before he started selling them."

"As your father told Hermione when she asked, the original batch was apparently quite annoying," Venelana replied. "I remember hearing a couple things about them back in the day, but it was so long ago; that's all I really recall."

"Speaking of the grimoire, I need to speak to Harry for a moment," Rias said. "You should probably go straight to Reinhardt and get your deal over with when you're done with the aurors."

"Way ahead of you, love," Harry replied. "I'm just finishing with my statement now, and I'll take a quick trip to Germany before stopping by the castle."

"You might want to stop by the Delacour Chateau first," Rias replied. "They've already gone back, and, given that they know everything now, they will want to speak to you."

"Okay," Harry replied. "I'll see you when I can."

"See you then," Rias smiled, feeling him pull back.

"Ah, to be young again," Venelana chuckled, smirking when she saw an excited-looking Zeoticus walk by. "Darling, come see what Rias managed to take from that dreadful human."

"Midleton thirty?" Zeoticus asked, taking the bottle from her and smiling. "I was gifted a bottle of this as part of a contract earlier this year. It's incredible."

"Well, I'll have to open it soon," Rias replied. "You seem excited."

"The other factories are well on their way," Zeoticus grinned. "By this time next week, we'll be cranking out scores of automatons an hour. The stock that I already have should be sufficient to demonstrate their viability as an elf replacement. You know, I never expected to start making anything of them so quickly."

"Well, when opportunity knocks," Rias replied. "We've created a crisis, and people throughout the magical community will soon be begging for a solution."

"One we can supply and profit substantially from," Zeoticus chuckled. "Where's Hermione? This was her idea, and I do want to say how impressed I am by her initiative."

"She's probably still tending to that odd-looking elf she brought in," Venelana sighed. "She's a bright girl, but her heart is a tad soft for the Underworld."

"She's also been a devil for not quite a month, Mother," Rias replied. "She'll grow and develop as I train her. I should let her know that Harry's almost finished with the authorities, if you want to tag along, Father."

"We both may as well," Venelana shrugged, following her daughter from the treasure room to the guest wing of the castle.

"...in relatively good health," they heard Heinrich say as they approached. "I have no reason at this time to think that he needs anything more than rest."

"I hope so," Hermione replied. "I have so many questions for him about where he and the other original elves came from and how exactly Diarmid…"

"Not an elf," the creature hissed, opening his yellow eyes slowly and glaring balefully around the room. "Where am I?"

"You're in Castle Gremory, in the Underworld," Luna replied. "I'm Luna, and this is Hermione. She's the one who carried you here from Inchmore."

"Hmm, I sense great darkness in all of you," the odd elf grinned, sitting up. "I do hope that wretched wizard's end was brutal."

"He was beaten and stabbed to death by the other e...you say that you're not elves?" Rias asked.

"Bah!" the creature scoffed. "Of course we're not elves. Do we look like fairy-worshiping, nature-obsessed, poetry-loving sadsacks to you? Where are the others?"

"We left them back in Japan," Hermione replied. "Would you like me to bring them here?"

"Try calling them over," the creature replied, eyeing her curiously. "I sense a connection with you."

"Um, okay," Hermione replied. "Elves, or whatever you are. Come here."

"Mistress calls us?" one of them asked as they appeared before her.

"Hah! I knew it!" the creature exclaimed triumphantly. "You took command of the minions after that wizard's hold on us was broken."

"The what now?" Hermione asked.

"Minions, Dark One," the creature chuckled. "I am Gnarl, the minion master, and you, I suspect, are our new evil Overlady. Once we've found the minion hives, gathered the others, and fixed the disgusting things that that wretched wizard did to them, we will sweep across the land, laying waste to your enemies and conquering all you survey in your dark name."

"What?!" Hermione exclaimed, jumping back in shock as Gnarl got out of bed and examined the elves more closely.

"Gah, what a revolting transformation!" he spat. "Kind, helpful, and subservient to whoever commands them. This is almost as bad as that dream I had once about a shiny, golden force that swept over the land, turning all it came into contact with into cuddly creatures of wholesome goodness. Not quite that bad, though."

"I...I don't want to be your overlady," Hermione spluttered.

"You don't?" Gnarl asked.

"I just wanted to free you all from your enslavement," Hermione insisted. "What Diarmid did to you, half of which I still don't understand, was wrong in the extreme, and I want to give you all a chance to live your lives as you choose."

"Mistress?" one of the minions asked, looking up at Hermione in confusion.

"Well, that doesn't seem very evil, I will admit," Gnarl said, moving in closer to her and sniffing. "You do smell quite evil, though."

"We're all devils," Rias replied. "Hermione here was human not long ago, but I made her into one."

"Ah, that explains it," Gnarl nodded. "Well, if you aren't a champion of evil eager to use the minion armies to bring your foes down and conquer all that you survey, I suppose we'll have to look further afield."

"I must point out that you do have enemies still, girl, and will make more down the line, surely," Venelana said, giving Hermione a pointed look.

"Enemies, you say?" Gnarl asked, smirking up at Hermione, who was still staring down at him in wide-eyed shock. "Still, that alone does not make one worthy of the title of Overlord, or Overlady in this instance. To be a true master of evil, you need a certain drive, a desire for conquest that cannot be easily sated. I took from how you helped bring down that wizard and commanded the minions to murder him afterward that you might be such a being, but if we're forced to look elsewhere…"

"Wait a moment, I…" Hermione went to say.

"It's probably for the best," Gnarl sighed. "It's not like you live in a dark tower or anything."

"But we do live in a dark tower," Luna replied, not noticing how Hermione was mouthing the words 'no, don't' to her.

"Lives in a dark tower, dispatches her foes with extreme prejudice and violence, and is an actual creature of sin?" Gnarl asked, grinning up at Hermione, who quickly found herself surrounded by grinning house-elves. "Sounds like Overlady material to me."

"Overlady! Overlady! Hail the mistress!" they all chanted together, jumping up and down around her as she buried her head in her hands.

"I just wanted to help you all," Hermione lamented, earning a throaty chuckle from Gnarl.

"Well, they say that the road to hell is paved with good intentions," he chuckled. "I've never put much stock in that particular saying myself, but it does seem to be precisely where you've led us. Well done, Dark One."

"How do we undo what Diarmid did to the others?" Luna asked as Hermione sat down.

"If I had a sufficiently large stick, there is one thing I could try," Gnarl replied, and Luna conjured a stick before handing it to him, only to wince as he bonked one of the house-elves right on the head with it.

"Pull yourself together!" Gnarl shouted. "I can already feel the wizard's magic weakening in you."

They all watched in shock as the house-elf, rubbing his sore head, transformed before their eyes, his skin going from beige to light brown, his hands and feet developing claws, his ears becoming less droopy, and his eyes going from blue to yellow, with the sclera turning the same shade eventually as well. When he smiled up at Hermione, it wasn't the gentle, kind smile that she'd come to associate with house-elves, but something malevolent, not aided by the sharp teeth he'd developed.

"Ah, a brown minion!" Gnarl smiled. "Line up, you sorry lot! It looks like you're all going to need a turn with the fix-it stick."

"What the hell have I done?" Hermione asked, watching as Gnarl continued to bonk each of the elves on the head. "I wanted to free slaves…"

"And you did," Zeoticus smiled, "getting yourself an army of evil minions in the process. There's nothing wrong with...don't you pee there!"

As she watched her husband zap the minion who had tried to pee in the corner of the room with a low-powered bolt of lightning, Venelana muttered, "We should probably relegate them to one of the empty manors on the Gremory territory for the time being."

"Hermione, it seems like this would have happened when we took out Diarmid either way," Rias said, resting a hand on her shoulder.

"It also sounds like the other not-elves might turn back into these adorable little gremlins on their own eventually too," Luna added, watching in amusement as a pair of them started wrestling in front of her.

"They will, though not as quickly as they will with a good hard whack to the head," Gnarl said, finishing up with the last of them. "This lot were all browns, Dark One. They're your front-line troops, the most durable of all minions, and the most versatile in combat. Show your Overlady what you can do!"

Hermione watched as they paired off and started fighting viciously, shaking her head at the display.

"You said something about hives?" Venelana asked, watching the minions fight with clear interest.

"Yes," Gnarl replied. "Typically, after an overlord was defeated, or eaten, or brought down by some far rarer means, the minions would scatter and set their hives up in areas most suited to them. In this case, though, we found ourselves taken in almost immediately by the one who destroyed our old master, only for him to tire of us within the day and shove us in that cave we got stuck in. There we slept until we were finally freed by the wizard, though that freedom came at a far greater cost."

"When you say destroyed, how exactly do you mean?" Venelana asked, eyeing him curiously.

"Our former master had been lord of his domain for less than a year when this dark-haired, bearded man with glowing purple eyes appeared, holding a giant red dragon scale in his right hand," Gnarl replied. "Sensing his power and thinking him a threat, the Overlord ordered the minions to attack, though before our reds could toss so much as a single ember at him, he'd sent an orb of crimson energy right at him. Destroyed him in one hit. It was actually quite impressive."

"So you came from another world?" Rias asked. "The man, I'm assuming a Bael, must have found one of the apocalypse dragon's scales. We read an account of someone else who was teleported to another world by one of them."

"Whatever it was, it brought him to our world and when we swore ourselves to him, wanting to serve such a powerful, palpably evil being, he used it to return, though only after he'd shoved us and our hives into an enchanted chest," Gnarl replied. "Alas, one of the reds set fire to a tapestry he'd quite liked just as he was coming to realize how potent the stench of the greens is, and he decided he'd made a terrible mistake, short-sighted fool."

"I wonder if that was Lord Zekram himself or one of my other ancestors," Venelana thought to herself, deciding to investigate the matter. "I want to make it perfectly clear that if you destroy anything in the home I send you to, my punishment will make that other devil's look pleasant."

"Noted...whoever you are," Gnarl replied.

"This is Lady Venelana Gremory," Hermione replied, figuring that if she was stuck having the not-elves serve her, she may as well take responsibility. "She's Rias's mother, Rias being my...do we gender the title, because calling you my mistress…"

"This beauty is your mistress, Ma'am?" Gnarl asked, looking Rias up and down approvingly. "Very nice work."

"No, I…" Hermione went to say as Rias chuckled.

"Well, I suppose I am your mistress too," she purred, wrapping her arms around Hermione from behind and kissing her temple.

"Grayfia?" Venelana called, and the maid appeared immediately.

"Yes, my La...what the hell are these?" Grayfia asked, looking at the still-sparring minions with concern and bafflement.

"Hermione's minions," Zeoticus asked, sounding amused.

"She has minions now?" Grayfia asked, looking at the brunette, who just sighed.

"Apparently," Hermione replied through gritted teeth.

"Escort them to the cottage you and Sirzechs stayed in after your wedding," Venelana commanded, "and make it clear to them what you'll do if they break anything."

Grayfia put her fist through the stone wall, and all the minions stopped what they were doing and stared up at her in awe.

"I don't suppose this one is your mistress too by chance?" Gnarl asked quietly, and Hermione froze.

"No," she said quickly, wilting under Grayfia's stone-cold stare as she repaired the wall with a wave of her hand. "Follow Grayfia and stay where she puts you until I call. Don't break anything."

"Want to smash things, though," one of the minions whined, only to freeze when she glared at him.

"I'm sure there will be plenty of things to smash later," Gnarl chuckled. "An Overlord, or Overlady never lacks for enemies, after all."

"Maybe if I threw them at Rizevim Lucifer, he'd die laughing," Hermione thought to herself. "So, what exactly is going to happen to the other ones we called house-elves?"

"Ugh, such a disgusting term," Gnarl shuddered. "They will, in the coming weeks, lose the ability to cast spells as they could, since they are no longer directly tied to that wizard, and will revert to their original, less friendly personalities. I don't know if they will physically transform without some degree of violence to push them into it, but that's possible as well. One thing that I can say for sure, Dark One, is that their compulsion to obey their supposed masters will wither rather quickly."

"So in the end, I did free them," Hermione thought to herself. "I just bound them to me instead of letting them go properly free."

"These hives you mentioned, could they be back in the cave where we found you?" Rias asked.

"Quite likely," Gnarl nodded. "I hope my old lantern is too. I went to a great deal of trouble to trap the fairy that lit it inside the crystal."

Hermione pinched the bridge of her nose at that.

*****

"Well, a deal's a deal," Harry murmured as he gazed at Reinhardt's home, Diarmid's grimoire securely in his mokeskin pouch.

He walked towards the door, knowing that he very likely wouldn't need to knock, and chuckled to himself when the door swung open at his approach.

"Reinhardt?" he called out.

"Please have a seat, Herr Potter," Reinhardt's voice echoed through the room. "I'm just repairing something at ze moment."

"I guess you don't exactly have elves for that," Harry murmured to himself, recalling that the man had never bothered with them.

He made his way inside and sat down in the sitting room, snorting when a couple steins started floating through the air of the kitchen towards the keg the German wizard kept permanently filled with his own brew and were quickly filled before flying out towards him. Grabbing one, he set the other down on a cork coaster and had a drink, realizing only as the golden liquid descended down his throat how much he honestly needed it.

He hadn't had a chance to feel relieved after beating Voldemort, since that had immediately been followed by his nearly botched devil transformation and then learning about Rizevim and his mother. In this case, though, he could fully relish his victory over Diarmid and the fact that he'd helped save Fleur's father from dying. He took another swig just as Reinhardt appeared, dressed as he always was in his simple black robes, and slumped down in front of his beer.

"An experiment gone wrong?" Harry asked and Reinhardt shook his head.

"Nein, Herr Potter," the ancient wizard replied. "I just had a little maintenance to take care of. Can I understand from your presence zat you managed to track down ze von who tried to kill your friend's father?"

"I don't recall saying what my connection to Sebastian Delacour is," Harry commented, and the man laughed.

"I know of him, vhich means I know who und vhat he's married to, vhich means I know vhat he has for daughters," Reinhardt explained. "Given zat I am fairly sure you are sleeping vith every girl you brought here, it stands to reason zat your little harem might be somewhat more extensive zan zat und zat you left ze Delacour girl behind zinking zat her fiery blood might boil at being in ze room vith vhat vas a suspect at ze time."

"Fair enough," Harry muttered, "and yes, we did manage to track down the person responsible and bring them down."

"Did you really?" Reinhardt asked, sounding quite impressed. "Vell, don't keep me in suspense, young one. Given ze power zis figure displayed, und zere familiarity vith me, I can't imagine it vas not someone I knew."

"It was Declan Lynch," Harry replied, "or as he preferred to go by, Diarmid Lynch."

Given that he was going to hand the man's grimoire over to Reinhardt, he figured there was little point in keeping that particular part of the tale from him.

"He is finally dead zen?" Reinhardt asked, and Harry cocked an eyebrow.

"You did know him them," he sighed. "Another of your projects?"

"Oh no," Reinhardt chuckled. "Ze man vas far too insistent on his independence to ever reach out for my aid. Ve did meet a few times zough to exchange magical ideas, und I found him fascinating enough, zough he vas admittedly strange even by my standards. I hadn't seen him since he vent by Keiran back in ze early nineteenth century or else I might have recognized his handwriting. I knew it looked vaguely familiar."

"Well, at any rate, he's dead, Sebastian's saved, and I brought you this," Harry replied, pulling the dead man's grimoire from his mokeskin pouch.

"Ah, Herr Potter," Reinhardt chuckled. "When I made my deal with you, I figured I would be getting a substantial magical vork out of it, but I didn't expect something quite like zis."

"His greatest secrets won't be of much use to you, I'm afraid," Harry replied, handing it over. When the German man cocked an eyebrow at him, he said, "It's not as though his particular form of immortality would hold much relevance for you, since you already have a horcrux, and the elves were something he made from a source he found at random."

"True, but I suspect zere vill be far greater secrets in here beyond zose vons zan you imagine," Reinhardt smiled, feeling the smooth leather of the cover.

"I'll be sure to look over my copy of it just in case," Harry thought to himself, downing more of the beer.

"If you ever find yourself needing further assistance, I vill be happy to make further deals," Reinhardt smiled. "After all, zis partnership turned out vell for…"

A loud ringing sound rang through the entire house and Reinhardt froze, looking momentarily frightened before schooling his features.

"Alas, I must cut zis short," he said. "Zat maintenance I vas doing just reached a critical phase."

"I'll leave you to it then," Harry replied. "Farewell."

"Farewell," Reinhardt replied, watching the young devil disappear in a ritual circle before apparating down into the lowest level of his tower and shivering as he felt the presence that awaited him. His eyes could not see, but one didn't need sight to sense a power like that of Rizevim Livan Lucifer. Genuflecting, he breathed, "Your Majesty."

"We are not accustomed to waiting for our servants," Rizevim said peevishly, glaring down at him within the summoning circle he'd been setting up and filling with his blood when Harry arrived.

"My apologies, your Majesty," Reinhardt replied. "I needed to shoo a guest who showed up to conclude a deal vith me just as I finished setting up ze circle. I bring news."

"We did not think you'd have the nerve to summon us for nothing, human," Rizevim replied. "What is it?"

"Harry Potter managed to save Sebastian Delacour's life," Reinhardt replied and the ancient devil let out a growl.

"You assured us when we reached out to you seeking information about the boy that this plot you had uncovered would deprive his Veela pet's father of life," Rizevim hissed.

"He proved to be more...competent zan expected, but ze plot I mentioned still did all zat you required," Reinhardt replied. "I know ze curse zat vas used in zis case vell, und it progressed to it's penultimate phase before Potter ended it. Delacour suffered permanent damage from it, I assure you, und given ze severity of it by ze end, I vould vager my life zat his sex drive has been extinguished."

"You are, we assure you," Rizevim muttered, licking his thumb and smoothing one of his silver brows with it. "Still, if this is true, then it suits our purposes well. As a Veela, the human's wife needs sex to stay sane, and with her husband unable to sate her hunger, she will need to turn to another."

"Und who better zan her daughter's devil boyfriend?" Reinhardt chuckled, figuring from what little the heir to the Lightbringer's throne had said that that was what he wanted. He seldom put that much thought into why the people he associated with wanted what they did, preferring to just help them along and then watch the fireworks, and that was doubly true of celestial beings.

Rizevim smoothed his other eyebrow and stared down at Reinhardt contemplatively, clearly weighing whether or not to do something. After a moment he said, "If you breathe a word of what we are about to tell you to anyone, we will tear your very soul apart even if we need to blow up the moon to do it."

Reinhardt froze at that and stared up at the ancient devil, his milky eyes trained on him despite how little he could truly see.

"I did not live as long as I have by making a habit of betraying ze trust of being such as you, your Majesty," he said, and Rizevim laughed.

"We suppose you have lived a while, have you?" he murmured. "You lot are generally like goldfish. It is important to our plans, for reasons you don't need to know, that Potter become...close to the Veela race as a whole. Eventually, we wish for him to become their shared plaything."

"You think he'll survive that for more than a week?" Reinhardt asked incredulously. "How?"

"We are not in the habit of revealing our brilliance to lesser beings," Rizevim glared. "Suffice it to say that he is important, one of the most important pieces on the board presently, and we want him watched carefully. Lean on your network of contacts and keep an eye on him, reporting any news you uncover to our second in command, Euclid Lucifuge. Pay special attention to anything you come across regarding him and other Veela."

"Your will be done," Reinhardt nodded, and the ancient devil vanished, leaving him alone and perplexed. Standing up, he vanished the summoning circle and sat down on his bed, murmuring, "You've turned out to be even more interesting zan I knew, Herr Potter."

Chuckling to himself, he stood up and walked up to his study, eager to start looking through Diarmid's grimoire.

"You shouldn't have stolen from me, old friend," he murmured to himself as he cracked open the book and cast a spell to have the words be read aloud to him. "I'd have shared the secrets to cloning with you if you'd made a deal, but theft…"

Sighing at the other dark wizard's foolish greed, he sat back and listened to the grimoire, putting all thoughts of the conversation he'd just had out of his mind for the moment.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Nov 26, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:JTWO, Brawlingbard, Markuz Black and 223 others
voivode_writer
Nov 25, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 43 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Dec 9, 2025
Add bookmark
#907
The moment Harry was outside of Reinhardt's wardline, he teleported over to France, wanting to check on Fleur. Delacour Manor looked to be in one piece, and he hoped that the fight with Bernadette didn't cause too much damage to either it or the family. He passed through the wards, feeling the familiar ping of magic assessing him, and smiled as it relaxed noticeably a moment later. Walking towards the door, he rang the bell and a moment later it opened, revealing Fleur, who jumped into his arms.

"He's cured!" she exclaimed, kissing him hungrily, and he returned the kiss with equal passion, forgetting for a moment where he was, until Apolline cleared her throat and reminded him.

"Ah, sorry about that," Harry chuckled, and she laughed.

"Never apologize to a Veela for expressing passion, 'Arry," Apolline said, sounding conflicted. "Please, come inside. We all wish to speak with you."

"How's he doing?" Harry asked, taking Fleur's hand as she led him in.

"Recovering," Sebastian replied tiredly, standing in the anteroom of the manor.

"The curse progressed more than I would have liked before we managed to stop it," Harry thought to himself as he looked at the older man and noticed just how gaunt his face was and how tired he looked. "Still, we stopped it before it killed him. Now we just have to hope that the healers can undo the damage it caused."

"I.." Harry went to say when a little blonde missile interrupted him by jumping into his arms.

"'Arry!" Gabrielle exclaimed. "My 'ero. You saved Papa just as I knew you would!"

Harry went to reply and put the clingy little Veela down when she kissed him right on the lips, shocking him into stunned silence.

"Gabrielle!" Fleur hissed, grabbing her robe by the back and yanking her off of Harry, making her squeak.

Harry watched her hold her sister, looking like she was holding a troublesome pet by the scruff of her neck, and would have laughed at the sight if he wasn't still stunned by her brazenness.

"Fleur!" Gabrielle whined, struggling uselessly in her sister's iron grasp.

"I take it enhanced strength is a perk of devilry too," Apolline said coolly, and Harry's eyes widened. Grabbing her younger daughter's hand, she said in French, "Gabrielle, come with me. We are going to have a little chat about what is and isn't appropriate behavior with guests."

"I just wanted to thank him!" Gabrielle insisted as Fleur let her go and watched their mother drag her off into the next room.

"You know, then," Harry said, and Sebastian sighed.

"Everything, if I'm not mistaken," he replied. "I'm too tired for that particular conversation just now, but I would like your briefing on the matter of the Lynch family. I heard from Elodie that the English and Irish aurors already moved against his tower."

"An unusual level of competence from the British Ministry," Harry said dryly. "Bones must have been an even greater influence on them than I expected."

"He had fled already, clearing out his tower and escaping into the night," Sebastian sighed.

"His power over the elves is broken, and without that he's still a threat, but not nearly as grave a one," Harry replied. "I'm confident he'll turn up soon and will happily aid in your security in the meantime."

"I appreciate that," Sebastian sighed. "I should have taken you up on your offer when you first told me how you came to be so powerful."

"You should have," Fleur scowled. "All we wanted to do was help save you."

"You were worried for your daughter," Harry said. "I can't blame you for that. On the subject of elves, how is Bernadette doing?"

"Strange," Sebastian replied. "She seems normal for the most part and doesn't appear to remember anything, but she seems to have developed an odd fixation on fire."

"Fire?" Harry asked.

"I've seen her just staring at lit candles multiple times since we returned," Sebastian replied. "Could it be an aftereffect of severing the connection to Diarmid Lynch?"

"I have no idea," Harry replied. "I haven't been back home yet. I needed to speak with the authorities in Britain and then went to make a delivery. I'll check with Dobby and Kreacher and see if they're experiencing anything unusual."

"Thank you," Sebastian nodded, "and thank you for the part you played in saving my life. I'll admit that I've had my doubts about your relationship with Fleur, first because you were younger than her, and then because of the devil connections, and I'm still a little concerned about the fact that there are other women in this…"

"Women who are my girlfriends as much as they're his," Fleur cut him off, and Sebastian chuckled.

"I do trust that you love her, though, and you're clearly both powerful enough to take care of the other," Sebastian concluded. "Now, as much as I hate being such a bad host, I think I'm going to lie down."

"By all means, Papa, get some rest," Fleur breathed, watching him walk stiffly towards the stairs. As he disappeared up them, she turned and whispered, "How long do you think it will take him to recover from the effects of the curse?"

"I have no idea," Harry sighed. "I know a lot more about magic that can cause harm than magic that can heal it. In truth, I'm realizing that there are more gaps in my knowledge than I thought."

"What do you mean?" Fleur asked.

"Voldemort was incredibly knowledgeable, and compared to how little I knew about magic when I started learning from the soul shard, he seemed to know practically everything," Harry sighed. "I got used to thinking that I'd have an answer for every problem that I came across, and that made me arrogant. I should have at least considered the possibility that Diarmid Lynch had been possessing his descendants, but…"

"Would knowing that sooner have helped?" Fleur asked.

"It would have let us go into Inchmore knowing for sure that we were dealing with an enemy," Harry replied. "We got out unscathed, but the fact that half of us thought Liam might be an innocent we could reason with could have ended in disaster."

"Well, we'll be spending most of our time soon enough dealing with the devils and their world going forward ,and you know that you aren't overly knowledgeable there, so that arrogance, as you put it, shouldn't be a problem there," Fleur replied, hugging him tightly and kissing him again.

"By the way, why did your sister try to make out with me?" Harry asked as he broke the kiss, and she scowled.

"Because she's a little brat," Fleur muttered. "I told her that we'd reassess things when she was older…"

"Wait, what?" Harry asked, and she chuckled.

"You saved her from the lake, 'Arry," Fleur grinned. "You are also tall, handsome, and so very powerful. You're like catnip to a Veela and that particular one has more reason than most to want you. I'm not so cruel as to deny her, but the little harpy is going to have to learn the meaning of patience if she doesn't want me to change my mind."

"You're actually willing to share me with her?" Harry asked.

"I'm sharing you with four other women already, and I'm fairly sure Koneko's going to join our fun soon enough," Fleur grinned. "The little catgirl smells like she's in heat every time she looks at you. Why would Gabrielle be a dealbreaker for me?"

"I really am a lucky man," Harry chuckled.

"Not as lucky as you're going to be tonight, mon amour," Fleur purred, taking his hand and pressing it between her legs. "Feel how hot I am, 'Arry. Without you, my papa would not have stood a chance. You took charge from the start, gave me hope, kept me sane throughout this entire nightmare, and helped me save him."

"Fleur," Harry groaned as she cupped his rock-hard cock through his pants.

Leaning in, she whispered, "You deserve a reward, 'Arry, the sort that will include all of my holes. In fact, I think we can cross one off of the list here and now."

"Here?!" Harry asked, and she grinned.

"Well, not this very spot," Fleur amended, taking his hand. "I didn't get a chance to show you my old bedroom when you were here before. Come."

Harry grinned as she led him upstairs, hoping that Apolline would take a while speaking to Gabrielle. They passed one bedroom that he assumed belonged to the younger Veela, and Fleur quickly let them into the next one, closing the door behind them.

It looked much like her quarters in the carriage had, the walls being a light blue with silver trim around the edges. Her old bed looked large and comfortable, though it seemed she'd taken everything else with her. As he looked up at the ceiling, he smiled, figuring that the enchanted scene of unicorns frolicking through a verdant forest had been painted when she was a young girl.

"You're the only man I've ever brought here," Fleur whispered in his ear, licking around the shell. "No one else ever seemed worthy."

"What about women?" Harry asked, and she grinned.

"What do you want to hear, 'Arry?" Fleur asked, her voice light and breathy. "Do you want me to tell about all the times I brought my old girlfriends over so I could devour their tight little cunts and ride their beautiful faces until I screamed?"

"Yes," Harry gasped, and she laughed.

"It's not as exciting as all that," Fleur replied. "When I wanted my needs to be seen to, I usually went to the home of whoever I was enjoying at the time, not wanting them to run afoul of Papa. I could tell you a couple old stories from when I was very young, but I can think of far better things to do with my mouth."

"You're such a wicked little thing," Harry hissed as she sank to her knees and started fiddling with his belt.

"Well, I am a devil now," Fleur chuckled.

"About that, how did your conversation with your parents about devilry go?" Harry asked.

"I'm sure I'll hear more from them about it when they're no longer in shock over Lynch's attacks on us," Fleur replied as she freed his cock from its confines. "I had to tell them eventually."

"Fuck, Fleur," Harry groaned as she started swirling her tongue around his sensitive glans.

"Later, my love," Fleur smiled.

She wrapped her pouty lips around his head, and he hissed in pleasure, his fingers sinking into her silky silver locks.

"Fleur, I...oh my!" Apolline exclaimed as he walked in, and Harry froze, watching her eyes go wide as she looked at them.

"Mrs. Delacour, I…" Harry went to say when Fleur let his cock slip from her lips with an audible pop.

"Maman, could you give me a couple minutes?" she asked. "We're in the middle of something."

"Mon Dieu," Apolline breathed, her unblinking gaze falling on his rock-hard shaft and not moving the slightest bit even as both of them winced.

"Impressive, no?" Fleur smirked. "I told you he was hung like a horse."

Apolline just stared for a moment, her blue eyes darkening rapidly with lust, and as she looked away, she appeared to need to force herself to do so.

"I would speak with you both when you're done," she rushed out before closing the door.

"Fleur," Harry breathed, only to gasp when she took him back into her hot little mouth.

"Remember that Veela are not human, mon amour," she said across the mental link they hadn't undone yet as she bobbed her head up and down, taking more and more of him as she tried her best to suck his soul out of his cock. "I did not plan that, but having Maman see what a perfect specimen you are will actually go a long way towards getting her to accept what I've done."

"Seriously?" Harry groaned, his eyes nearly crossing when she swallowed him into her tight throat and buried her nose in his pubic hair.

She didn't reply, too focused on what she was doing to bother, though clear amusement did flash across her eyes. Fleur had sucked his cock countless times since they started seeing each other, but he didn't know if she'd ever done so quite as enthusiastically as she was then. Harry held back for a while, wanting to enjoy the sublime pleasure of her ministrations for a little longer but not wanting to keep her mother waiting, he quickly let go with a groan of her name, filling her mouth with rope after thick rope of his cum.

"Delicious," she practically purred across their link as she swallowed every drop.

"And your people refuse to believe that you descend from succubi," Harry laughed, and she giggled.

"In retrospect, it was pretty obvious," Fleur admitted, wiping her lips as she he shoved his softening cock back in his boxers and pulled up his pants.

She opened the door just as he was finishing with his belt and found Apolline standing there with Gabrielle, who shivered at the sight of him before scowling at her feet.

"I'm sorry I kissed you, 'Arry," she muttered, not quite meeting his eyes. "I was just so grateful for the way you helped save Papa."

"Apology accepted," Harry chuckled, wrapping an arm around Fleur.

"May I go play out in the garden now, Maman?" Gabrielle asked, and Apolline nodded.

"Just be back inside in time for dinner," she replied, watching as her daughter ran off.

"Thank you for that," Fleur sighed, and her mother shook her head.

"Fleur, I can understand your reasons for doing as you have," Apolline said. "I would have preferred that you told me about this before you became...one of them..."

"You would have just tried to talk me out of it," Fleur muttered.

"Yes, I would have," Apolline admitted freely. "Our purported association with devils has brought our people nothing but grief over the ages and if the others were to learn what you had become…"

"Apolline, I swear that the devils aren't like what you've been told," Harry said. "Some of them are awful, yes, just like some humans and some Veela are, but there are plenty who aren't as well."

"Our lives were saved by their intervention, so I can't deny that, but even still, no one else can learn what you two have become," Apolline insisted.

"It's not something that I advertise openly," Fleur replied, "and Japan doesn't seem to have a Veela population at all, so it's not like they'd learn what I am while I'm there."

"True," Apolline sighed. "Do you two want to stay for dinner?"

"We should check in with the others," Harry replied, shaking his head, and she nodded.

"Very well," Apolline replied with a faint hint of a smile on her face. "Fleur, I do hope you'll be able to come visit often during the next few months. Your papa's recovery will apparently be quite long and grueling."

"What was the healer's prognosis?" Harry asked.

"Uncertain," Apolline sighed. "Sebastian is no longer at risk, but the curse did a great deal of damage, and they aren't certain yet how much of it will be reversible."

"We'll see if we can find anything in the Underworld that might help," Fleur said, hugging her mother. "He's safe at least."

"Yes, that he is," Apolline replied, returning the hug. As she held her daughter, she leaned in towards her ear and whispered, "Despite everything, you've done very well for yourself."

"I know," Fleur grinned as she stepped back, looking smug.

Harry pretended not to have heard that and took her hand as he opened a magic circle around them.

"Be sure to bring 'Arry by again soon too," Apolline smiled. "I'll keep Gaby on a tight leash, I swear."

"I've always said she could use one," Fleur chuckled as they disappeared.

*****

"Wait, so they're all going to change like this?" Harry asked as Hermione and Rias finished explaining what had happened with the house-elves. Having gone straight to the Rookery, he'd noticed at once that both Dobby and Kreacher had been rather dramatically changed.

*****

"What in the...Dobby?" Harry asked, blinking in confusion as he looked down at the brown-skinned creature that seemed to vaguely resemble the elf.

"Harry Potter," Dobby murmured, looking up at him with large yellow eyes.

"Who are you?" a much older looking one asked, turning his gaze from Kreacher, who seemed to be turning blue on the ground.

"This is Harry Potter, the dark mistress' lover," Dobby explained as Hermione walked downstairs.

"There have been some...developments since you left," she said, her voice strained. "Harry, this is Gnarl, the minion master."

"Ah, a blue minion!" Gnarl grinned, watching Kreacher stand up and immediately look at Hermione.

"Command me, Mistress," he croaked and Harry just stared in shock, wondering what the hell he'd missed.

*****

"Of course they are," Gnarl said as he walked in, having finished his inspection of the tower. "All in all, Dark One, this tower is adequate for an Overlady, but improvements could be made."

"Gnarl was just telling me about this tower heart thingy that sounded really neat," Luna beamed as she padded in after him.

"Tower heart?" Hermione asked.

"A construct of raw magic that imbues the dark tower with immense energy," Gnarl replied. "The method that the first Overlord used to make it has been lost to time, but it is possible that your omnilibrary might have some information we could use. You were there when I awoke, the only man in the bunch."

"I was," Harry replied.

"And he is yours too, Ma'am?" Gnarl asked, looking at Hermione.

"Yes," Hermione replied.

"Excellent," Gnarl grinned. "I can smell the power coming off this one in waves. You're a fine addition to the Overlady's harem, Mistress Harry."

"Wouldn't that be master?" Luna asked as Harry spluttered and Hermione facepalmed.

"Yes, but that title would imply that he's the dark one's master, which he isn't," Gnarl replied. "Now, Mistress Luna here was able to show me a space in the basement that I think would be perfect for the hives once we retrieve them. If you're willing, I'd like to return to the cave you found me in, since I'm sure they're there."

"Give us a minute," Harry muttered, and Gnarl looked to Hermione, only leaving once she nodded. "So I'm your mistress am I?"

"Please don't," the brunette muttered. "I've gotten enough teasing from Akeno."

"You have to admit that you ending up the master of the not-elves after trying so hard to free them is pretty funny," Akeno chuckled, and she scowled.

"No good deed, I get it," Hermione sighed, and Rias chuckled.

"They'll be better off under your command than they were under Diarmid Lynch's," the redhead said.

"I can't deny that," Hermione said reluctantly. "Anyway, I should take him back to the cave so we can look for these hives. Where was that enchanted armoire put?"

"I moved it to my room here," Rias replied. "I'm coming with you. If the hives are hooked up to those odd vats, then you'll probably need to destroy them to get them out."

"I'll come too," Harry said. "I'm curious what these things look like. Have you decided on a strategy to gather the el...minions together?"

"I spoke with Lord Zeoticus earlier and convinced him to give Hogwarts an automaton for every elf...minion there for free," Hermione replied, and Rias cocked an eyebrow.

"Why would he agree to that?" she asked.

"It will be on the condition that Professor Dumbledore help spread the word about their usefulness," Hermione replied. "I also argued that the omnilibrary, having come from Hogwarts, more than paid for them."

"That's fair," Rias shrugged.

"Gnarl!" Hermione called out. "We're heading to the cave now."

"I would suggest bringing along some minions, Ma'am," Gnarl murmured. "The hives will be rather heavy, and I wouldn't want your magnificence being forced to carry them."

"First off, I'd carry them if I had to," Harry replied. "We can also just levitate things, though."

"Oh, right," Gnarl murmured. "I'm not used to serving someone so unusually adept at magic, at least from the start. Anyway, please lead on."

The three of them made their way to Rias' room, and she quickly opened up the odd armoire, revealing the portal within. As they stepped through it, they looked around the cave, and Harry reached out with his senses, trying to see if there was anyone above them.

"I think the aurors already left," he murmured. "I'd have expected them to at least leave someone behind in case Lynch returned."

"Maybe they did, and the aurors are just on a different part of the island at the moment, or maybe they figured he wouldn't come back," Hermione shrugged. "Either way, it's not our problem."

"They'll find him soon enough anyway," Rias grinned. "Luna cast some pretty powerful stasis charms on Diarmid's mangled remains, and they're currently being stored in a trunk in Castle Gremory."

"Once we've traded automatons for at least most of the elves, his body will be dumped somewhere where the aurors are likely to find it, and we'll wash our hands of him for good," Hermione added, and Harry chuckled.

"I like this ruthless side of you," he murmured, wrapping an arm around her waist.

"I realized some time after I killed Malfoy that none of us have the luxury of remaining naive," Hermione muttered. "When someone as terrible as Lynch threatens us, they need to be put down without hesitation."

"Indeed, Ma'am," Gnarl grinned, "and soon enough you'll have an army of evil minions happy to help you put down such threats with extreme prejudice."

"You said there were different types of them?" Harry asked.

"Yes, there are, Mistress Harry," Gnarl replied, and Harry rolled his eyes at the title.

"You can just call me Harry," he said dryly, and the aged minion just chuckled.

"I prefer to stick to formalities," Gnarl replied. "The lovers of the overlord are his mistresses, and I don't see any reason to change that just because you're a man."

"You just find it funny," Harry said.

"Yes, I do," Gnarl replied.

"Just call him Harry," Hermione commanded reluctantly, having wanted to avoid ordering them about for as long as she could, and the minion smirked.

"As you command, Dark One," Gnarl replied. "Ah, here we are. I remember first stumbling across this part of the cave like it was yesterday. That devil had stuck us in here and sealed it off so we couldn't escape. It looked quite different back then, of course."

"I take it these vats weren't here," Harry guessed.

"Neither were the stairs or platforms," Gnarl replied, scowling at the sarcophagus he'd been trapped in for centuries.

So where do you think these hives are?" Rias asked.

"My guess would be that they're under the vats," Gnarl replied as he looked through the sarcophagus, trying to see if he'd been stored with anything else. "That wretched wizard must have found a way to hook them up to them somehow, because I can't think of any other way that he might have gotten them to spawn his elf creatures otherwise."

"How exactly are minions made?" Harry asked.

"Blast, it's not here," Gnarl hissed. "They are created within the hives from harvested life force."

"That's why he had to sacrifice living creatures to make them," Rias surmised, and he nodded.

"Yes, Mistress Rias," Gnarl said. "The process you described is what makes me think that he stored the hives here. If you could destroy the vats and this sarcophagus, we might find everything we're looking for."

"That should be simple now," Rias commented, pressing her hand against one of the vats. "These things were brimming with magic before, but that's rapidly fading."

"Everything in here was tied to Lynch," Hermione said. "When you destroyed the blood he'd spilled into the system, you broke that connection, and with him now dead…"

"His magic in all of them will fade," Gnarl finished for her.

"Did he have to bleed himself regularly for this?" Hermione asked, curious.

"My guess would be that he drained his bodies before burning them," Harry replied. "That kind of ritual sacrifice could produce powerful results."

"Alright, I've managed to undo the last few enchantments on this one," Rias said as she stepped back from the vat and concentrated the Power of Destruction between her palms.

Gnarl watched with great interest as she worked, laughing in delight when she unleashed the ball of destructive energy at the vat and atomized it completely.

"You have the same powers as the one who trapped us in here," he commented.

"The Power of Destruction is something that the House of Bael is well known for," Rias replied.

"So the devil who found us was one of these Baels," Gnarl murmured, scratching his chin.

"Um, are these the hives?" Harry asked, looking down at the hole in the ground.

"Lift them up," Gnarl said, and he reached out to do so, pulling one of them.

It looked like a hive of sorts, being a vaguely conical, chitinous brown structure covered in what looked like rounded bits of amber.

"The brown hive," Gnarl grinned, sounding excited as it landed next to him. "How many more are down there?"

"One more," Harry replied, pulling a very different hive out with a wave of his hand.

This one looked like it was made of blue coral, sections of which were sticking out in every direction, making it look less like a hive than the first one. Gnarl seemed just as excited by that one as he dropped it by his feet.

"The blue hive," he said. "These ones are the healers of the bunch, capable of resurrecting freshly dead minions, provided the damage done to their bodies isn't too extreme."

"They can actually bring the dead back to life?" Hermione asked, intrigued.

"Only other minions," Gnarl replied. "A bunch of them tried to resurrect a dead Overlord many, many years before we left our old world, and that went poorly."

"How so?" Hermione asked.

"They restored him to life but managed to put the spirit of a minion in him," Gnarl shuddered. "Having a being with the power of a dark lord and the intelligence of a green minion was something too horrifying for even me to stand, and I had the reds burn him to cinders."

"The reds use fire magic then?" Harry asked.

"They're obsessed with it," Gnarl replied.

"There," Rias announced as she managed to destroy the second vat. "I think there are two more hives down here."

"Those would be the red hive and the green hive," Gnarl explained, looking at Hermione. "Your fire-starters and your assassins, respectively."

"I think I might know a red minion still trapped in the guise of an elf," Harry replied, and Gnarl cocked an eyebrow at him. "Bernadette, the Delacours' elf, has been staring at fire obsessively since we killed Lynch."

"Hmm, I'll have to meet her," Gnarl nodded, watching with a look of satisfaction as Hermione levitated two more hives out, one looking like a mutated cactus and the other like the blue hive if it had been made of lava.

As he inspected them closely, Rias destroyed the sarcophagus he'd been kept in and pulled what looked like a glowing piece of solid glass from the wreckage.

"Is this what you were looking for?" she asked, and Gnarl smiled wickedly, rushing over and taking it from her outstretched hand.

"Ah, it's still in one piece," he grinned. "I'll need to tie it to a new stick."

"So once we set these things up in the basement, what happens then?" Hermione asked.

"Then, we'll need to craft you a gauntlet of command, and from there, you'll be able to summon minions from gates wherever we manage to put them, provided you have the life force needed for them," Gnarl replied. "You will likely want to focus on freeing the already existing minions from their vile elven bindings first, though."

"I don't think there's anything else here that we haven't already taken," Rias said, and Harry nodded.

"We'll hold onto the armoire anyway just in case we ever need to return, but yeah, we've probably cleaned this place out," he replied.

"Could you come with me to meet with Professor Dumbledore?" Hermione asked. "He'll have noticed the changes in the minions already, I'm sure."

"Yeah, of course," Harry replied. "I guess we'll need to go to the Underworld first to pick up an automaton to show him."

"Do you know how many minions there are in this strangely named castle?" Gnarl asked.

"Dozens," Hermione replied, and he grinned.

Once the three of them had finished moving the hives to the Rookery and putting them in the basement, Hermione went to pick up one of the automatons, while Harry did something he hadn't needed to do yet: write to Dumbledore first.

*****

"So the bulk of their magical abilities came from their connection to Diarmid Lynch?" Dumbledore asked as he sat behind his desk.

"It seems so," Hermione sighed. "When word spreads of what Lynch could do with the elves, it's going to cause an uproar as it is, and with them about to lose their magic…"

"Wizards and witches throughout the west will be eager to rid themselves of them," Dumbledore finished for her.

"We would prefer that that not end violently, and these automatons seem like the perfect replacement," Harry said, gesturing to the squat, humanoid figure currently waiting for a command. Fawkes had landed on its head the moment they placed it there and was pecking at the armored head curiously.

"Strange that you already had a replacement ready," Dumbledore murmured, eyeing them both curiously.

"That's actually a bit of a coincidence," Hermione replied. "I had been looking for a way to free the elves for a while, hating how some of the darker families treated them, and Zeoticus Gremory, Rias' father, found instructions on how to make these things in one of the old lost texts that we retrieved from the library. I had begun to discuss the possibility of offering them as replacement servants long before we ever even suspected the Lynch family of anything."

"And they can do just about anything that the elves used to?" Dumbledore asked.

"Order him to do whatever you like," Hermione replied, and he stroked his beard.

"Make me a cup of Earl Grey tea, black," Dumbledore said, and the automaton vanished so quickly that Fawkes had to catch himself from falling.

A moment later, he reappeared, with a teacup in one hand and a teapot of boiling water with a mesh ball full of Earl Grey tea steeping within. He set them both on the old man's desk, conjuring trivets to protect the wood as he placed them down, and then stood at attention, waiting for the tea to finish steeping so he could pour it.

"Impressive," Dumbledore smiled.

"They are quite impressive," Hermione replied, "and in many ways they are superior to the elves themselves. Be it that they aren't living beings, they won't age, and they are designed to repair each other should they suffer any damage."

"They also don't have personalities, desires, or feelings," Harry added. "They exist to serve, and while they will need their runic cores replaced every decade or so, they themselves should last at least as long as their owners do."

"They also aren't tied to the will of a psychotic monster," Hermione muttered, and Dumbledore chuckled.

"It's funny to think that an actual devil is an improvement in this case," he murmured. "You realize that's something that most wizards and witches will object to."

"They don't need to know," Hermione shrugged. "We're doing this to try and give the elves a chance to live away from their masters, all of whom are going to view them suspiciously going forward and see them as largely useless when their magic fades entirely. Surely a little lie of omission is permissible in pursuit of such a noble goal."

"I won't breathe a word of it," Dumbledore replied, knowing full well that the news of what a monster Diarmid Lynch was and just what he was capable of all along was going to cause a great deal of unrest in his world. "Now, what will these cost the school?"

"Your elves and a little advertising," Hermione replied, and he cocked one of his snowy brows at her. "Given that the automatons only exist because of a book found in Hogwarts, Lord Zeoticus determined that it would be entirely appropriate for the school to be given such a generous discount."

"Hmm, so they'll be traded one for one, and all I have to do is tell everyone I meet about how useful they are," Dumbledore surmised. "Not a bad deal for either of us."

"We hoped you'd think so," Harry smiled.

"You've both grown and developed dramatically over the past few years," Dumbledore smiled, "and it warms my heart to see that, even despite the changes you've undergone, you've both retained your basic desire to do good for the world. I'll take the deal and speak openly about the effectiveness of the automatons at the next meetings of the Wizengamot and the I.C.W., though I will have to test this one out more extensively before I sign anything."

He watched as the automaton removed the mesh ball from the pot and poured him a cup before picking it up and inhaling the pleasant aroma.

"We'd expect you to want to," Harry replied. "Why don't you keep this one for today, see if you can get it to do everything that you would want of the elves, and then get back to Hermione tomorrow?"

"That seems reasonable," Dumbledore nodded. "What's your floo address?"

"The Rookery," Hermione replied. "Luna moved the tower to Japan."

Dumbledore just blinked at that for a moment before chuckling softly. "Oh, Harry, in case I don't see you again tomorrow, happy birthday."

Harry jolted at that, realizing that he hadn't paid attention to the date in what felt like weeks.

"It's the thirtieth," Hermione supplied, and he laughed.

"Man, with everything that's been going on lately, I completely forgot," Harry sighed, shaking his head.

"Luckily for you, Rias and the rest of us didn't," Hermione smiled. "We have a few things planned for tomorrow."

"Well, I'll let you two get going and floo the Rookery as soon as my tests are done," Dumbledore chuckled.

"Take care, Professor," Harry said.

"Take care, you two," Dumbledore replied.

"Goodbye," Hermione nodded.

The two of them teleported out then, happy that they'd soon be able to put the entire Lynch affair behind them.

*****

"Good morning," Fleur purred in his ear as his eyes fluttered open the next day.

Harry looked around and saw Fleur, Luna, Hermione, Rias, and Akeno all in bed with him, none of them wearing a stitch of clothing.

"Fucking hell, what time is it?" Harry asked.

"It's late," Rias replied. "We missed you last night."

"Sorry, but the second Grayfia realized that our crisis had been averted, she made it clear that my truly intensive training was about to begin," Harry groaned, sitting up. "By the time she was finished with me, I didn't have the energy to do more than just teleport back here and crawl into bed."

"I noticed," Rias pouted, "and I'd be quite cross with my sister-in-law if I didn't know why she was training you so hard."

"I still can't believe you're going to have to fight Riser in a month," Akeno scowled. "What was Sirzechs thinking?"

"He seems to think I can do it," Harry replied, "or at least, he seems to think that I can be trained to give as good as I get in the time left."

"He did say that the technology used in the ratings games will be in effect for the fight, and that he'll have a vial of phoenix tears on hand for you afterward," Rias added, "so you won't be in actual danger."

"That's something at least," Hermione muttered. "Still, making you fight for the amusement of the crowd on the day of your wedding seems insane."

"I'm sure at least part of it is so I can prove to the assembled devils that I'm worthy of Rias," Harry sighed. "If I can actually beat the prick, that will be even better."

"We'll work together to help you," Luna assured him, "but none of us really want to think about the upcoming fight right now, when there are far more fun things we could be doing. Happy birthday, Harry."

"Yes, happy birthday," Rias purred, giving him a look of raw desire. "We'd have given you your birthday orgy last night, but you were so exhausted and battered that we figured it was best to wait. Wanting you at your best, I pressed myself against you all night and used my magic to heal you."

"Sure, that was the only reason you did that," Akeno teased, and the crimson-haired beauty grinned.

Harry cast a quick breath-freshening charm on himself before snaking a hand around the back of Rias' neck and pulling her down to kiss her deeply. She moaned into his mouth as their tongues danced together, and just as he reached to cup one of her massive breasts, he groaned, feeling his cock get enveloped inside someone's warm mouth.

"You really have improved at this over the past several months," Fleur noted as Luna bobbed her head up and down on his shaft.

Luna let his cock slip from her lips with an audible pop and said, "Becoming a devil got rid of my gag reflex, which was the only thing that really held me back before."

She wrapped her lips around him again and, as if to demonstrate, pushed herself down completely, swallowing more and more of his shaft into her tight throat until her nose was pressed against him. He groaned in pleasure, and Akeno smirked, crawling over and kissing him hungrily. She and Rias took turns kissing him as Luna continued to suck his cock masterfully, and he eagerly lost himself in the debauchery of it all, groaning when Hermione and Fleur started kissing and licking his abs. He'd never felt quite so worshiped before, and he basked in the pleasure of it, though it quickly ended when Luna let his cock slip from her lips and fall on his abdomen with an audible splat.

"There, it's nice and wet," she smiled. "Fleur?"

"I'm ready, Luna," the Veela replied, turning around and resting her head on the sheets so she could reach behind her and pull her pale, round cheeks apart.

"And what exactly do you have in mind, Fleur?" Harry asked, figuring that he had a pretty good idea but wanting to hear her say it.

"I promised you yesterday that your reward for saving my Papa would be all of my holes," Fleur replied, her voice breathy and tinged with obvious desire. "When I told the others about my idea, though, they were...inspired."

"Close your eyes for a moment, Harry," Hermione said impishly, and he did so, his cock throbbing with anticipation. He felt them crawl around the bed, clearly lining themselves up on their hands and knees, and grinned widely. "Open them, Harry."

He did so, and his jaw dropped at what he saw. It wasn't just that all five of his lovers had lined themselves up along the foot of his large bed as he'd expected, or even that they were resting on their faces and reaching behind them to spread their pale arsecheeks wide, but rather what specifically they were showing off.

"What do you think of your first gift of the day, Harry?" Rias asked, and he felt his cock throb almost painfully.

Every single one of them was wearing a butt plug and they'd even gone to the trouble of attaching little bows to the bases. He was on his knees in an instant, crawling over to Akeno, who was on the far right side of the line. The moment his fingers brushed against the base of the plug, she moaned, and he finally found his voice again.

"Whose idea was the bows?" he asked, and they all giggled.

"That was my little touch," Luna murmured. "I thought you'd appreciate it. Hermione's the one who enchanted them, though."

"Enchanted?" Harry asked, ghosting a hand over one of the brunette's plump cheeks, and she shivered.

"I found a book in the library with all kinds of ideas for magical sex toys," Hermione replied. "These clean us out completely, lubricate us when tapped three times, and vibrate if you hold your hand on the base for more than a...ahh!"

"Oh, we're going to have so much fun with these," Harry chuckled, grabbing Akeno's and grinning when she started squirming. The vibrations seemed pretty intense from what he could feel in his hand, and he already knew that at some point he was going to chain his masochistic lover up and see just how much of it she could endure.

"Oh fuck, Harry," she moaned.

"How big are these things?" Harry asked.

"They taper off, but the widest part is as thick as your cock," Hermione replied. "We're already going to be stretched out enough for you to fit inside us when you pull out the plugs, and Luna was kind enough to get you nice and wet for us."

"It was my pleasure," the blonde said airily, making him laugh.

"My cock is pretty slick, and with the lube these things can produce, it shouldn't be too much trouble, but still, I would rather play things safely," Harry replied.

"You know you don't have to play all that safetly with m...fuck!" Akeno shrieked as he buried himself to the hilt inside her pussy with one long thrust.

"Fucking hell, you're tight," Harry groaned. She felt pretty much as tight as she had when he and Rias double penetrated her a few weeks earlier, and he knew immediately that he was going to try this with the others at least a little.

"I'm so fucking full!" Akeno exclaimed, whimpering as he started fucking her slowly. "Holy shit!"

"Could you try that with me before you bugger me, Harry?" Luna asked, practically drooling at the look of ecstasy on Akeno's face.

"I'm going to do this with all of you unless you object," Harry replied, and not one of them even joked about being uninterested.

He continued fucking Akeno for a minute, loving the feeling of her already tight tunnel clenching around him even harder, and then tapped the base of the plug three times as Hermione had said. He pulled his shaft from her without warning and grabbed the plug before carefully pulling on it. It started vibrating at his touch, making the raven-haired beauty gasp and whimper. He watched her tight rosette stretch wider and wider as the fattest part of the plug slowly came out, marveling at just how large the plug was, and when it finally came free, the rest quickly followed, making her moan loudly.

"Fuck me, you're gaping so wide," Harry groaned as he floated the plug to his side table.

"I need to for you," Akeno whimpered, already starting to sweat from the intensity of everything. "Fuck me, Harry. Fuck my tight little asshole until I scream, and then fuck me some more."

Harry shuddered at her filthy words and, fisting his cock, took a moment to line up with her still gaping arse before pushing forward. Akeno gasped and started breathing deeply to relax herself, not wanting to clench around him until he was fully buried inside her. Harry pushed forward slowly but steadily, entering her ass more easily than he ever had before. The sweltering heat of her insides was every bit as amazing as always, and when his hips came to rest against her plump cheeks and she squeezed shut around him, he groaned in pleasure.

"You feel like a fucking baseball bat in me when you take my ass," Akeno shivered. "It almost hurts."

Harry grinned and wrapped his hand around her ponytail before pulling her head back, making her gasp.

"I know better than to ask if you want me to give you a moment to adjust, my little painslut," he whispered in her ear as he cupped one of her large, full breasts and kneaded it.

"Fuck me hard, Harry," Akeno whimpered. "Don't hold back."

"With you?" Harry whispered in her ear as he nibbled on the lobe. "Never."

He pulled most of his thick length from her vice-tight ass before thrusting back in hard, making her shriek. Akeno was quite possibly the most depraved of them, loving nothing more than to be pounded into submission until her mind was blank and her voice hoarse from screaming. He knew exactly what she liked, and he was more than happy to give it to her, quickly working his way up to a brutal pace.

"Yes, yes, more!" Akeno shrieked, clawing at the sheets under her. "Fucking ruin me!"

"You're not going to be able to sit straight for a week by the time I'm done with you," Harry growled, chuckling when he felt her clench around him at that. "You're such a filthy little whore, already getting close just from having me fuck your ass."

"I'm your whore!" Akeno cried, her whole body starting to shake already. "Oh, fuck!"

He pushed her down until she was lying prone on the bed, still pulling on her hair, and started pounding her in the new position, delighting in her every pleasured scream.

"More, more, more!" Akeno squealed, shrieking when he slapped her ass so hard the sound of it echoed through the room.

"Fuck," Rias whimpered from next to her, watching the display and feeling her cunt drool.

Akeno's face was rapidly turning red, as was her ass, as the pressure in her core built up quickly. The position she was in allowed Harry to stimulate numerous sensitive spots in her pussy through the thin membrane that separated it from her ass, and between that, the feeling of him boring her open over and over again, the pain of her hair being pulled, her ass getting slapped red, and the absolute filth he was whispering in her ear, she felt like she was losing her mind.

"If you want to act like a bitch in heat, then maybe I shouldn't let you wear more than a collar around here," Harry whispered, smirking as he felt her start to spasm around him. "You can crawl around the tower, showing off your fucking perfect body to everyone who walks by. I'd be able to fuck you whenever I like then, wherever I wanted, by just grabbing your hips and pushing inside either your pussy or your ass. You'd be my permanent whore, a sex slave I could take whenever I felt like it."

"Holy shit, Harry," Akeno gasped, feeling like her whole body was on fire. "I'm...I...HARRY!"

"Oh, fuck," Harry groaned, going still as her spasming arse gripped too tightly for him to move.

Akeno convulsed under him, screaming in ecstasy as she squirted, soaking the bed under her. It might not have been the hardest he'd ever seen her cum, but it was damn close, and he pressed himself against her writhing form, peppering her neck with kisses and whispering in her ear.

"You're such a good girl, Akeno," he said soothingly. "Such a good, perfect girl."

She started sobbing, and he rolled them onto their sides so he could hold her in his arms.

"Hey, baby, it's okay," Rias soothed, cupping her cheek and wrapping her arms around them both.

"So...good," Akeno choked out after a moment as tears continued to streak down her cheeks.

"Fleur, why don't you go next, and I'll snuggle Akeno for a while?" Rias asked, and Harry smiled, pulling his cock from her heated depths and crawling over to Fleur, who was practically shaking with need.

"That was the hottest thing I've ever seen," she breathed. "She came so hard."

"How do you want me?" Harry asked.

"However you want," Fleur purred, and he grinned, casting a quick cleaning charm on his cock before pushing inside her tight pussy. "Fuck, yes!"

"So how long did you spend working on these?" Harry asked as he grabbed Hermione's plug, making her gasp and shudder. "I know we haven't had all that much free time lately."

"It took about a week of research and experiments," Hermione replied, trying to keep her voice as steady as she could as the vibrations drove her wild. "I took what time I could when we weren't focused on the case."

Harry smiled affectionately at that and pulled on Fleur's plug, making her gasp and mewl. She pushed as he pulled, desperate to feel his cock inside her tightest hole, and laughed giddily when she felt it slip out.

"Fuck me, 'Arry," she purred, adding a touch of her old accent for effect. "Fuck ze 'ole only you 'ave ever 'ad, mon amour. Stretch out my poor, tiny asshole with your 'uge cock and pound me until I scream your name."

"Anytime you like, Fleur," Harry grinned, pulling his cock out of her pussy and immediately pushing it inside her ass.

The Veela moaned and cried out, her allure going wild as she felt him conquer her tightest hole. He was very big, as her mother had learned the previous day, and felt massive inside her quim, but that was nothing compared to how big he felt in her ass. Her sphincter yielded for him, being stretched wider and wider as he sank inside the hot depths of her ass, reaching deeper and deeper until finally his balls came to rest against her clit.

"Oh wow," Fleur gasped as she felt him grab her hips. "Fuck me, "Arry. This is a present and a reward for all you've done for me."

"And yet by the end, you're going to get even more out of it than me," Harry chuckled, and Akeno laughed.

"He's not wrong, you know," she sighed, sounding like she was floating and utterly relaxed. "That was cosmic."

"I'll go last, you two," Rias said, looking over at Luna and Hermione, who were practically panting they were so desperate for his touch.

"Thank you, Rias," Luna breathed.

"Yes, thank you," Hermione added.

"I might be the only man alive today whose girlfriends decide among themselves what order I'll bugger them in," Harry thought to himself, laughing at the absurdity of it.

He pulled most of his shaft from her ass before pushing back in, making her gasp. She wasn't a masochist like Akeno, but Fleur liked it pretty rough as well, and with her so well lubricated and stretched, it wasn't long before he was able to fuck her hard enough for his balls to slap her clit. She moaned and cried out in pleasure, grasping the sheets in front of her so hard that her knuckles turned white.

Harry groaned at the feeling of her tight ring milking his cock and decided to try something that he hadn't consciously done before. Focusing on the allure that he'd gained when he became an incubus, he tried to focus it on Fleur and flare it. His first couple tries had no effect at all, though on the third one, he heard Fleur gasp immediately and moaned when she squeezed her inner muscles hard.

"'Arry, what's...ahh!" she cried, feeling a sudden, incredibly powerful wave of arousal flood her body. Her mind went blank, consumed by need, and Harry's eyes went wide when he saw downy white feathers start to grow on her arms.

"Ah, a little too much," Harry thought to himself, picking up his pace again.

"Harry, what did you do?" Hermione asked, noticing that Fleur was becoming more and more avian-looking by the moment.

"Tried to play around with my allure," Harry replied. "Apparently, I went too far."

"More!" Fleur cried, lifting herself up and pressing her back against his chest as she started bouncing hard on his cock.

"Clearly," Hermione muttered, shaking her head. "Hold her steady and I'll lick her clit."

"Thanks, luv," Harry groaned, grasping her breasts and holding her against his chest as the two of them rocked against each other hard, moving in perfect rhythm despite how clearly out of her mind Fleur was.

The Veela's feathers grew larger and started to turn yellow, orange, and red as her eyes went entirely black. The heat of her ass intensified, growing almost uncomfortable, and when Hermione lowered her head down towards her and started eating her out, she found that she was overflowing with fluids.

"More! More!" Fleur cried, her screams sounding like avian shrieks.

Luna sat up, shivering at the feeling of the plug still lodged in her ass, and smiled at how Fleur looked. With Hermione eating her out and Harry fucking her ass and kneading her breasts, she looked completely lost in ecstasy, something that she was sure the other blonde needed after the month she'd had. When she finally came undone, it was with a triumphant shriek, and she squirted all over Hermione's face as she writhed and thrashed in Harry's embrace.

"Fuck me," Harry groaned, feeling her spasm around him, being almost painfully tight.

He didn't stop, though, not knowing if she'd need more than one orgasm to return to normal. He fucked her hard through her climax, wanting to prolong it as long as possible, and when he felt her feathers start to recede, he sighed in relief. Fleur went limp in his arms a moment later, passing out with his cock still inside her, and he carefully lowered her down onto the bed before pulling out.

"Sorry about that," he chuckled when he saw how soaked Hermione's face looked.

"I'm fine, but if you want to make it up to me anyway, I can think of one way you could," the brunette grinned, and he kissed her deeply, smirking when he tasted Fleur's cunt on her lips.

She pulled him down on top of him casting a cleaning charm on his cock, and moaned into his mouth when he pushed inside her pussy, slipping in with almost embarrassing ease. She had felt like she was on the verge of cumming since she watched Akeno cum so hard she cried, and eating Fleur out had only added to her all-consuming arousal. Harry filled her as perfectly as he always did, and she wrapped her arms around him, digging her nails into his shoulders as she nearly let him fuck her as she normally would.

"Wait," Hermione gasped, pushing him over, and he rolled onto his back, taking her with him. "Luna, pull the plug out for me."

"Of course," Luna grinned, crawling over and grabbing the base of her plug.

She looked over, noticed Rias and Akeno making out next to them, and smiled at the obvious affection and love between them.

"Luna!" Hermione cried, not wanting to cum until she'd taken Harry in her ass, and the blonde was shocked out of her reverie.

"Oh, sorry," she chuckled, realizing that she'd made the plug start vibrating. She pulled gently, watching as Hermione opened up little by little, and grinned when she saw the plug come free. "Wow, these things make our bums gape more than I realized."

"Harry, I'm about to cum, so just pull out and stick it in my ass," Hermione begged, and he chuckled, lifting her up until his cock slipped from her pussy.

"Luna, could you do the honors?" Harry asked, and the blonde nodded vigorously, wanting her turn as soon as possible. She lifted his cock up and lined it up with Hermione's still-gaping bum before nodding at Harry, who lowered her down.

"Oh, holy fuck!" Hermione groaned. "You feel so much bigger there."

"We should do this more often," Harry groaned as he felt her firm, round cheeks come to rest against his thighs, every inch of his cock buried inside the heated depths of her ass.

"It certainly looks like it's been fun for everyone so far," Luna smiled, embracing Hermione from behind as she grabbed his shoulders for support and started bouncing on his cock. "Mmm, Fleur made a real mess of you. I can clean it up."

The brunette wondered what she meant for a moment only to moan when Luna started licking her neck, cleaning her up after Fleur squirted all over her. The blonde grasped her bouncing breasts a moment later and began kneading the sensitive mounds.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck!" Hermione cried, feeling herself soaring towards her peak already. "I love your fucking cock!"

Harry chuckled at that, trying to imagine what the Hermione he met all those years ago would say if she could hear how foul her language could be now.

"Cum for me, Mione," he said, his voice low and rumbling as he started stroking her throbbing clit. "Cum around my cock."

"HARRY!" She squealed, cumming hard.

He caught her as she fell forward, wrapping his arms around her and holding her tight as she writhed in pleasure. Burying his face in her hair, he inhaled deeply and stroked her back as he waited for her to come down from her high.

"Definitely...more often," Hermione panted, and he grinned, pulling her off his cock and rolling them both over until she was on her back.

"It is fun," Akeno grinned, crawling over to them and cocking an eyebrow as she looked at Fleur.

"She had a bird moment," Luna explained.

"Oh," Akeno nodded.

"So, Luna, you're up next," Rias grinned, and the blonde shivered.

"Take me on my back," she beamed. "I want to see how you look when I clench around you."

"Just wait until I'm fully inside you," Harry chuckled, cleaning his cock before pushing it inside the blonde's tight quim, making her gasp.

"Oh wow, that's way more intense than normal," Luna sighed. "Anyway, I just wanted to feel that, and after watching you drive the others insane, I'm right on the edge, so if you could pull out and bugger me, that would be for the best."

"Sure, Luna," Harry chuckled, pulling his cock from her depths before slowly pulling out the plug, making her whimper and gasp.

"If you want him to fuck your ass in this position, you should move your legs back more like this," Rias said, grabbing her ankles and pulling them down until she was folded in half.

"Oh, yeah, this will be a lot of fun," Luna beamed. "How much is my ass gaping, Harry?"

"I could push two fingers in with ease," Harry replied.

"So I'll be able to take your massive incubus cock way easier, then," Luna smiled. "Fuck me, Harry."

"Gladly," Harry grinned, amused as ever by her uniqueness.

He took a moment to line himself up before pushing in, making her gasp. Rias was still holding her in place, keeping her ankles by her head as Harry grasped her hips and pushed inside her, adoring the heat of her, and soon enough, he was buried to the hilt, his hips resting against her cheeks.

"Mmm, it feels like you're in my stomach," Luna sighed. "If I didn't know better, I'd think you really were rearranging my guts."

"Where did you hear that?" Akeno asked.

"I've been looking through the omnilibrary for books on sex and stumbled across some erotic novels," Luna replied. "Some of them come with these really neat pictures too."

Harry smiled at that, happier than he could say to see his lovers able to relax so much after the last few weeks, and started fucking her. She moaned and mewled as he found a steady rhythm, grabbing at the sheets on either side of her, and smiled up at Rias, who gasped in shock, making her furrow her brow in confusion.

"Akeno!" Rias exclaimed, and her queen giggled.

"You're so wet, Rias," Akeno purred, her face buried between her master's thighs as she lay on her back. "How could I not want to have a taste?"

She lapped at the redhead's pussy, drinking deeply of her fluids, and reached up to grab her butt plug, chuckling when she immediately started moaning at the vibrations.

"Oh fuck, just like that!" Rias groaned, reaching for Luna's pussy and pushing three fingers inside her pussy as Harry continued to bugger her.

"Yes!" the blonde cried, holding her own legs in place so Rias could finger her.

The redhead curled her fingers upward, stroking Luna's g-spot, and began to rub her clit. Her gasps and cries turned to moans and screams, her pleasure spiking as the pressure in her core grew more and more intense. It built and built until her entire body was shaking and quivering, and just as it started to become painfully intense, the dam broke and she screamed.

"HARRY!" Luna squealed, writhing in pleasure, and he immediately pulled his throbbing shaft from her depths, needing a moment.

"Fuck, you're so hard it almost looks purple," Rias breathed, her eyes nearly black with lust. "Akeno, take care of Luna."

"Already on it," Akeno grinned, settling down next to the still spasming blonde and pulling her into her grasp as Hermione embraced her from behind.

"You're getting close, aren't you?" Rias asked.

"Honestly, I just needed a break," Harry replied, and she pouted.

"Aww," Rias replied, looking disappointed, "and here I was hoping you'd cum inside me."

"Well, if that's what my gorgeous fiancee wants," Harry grinned, wrapping his arms around her and kissing her deeply.

"I want Fleur to slurp your cum from my ass," Rias whispered, and he groaned, his cock throbbing almost painfully at the depravity of that.

"I could do that," Fleur sighed, rolling onto her back.

"I thought the taste of Harry's cum would be what woke you," Rias chuckled.

"No, I just needed a moment," Fleur said, sitting up. "That allure trick you did was insane, 'Arry. I almost felt as I do when I trigger our bond."

"Speaking of the bond, you'll be doing it with Luna tonight, right?" Rias asked.

"That's the plan," Harry replied, smiling at the blonde as she rested sandwiched between Akeno and Hermione.

"Come with me," Rias purred, extending her wings and flying up into the air before bending over and reaching back to spread her ass cheeks wide. "Don't bother with my pussy; I'm too wound up to take much at this point, and I want to cum with you in my ass."

"If you insist," Harry grinned, grabbed the plug, and smirked when she gasped.

He pulled it out slowly, stroking his cock as he did, and tossed it onto the bed the moment it slipped out, just as desperate for her as she was for him. Lining himself up with her tightest hole, he grasped her hips and pulled her down onto him, groaning in pleasure as she enveloped him completely.

"Oh fuck, yes!" Rias moaned. "Up in the air like this, we're practically weightless. Use me like a fleshlight, Harry. Bounce me on your huge fucking cock until you cum."

"Fucking hell, I'm a lucky guy," Harry laughed.

Saying they were weightless in the air was an exaggeration, but he'd never thought that Rias was at all heavy before, and he was far stronger now than he ever was as a human. He tightened his grip on his hips and started moving her on his shaft, using her like she was just a toy for his pleasure. She gasped and groaned, far from used to feeling him in her ass, and cried out when he changed the angle of his thrusts slightly and brushed against something deep within her pussy through the thin membrane that divided them.

"There!" she cried. "Right there!"

"Fucking hell," Harry groaned, feeling her clench around him hard as he clearly hit something that she liked.

He picked up his pace, fucking her harder and faster, starting to feel a slight, pleasant burn in his arms as he bounced her on his cock in time with his thrusts. She hung limp in the air, her face a rictus of pleasure as he pounded her hard. She felt like she was utterly in his control like this, powerless against him, and that drove her fucking wild.

"Yes, yes, yes!" she screamed, her long crimson hair tickling the bed as she quivered and shook with his every thrust.

She'd already been turned on when Akeno started eating her out, and her impish queen had kept her hovering at the edge for a few minutes when Luna finally came, so she was already very, very close. The feeling of his shaft stretching her tight ring open and hitting the deep spot in her pussy was divine, and she knew that she wasn't going to last much longer, so she started squeezing her inner muscles tightly every time he pulled back, milking him hard, and giggled when she heard him groan her name.

"You're a wicked creature," Harry panted, feeling close to his own orgasm. "You want my cum, Rias? Earn it. Cum for me, baby."

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh...FUCK, HARRY!" she squealed as she came, and he let go with a groan, painting her bowels white with his copious seed.

The two of them fell back to the bed as their orgasms taxed their self-control and barely managed to slow their descent in time to keep from landing awkwardly. Rias collapsed on her belly, writhing and shaking in bliss, and he fell with her, holding himself up on his forearms and nuzzling her neck.

"Best birthday ever," he panted, and she laughed.

"This was only...the start," Rias panted. "Now pull out...so Fleur can clean me up."

He did as she asked, pulling his still-hard cock from her depths and watching as Fleur immediately dove towards her, burying her face between the redhead's wonderfully round ass cheeks and lapping at her gaping hole.

"The best part is that we can continue this in the shower," Luna beamed, resting her head on his chest and sighing happily when he started running his fingers through her hair.

"That will be fun," Harry grinned, watching as Hermione and Akeno crawled towards him, and he sighed happily when they started cuddling with him and Luna.

"You have no idea, Harry," Akeno purred, and he sighed in pure, relaxed contentment.

Ever since he killed Voldemort, it seemed like Harry flitted from one unpleasant revelation to another, and he was glad, as he lay there, to be able to put it all out of his head. He knew that there were more battles ahead of him, some closer at hand than others, but those were things he could focus on later. For the moment, he was going to enjoy his birthday and bask in the love and adoration of the women surrounding him.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Brawlingbard, Markuz Black, Fridrich and 176 others
voivode_writer
Dec 9, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 44 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Dec 23, 2025
Add bookmark
#917
Harry let out a self-satisfied sigh as he left the bathroom about half an hour after his birthday orgy finished. He'd half expected his gorgeous, devilish lovers to offer to wash his back, but they'd gone to shower on their own, something that he doubted had anything to do with them being too tired to go on. They had something else planned, and he was eager to find out what it was. He dressed quickly and headed downstairs, quirking his brow in amusement when he saw Hermione arguing with Gnarl.

"Perhaps if we just softened some of the spikes," the ancient minion suggested, sounding like he'd been at this for a while.

"I'm not wearing a big gauntlet around, Gnarl," Hermione muttered. "Spikes or no, I'd look ridiculous, not to mention conspicuous."

"But how else are you to command fear in all you survey if you don't dress the part?" Gnarl asked. "You are the Overlady, and this is a suit of armor befitting an Overlady. Plus, your ability to summon the minions through gates will be tied to your gauntlet and helmet."

"How exactly does that work?" Harry asked, reaching the bottom of the stairs. "She can already command them."

"Yes, but not in the sort of numbers that she could with this," Gnarl replied, pointing to the scroll of parchment he'd sketched on, and Harry cocked an eyebrow the moment he saw it. It looked like something out of a heavy metal album cover, a suit of heavy plate mail made of black steel, with a spiked helmet that would look intimidating on someone, he was sure, but which would look genuinely hilarious on Hermione.

"I didn't know you could draw this well," Harry commented, and Gnarl preened.

"One of my lesser-known talents," the minion replied.

"Look, I'm not dealing with this on your birthday, Harry," Hermione muttered. "We'll figure things out another time."

"Hermione, I don't need your constant attention all day," Harry chuckled. "I'm happy to help you out with this. The enchantments in the armor, could they be woven into something else? A bracelet perhaps? Hermione's a capable witch and doesn't truly need a suit of heavy armor like this."

"A bracelet?" Gnarl asked, not sounding like he particularly liked the idea. "I mean, I guess it might be possible, but I don't think a bracelet would strike fear in anyone."

"What about a ring?" Luna asked, and Hermione froze. "I've been reading those books you like so much, and something like Sauron's ring might work if it's just meant to help you command and summon the minions. If that Celebrimbal guy ever wrote anything down, we'd have his notes too."

"Celebrimor and...oh, wow," Hermione breathed, swallowing thickly as her mind raced with possibilities. She'd pretty much accepted that she was stuck being the minion's reluctant master if she didn't want them to end up seeking out someone worse, and while she wouldn't normally have taken inspiration from a being as evil as Sauron, she couldn't help but consider the idea of using something so Tolkienesque very cool. "I'm nowhere near as powerful as Sauron, so the ring wouldn't work the same way, but if I could figure out how exactly he forged it, I might be able to do something similar enough…"

She trailed off, a small smile forming on her lips at the thought of what a complex and intriguing research project that might be.

"Where are the others?" Harry asked.

"Rias, Akeno, and Fleur are in Castle Gremory, as are Kiba and Koneko," Hermione replied. "We stayed behind to wait for Sirius, who didn't come home last night."

"What?" Harry asked, instantly concerned.

"I'm sure he's fine," Luna replied. "It's early yet, and he's capable of taking care of himse…"

Sure enough, before she could finish that sentence, the door opened and Sirius strolled in with a satisfied smile on his face.

"Ah, Happy Birthday, Harry," Sirius grinned, hugging him the moment he spotted him. "Sorry I'm late, but I slept in far more than I expected."

"Not here," Harry pointed out, and his grin grew wider. "So, who's the lucky stray?"

"Fuck off, Harry," Sirius laughed, and he joined in. "Um, I'm actually sort of seeing someone."

"Really?" Harry asked.

"That's great, Sirius," Luna smiled, and Hermione nodded in agreement.

"Her name's Haruka, a widow about my age," Sirius explained. "It's early yet, and I didn't actually mean to spend the night like that, but we got carried away and…"

"Say no more," Harry chuckled. "How'd you two meet?"

"I was trying out one of the nearby restaurants when she showed up wanting a seat after they'd filled the place up," Sirius replied. "Rather than let such a beautiful woman wait, or worse, leave, I generously offered to share my table; we hit it off, and we've been on a few dates since. Got a bit awkward this morning, though."

"Oh?" Harry asked.

"The reason that I didn't intend to spend the night is that she has a daughter, a girl about your age, and we weren't ready to introduce me yet," Sirius sighed.

"That would be awkward," Hermione chuckled.

"Got weird, too," Sirius muttered. "I don't know if there's something wrong with the girl, but she caught us as her mother was trying to sneak me out, took one look at me, and just said, 'seven, very nice,' and walked off. Haruka spluttered and blushed, and I hightailed it out of there, not wanting to make things more awkward than they already were."

"That is weird," Harry replied.

"Yeah, I mean, I am at least an eight," Sirius argued.

Before any of them could say anything else, Rias' magic circle formed on the ground, and she appeared inside it a moment later. "Is he ba...ah, Sirius, good."

"I'm back," Sirius said. "Just give me a second to change, and you can bring me right over."

"What have you planned?" Harry asked, and Rias grinned.

"I know you didn't want anything over the top, so instead, I planned a simple gathering of our friends," Rias replied. "Happy birthday, Harry."

"The happiest yet already," Harry smiled, kissing her softly.

"Gnarl, do you want to come along?" Hermione asked. "Lord Zeoticus said you could look through the library, provided you don't damage anything."

"Yes, Dark One," Gnarl nodded, "and I am perfectly capable of looking through books without damaging them."

Sirius ran upstairs and reappeared a moment later, at which point they all teleported to the Underworld.

"So this is a whole other world out there?" Sirius asked, looking around. "I was a little preoccupied by the murder elves the other day and didn't get a chance to really take much in."

"Murder minions," Gnarl muttered, and he chuckled.

"Sorry," Sirius murmured. "What's up with you and elves anyway?"

"If you had ever met the elves of my world, you would understand," Gnarl shuddered.

"I didn't see Dobby or Kreacher earlier," Harry commented.

"I brought them here," Hermione replied. "Curiously, unlike the newborn ones, those two seem to have retained more of their old personalities."

"A lingering effect of the wizard's meddling, I suspect," Gnarl said. "I will admit, should the minions end up being a little smarter than they were before, that won't be a bad thing."

"To answer your question, Sirius, yes," Rias replied. "The Underworld, like Heaven, is a separate planet separated from Earth by the Dimensional Gap, a vast, nigh-unnavigable expanse of space occupied by a massive red dragon."

"I...see," Sirius replied. "Hermione, is this what being a muggleborn thrust into the Wizarding World was like?"

"More or less," Hermione replied.

"I invited Seekvaira and Sona," Rias murmured to Harry. "You seemed to get on with them at the party, and I figured there'd be no harm in it."

"Not at all," Harry smiled. "I'm happy to get to know more of your friends, and it's not like Seekvaira knew what her mother was going to do."

"She'd have warned me," Rias nodded. "She did apparently get an eyeful, though, and I'd be lying if I said I'm not looking forward to seeing her fail to look you in the eye."

Harry chuckled at that and wrapped his arm around her waist, cocking an eyebrow at Luna when she wrapped an arm around his.

"It's been a while since we've been able to relax like this," he blonde said softly, and he sighed, kissing the crown of her head.

"It has," Harry replied. "A little relaxation is exactly what I need."

"You'll be permitted exactly one day of it," Grayfia said, and he stiffened, not having noticed her appear next to them. "We need to get you ready for Riser, and taking more than your birthday off would be...ill-advised."

"Riser?" Sirius asked.

"Rias' dickhead ex-fiance," Harry replied. "I'm slated to fight him on our wedding day."

"Is that some devil tradition?" Sirius asked, confused and alarmed.

"No," Rias replied flatly. "It was Sirzechs' idea."

"Your brother has every confidence in Harry's abilities," Grayfia replied. "He's running a little late."

"He's coming?" Harry asked, surprised.

"Of course," Rias replied, wrapping her arms around one of his. "You're family, Harry. We're mere weeks from making that official."

"I still can't believe you're getting married at your age," Sirius chuckled. "That is permitted here, right?"

"Plenty of things are permitted here, Mister Black," Grayfia replied, "especially for the nobility."

"That I understand well," Sirius replied, "and please, call me Sirius."

They were led inside the castle, and Harry was almost immediately struck by a fast-flying blonde, who wrapped her arms and legs around him and kissed him deeply.

"I see where your sister gets it," Harry chuckled as she pulled back and Fleur's eyes narrowed.

"Don't mention that little harpy to me," she muttered. "I'm still mad at her."

"What did Gabrielle do?" Luna asked.

"She kissed 'Arry," Fleur replied, and Sirius looked at them in shock.

"Isn't she just a kid?" he asked.

"She starts her first year at Beauxbatons in a month," Fleur muttered.

"I saved her from the lake during the second task, and she's had a little crush ever since," Harry explained.

"Something that saving her father's life didn't exactly diminish, I imagine," Sirius chuckled, shaking his head.

"Apolline spoke to her," Harry said. "I'm sure it won't happen again."

"Until she's old enough, since I apparently have a second Veela fully prepared to join my harem," he thought to himself, shaking his head slightly. "It's genuinely amazing how much my life has changed since my last birthday."

"I'll speak to the little brat myself if I need to," Fleur muttered. "Kissing my boyfriend without permission, the little pain in the ass…"

That last part she said in French, which Sirius didn't speak, but both Hermione and Rias looked at him in surprise.

"Later," Harry mouthed, and they nodded.

"The party won't start for a few more hours, so, Sirius, if you'd like a tour of the castle, we'd be happy to show you around," Rias smiled.

"Absolutely," Sirius replied. "This place is incredible. Even Hogwarts wasn't so large."

"The castle that used to stand here apparently wasn't quite so grand, but my brother blew it up when he was a few months old, so they built this in its place," Rias said.

"Ah, I...what?" Sirius asked, his brain catching up with his ears, and Harry chuckled.

*****

"Seekvaira?!" Sona asked as she spotted the green-haired girl flying through the air and glided over towards her.

"Sona, hi," Seekvaira smiled, coming to a halt. "She invited you too, huh?"

"She did," Sona replied. "She's wanted me to get to know Harry better for a while, and this was as good an opportunity as any."

"I'm honestly surprised she invited me at all," Seekvaira muttered, and Sona furrowed her brow curiously.

"You're her cousin, and she's always liked having you around," she murmured. "She's marrying Harry in a few weeks, so why wouldn't she want you to spend more time with him?"

"She didn't tell you about what happened the night of the ball?" Seekvaira asked.

"Clearly not," Sona replied.

"My mother tried numerous methods over the course of the night to try and find out what was so special about him," Seekvaira replied. "When all of her attempts to divine things from him failed, she spiked Rias's drink with a lust potion and watched them go at it."

"I swear your mother makes Serafall seem normal occasionally," Sona muttered, pinching the bridge of her nose, and Seekvaira snorted.

"No comment," she replied.

"Was she satisfied at least?" Sona asked, swiftly blushing as she realized how that sounded. "Your mother, I mean."

"She thinks he's just some hunk Rias is addicted to," Seekvaira replied.

"Good, that's good," Sona sighed, and Seekvaira eyed her curiously, realizing from her tone that she likely knew more than she did.

After looking around to make sure that they were well within Gremory territory and alone, she drifted in closer and whispered, "You know what he is, don't you?"

"If I did, I couldn't possibly comment," Sona replied. "I wouldn't break Rias' confidence like that."

"Well, let her know that I didn't say anything to my mother about how many pawns he required," Seekvaira whispered. "For the moment, she is satisfied with the answer she'd gotten, and I didn't want her looking any closer."

"Why not tell her that yourself?" Sona asked, curious.

"It would sound like me snooping, and as curious as I am, I don't want to pry if she isn't willing to tell me what exactly made him require so many pieces," Seekvaira replied. "If anyone could convince her that she can trust me, though, it would be you."

"It's not really a matter of trust," Sona sighed. "Look, all I can say is that you will be informed eventually."

"Wait a minute," Seekvaira breathed, flying backward a little. "Do you know the truth because you're Rias' best friend or because you're Lady Serafall's sister?"

"Careful, Seekvaira," Sona said softly. "You're starting to sound like you're prying."

"Okay, okay," Seekvaira relented, holding up her hands. "I was just surprised is all. That wasn't a possibility that I had considered."

"Like I said, you'll learn soon enough, perhaps sooner, should Rias agree," Sona smiled. "Shall we?"

"After you," Seekvaira replied, and Sona smiled before flying off towards Gremory, with the green-haired beauty not far behind.

*****

The castle wherein Zekram Bael lived was a sprawling gothic thing made of stone so dark is looked nearly black. Its numerous jutting towers and thick outer walls were a purely aesthetic choice, as they'd do little against an attack from one of their enemies, but the ancient devil, firstborn of Lucifer and Lilith's creations, was a man who had long since learned what he liked and seldom ever strayed from his very particular tastes in anything.

He had lived in this castle since before Venelana was born, and while she knew that it had been repaired and renovated numerous times over the centuries, it had only ever been to restore it as it was. She didn't think he'd changed a single carpet in over a millennium, always ensuring that if anything grew too tattered to keep, it was replaced by an exact replica. Her mother once told her that he kept a permanent catalog of his possessions, complete with pictures and exact descriptions spread across numerous binders, but she'd never seen them.

The guards at the gate spotted her but didn't move a muscle, having been informed of her impending arrival, and she paid them no heed as she flew inside, landing in the anteroom, where a familiar figure stood. White-haired and slight, Zekram's majordomo, Dagon, was a pureblood devil of a minor line who had served her oldest ancestor for longer than her grandparents had been alive.

"Lady Venelana," he said smoothly, his calculating dark eyes peering into hers. "The master is expecting you."

"I'm aware," Venelana replied. "He's in his study?"

"He is," Dagon replied, and she smiled before flying off towards the familiar room.

The door opened as she approached, Zekram having sensed her presence, and she floated in finding him, as she had so many times, seated behind his ebony desk. He was reading through some heavy-looking tome, scratching out little notes as he did so in the notebook next to it, and he didn't even look up as she sat down.

"Twice in one year," Zekram mused. "How unusual."

"I know you're a busy man, Grandfather," Venelana replied. "I don't wish to waste your time."

"Something I've always appreciated about you, Lana," Zekram replied, his purple eyes landing on her as he gazed upward without moving his head. "You would never waste my time for a simple house call, so tell me, what troubles you?"

"It's not a matter of trouble," Venelana replied, "but rather inquiry. Rias recently came across something locked away in a cave in Ireland, and I wondered if you knew anything about it."

That got his attention, and he finally set his pen down, straightening up in his high-backed chair.

"What did she find?" he asked and she took a deep breath.

"The creatures that the children of the Fallen call house-elves were brought here by one of us," Venelana replied. "One of the originals of that group still lives and clearly described the Power of Destruction as he recounted how he came to be on Earth. I was wondering if you either were the one who did so or knew who was."

"One of those blasted creatures still lives?" Zekram groaned. "I thought they'd have all died out ages ago."

"He was kept in a sort of magical stasis," Venelana replied. "Was it you then?"

"Why do you wish to know?" Zekram asked. "You wouldn't come here if this was mere curiosity on your part."

"If you know about them, then you know that they came from another world," Venelana replied. "My daughter has uncovered multiple references to the existence of worlds we know nothing about over the past several months, and I wish to know more about them. Whoever brought these minions here visited another world to do so."

"Rias has been exceptionally busy over the past year," Zekram muttered, raising his hand in the air.

Venelana tensed as she felt the Power of Destruction coil in the first Bael, not believing that he was about to attack her but being wary all the same, and relaxed when she felt him create a sound-destroying barrier around the study.

"I wasn't the one who traveled to that strange other world," Zekram explained, "but I knew who did."

"Who?" Venelana asked.

"Zekhail," Zekram replied, and she sighed, nodding.

"Oh," Venelana replied. Zekhail Bael was Zekram's son, the second oldest of their line, and a man who had been dead for the better part of two centuries, killed by angels who managed to ambush him while he was on Earth.

"Yes," Zekram replied, malice oozing from his features for just a moment before he schooled them again. "How much has your daughter uncovered about these other worlds?"

"They seem to be legion," Venelana replied, not wanting to explain just how she knew that. "They are presumably accessible from somewhere in the Dimensional Gap, but the paths to them have never been found, and those few who have found their way to them have only ever done so by picking up shed scales from the Apocalypse Dragon."

"Well done," Zekram smiled. "Few have any inkling of what you just said, and far fewer still have ever witnessed actual proof."

"Zekhail did, though?" Venelana asked, and he nodded.

"He did," Zekram replied. "On my order, he searched the Earth and Underworld both for scales, and nearly four hundred years ago, he managed to find one."

"How did you even learn about them?" Venelana asked.

"How did you?" Zekram asked, his ancient violet eyes peering at her intensely.

"Rias stumbled across a volume of Nicholas Flamel's journal," Venelana replied, and he chuckled.

"How fortuitous," Zekram replied. "I also learned of them from the old magician."

"You met with him?" Venelana asked.

"I did," Zekram replied. "I wanted the power of his Stone for myself and sought him out. I had thought to bargain with him, threaten him if I needed to, but in the end, I learned there was no real hope for the former and no point in the latter."

"Because it was bound to him," Venelana murmured, and he scowled before nodding.

"He demonstrated how it worked for me and handed it over, happy to let me try and fail myself," Zekram muttered. "As I was growing more and more furious with myself, he proposed a deal, a favor from me in exchange for the story of how he perfected the stone a century earlier."

"Why did you want it?" Venelana asked. "If you don't mind me asking."

"The Philosopher's Stone was an alchemical wonder," Zekram replied. "It could turn lead into gold, and that was its least useful function. Zekhail and I labored for decades trying to find a cure for sleeping sickness after Magna started to suffer from it."

"I assume you made a sample of the Elixir of Life part of your deal with Flamel," Venelana mused. "If it didn't work, why would you think that Stone still could?"

"Because the Stone was capable of creating far more than just that one elixir," Zekram replied, "or so I theorized. I didn't want to have to rely on a human for the experiments I had in mind for it and so sought to create my own. Given what I learned from him, I knew that our only hope was to find one of the great scales, but we had no idea how often the Apocalypse Dragon shed them or where they might have ended up. Zekhail handled most of that while I focused on my duties and tending to his sister. In the end, we weren't fast enough, and she did succumb, but he continued to search for answers long afterward."

"He did find one of the scales, though," Venelana said, and she scowled.

"He did," Zekram replied, "and he quickly learned that there were two major problems with our theory. The first was that the scales themselves seem to be almost impossible to control, and the second is that there are far more worlds out there than we thought. From Flamel's account, he and I both figured that the strange world the man went to was where the Apocalypse Dragon came from. It made sense that his scales, possessed of the magical power they apparently are, were capable of pulling people into that world because of that, though it turned out that we were wrong. The world he was taken to was nothing like the one Flamel was taken to, and he took the minions with him on a whim, not wanting the infuriating trip to have been for nothing."

"And he quickly concluded that they weren't worth the trouble," Venelana muttered. "So the scales just take a person to some other world the moment they're touched?"

"They do, and picking them up telekinetically didn't help either," Zekram muttered. "That's what Zekhail tried to do so he could study it at length, figuring that physical contact would be needed to trigger that teleportation, but it flew into his hand the moment he lifted it from the ground. After that failure and Magna's death, I gave up on the notion entirely. I know that Zekhail continued to study the Apocalypse Dragon afterward, becoming rather obsessed, honestly, but he was never one to take extensive notes, so whatever, if anything he discovered died with him. I hope you aren't thinking of keeping those wretched little creatures around."

"A member of Rias' peerage has managed to convince them all that she's their master and I'm leaving them in her care," Venelana replied, making him roll his eyes.

"You'll regret it," Zekram muttered, "but if you want to learn that particular lesson for yourself, I'll leave you to it. Was there anything else you wanted?"

"No," Venelana replied, and he nodded.

"Give my best to Rias," Zekram commented as she stood up, and she stilled. "Between this and the strange letters you brought to me a few months ago, it would seem your daughter has been quite busy this year. Should she prove herself further soon, I will want to meet with her."

"Of course, Grandfather," Venelana nodded, smiling. "Good day."

"Good day," Zekram replied, returning to the tome he'd been pouring over as she left. "Just what have you been poking your nose in, little Rias?"

He smiled and shook his head, deciding to wait and see what else she managed to find.

*****

"I still can't believe a baby destroyed half of an actual castle," Sirius muttered as they finished their tour.

"Keep in mind this is the guy who wiped out the dementors and made it look effortless," Harry reminded him.

"I'm suddenly glad I didn't flirt with that gorgeous maid," Sirius shuddered. "Still, if it led to the construction of this place, I can't say the destruction was all bad."

"My thoughts exactly, Venelana smiled, and Rias nearly jumped.

"Mother," she breathed. "I thought you were out."

"I was, dear," Venelana replied. "Is your father still in the factory?"

"I haven't seen him yet, so presumably," Rias replied, and she shook her head.

"That man and his projects," Venelana muttered. "Excuse me."

She flew off towards the door, and Rias chuckled, shaking her head affectionately. They entered the main sitting room in the wing of the castle where their rooms all were and spotted Akeno and Koneko playing chess while Kiba chatted with a cardboard box.

"So, has the stress finally gotten to him?" Harry asked, and Rias snorted.

"No," she replied. "Gasper, come out. There's someone I want you to meet."

"Do I have to?" a clearly young boy asked, his voice coming from the box, and Rias sighed.

"I'd like you to meet my fiance, and the rest of the peerage," she said sharply, and a whimper came from the box.

"Oh, right, your bishop," Harry breathed. "I forgot you mentioned him to be ho…"

He trailed off as the box opened and what looked like a little girl popped out.

"You said 'him?'" Sirius asked, looking down at the quivering little platinum-haired girl wearing what looked like the Kuoh school uniform.

"Harry, Hermione, Luna, Sirius, this is Gasper, my bishop," Rias smiled. "He is a boy, Sirius; he just prefers women's clothing."

"Whatever floats your boat," Sirius shrugged. "Hi, kid."

"Oh goodness, you're adorable!" Luna exclaimed, moving to fly towards him, only to freeze when he reared back.

"Hello, Gasper, I'm Hermione," Hermione said gently. "I take it you have a rather extreme case of agoraphobia, or is it just new people?"

"B...both," Gasper stuttered, looking like he wanted to jump back in his box more than anything. "It's nice to meet you all. Could I get back in my box?"

"I would prefer that you stay out for at least a few minutes," Rias sighed. "If you really push yourself, you'll be able to spend greater and greater periods of time outside. You can't spend your entire life in a box."

"I like boxes, though," Gasper replied. "They're dark and sturdy, and they keep me hidden."

"Dark One, I think I found one of the books you mentioned," Gnarl said as he wandered in, and Gasper yelped at the sight of the aged minion, jumping back in his box and closing it up. As Rias glared at him, the minion asked, "Was it something I said?"

"Hey, where's Fleur?" Harry asked, noticing that the Veela wasn't in the room.

"She popped off to check on her family," Akeno replied. "Checkmate!"

"Shit," Koneko muttered, flicking her king over.

"Did they reach out to her?" Harry asked.

"No, but she figured they'd all be up by now, and her father met with his healer yesterday evening," Akeno replied, and he nodded.

"How do you expect his recovery to go?" Sirius asked. "He seemed like a pretty good guy when we chatted the other day."

"We ended the curse before it could reach its final stage, but it did have a lot of time to wreak havoc on his body," Harry replied. "With luck, he'll be able to recover from most of the damage caused by it, but there's no guarantee."

"I swear I can still occasionally smell that foul blood," Koneko muttered.

"Ah, I got back in time," Fleur said as she walked in, and Harry hugged her, noting that she seemed tense.

"Is something wrong?" he asked.

"Mama is still struggling with coming to terms with what I am now," Fleur replied, and Harry furrowed his brow, pretty sure she'd just lied to him.

"She'll come around, Fleur," Luna assured her, hugging the other blonde.

"She did learn just a few days ago," Harry added, deciding to let her keep whatever secret she had for the time being.

"This could work," Hermione breathed, and they all turned to see her looking through a thick tome with her brown eyes wide with obvious excitement. "This could just work."

"What is it?" Fleur asked, eager for a distraction.

"These are Celebrimbor's notes on the forging of the Rings of Power, something from Tolkien's work," Hermione replied. "I think I could just about replicate a lot of this; even the physical aspects of hammering metal should be doable now that I'm a devil."

"You are rather stronger than you look," Akeno grinned. "What are these rings?"

"Something that I think could help me with the minions," Hermione murmured. "Gnarl's been trying to convince me to have a suit of armor forged for me, but I would rather place all the same enchantments in something I can actually wear in public."

"I don't know," Harry grinned. "I think you'd look rather sexy in a cuirass."

Hermione's lips quirked as she looked at him, and she set the book aside.

"Provided I was wearing nothing else, I imagine," she replied.

"I'll go," Sirius said. "Kiba, do you want to grab that box? It seems Harry's about to…"

"Don't finish that," Harry muttered, making the older man snort.

"Actually, we should go downstairs," Rias replied. "I just saw Seekvaira and Sona fly by that window, so aside from Sirzechs, we're all here, and I'm sure he'll just pop by later, busy as he is."

"Right," Sirius smiled. "Come, Pup. Rias showed me a picture of the cake the other day, and it looks amazing."

Harry smiled and went downstairs, being followed closely by most of them.

"Are you sure you just want to stay here?" Kiba asked, staring down at Gasper's box.

"I'm sure," Gasper replied. "Before you go, could you swap out the batteries in my recharger? These ones are running pretty low."

He pulled the rechargeable batteries out of his Gameboy, pushing them out of the box, and Kiba sighed before taking them.

"Sure thing," he replied, happy to help the younger boy.

*****

"I understand you've grown strong enough to command Gasper now," Zeoticus murmured, and Rias smiled.

"I have, though the extent to which he follows those commands still leaves a lot to be desired," the crimson-haired beauty replied.

"You know better than most that it will simply take time," Venelana whispered. "Prior to Harry, I don't think you had ever taken anyone into your peerage who wasn't rather damaged. You've always had a thing for wounded birds."

"Wow, that is…" Harry went to say, staring down at the cake.

"Amazing, huh?" Akeno asked. "The recipe Rias found has apparently been in the British royal family for decades. A chocolate Genoese sponge cake, sandwiching layers of chocolate ganache, and covered in even more ganache. My mouth has been watering since I first laid eyes on it."

"Oh, it looks gorgeous," Harry smiled, "but I was referring to the candles. Your idea, Sirius?"

"It does seem like something I'd come up with, but no," Sirius replied. "Incredibly lifelike."

"And based on a pair I know so very well," Harry thought to himself, gazing down at the pair of candles stuck in the cake, each of which was shaped like one of Rias' breasts. The white wax breasts looked like they were floating on a sea of chocolate, the nipples each having a short, two inch wick sticking out of them.

"It was Sirzechs' idea," Rias sighed. "Grayfia had already created them before word of it reached me and I figured since she'd put the work in…"

"They are remarkably accurate," Luna smiled.

"Indeed," Sona murmured. Handing him a meticulously wrapped present, she added, "Happy birthday, Harry."

"Oh, thank you, Sona," Harry said, feeling the sizable box and wondering what was in it.

"Happy birthday," Seekvaira said, handing him a gift-bag overflowing with tissue paper while she kept her gaze on his lips, not quite meeting his eyes.

"Thank you so much," Harry smiled, not having expected anything from her.

"Now, let's begin," Venelana called out, drawing everyone's attention to her. "Harry, when Rias first brought you here last winter, I could not have imagined that you'd have ended up having as profound an impact on her as you have. Today she is stronger, more capable, more focused, and happier than I can ever remember her being, and you are responsible for so much of that change. You will also be part of our family formally soon, something I am more than pleased by, so believe me when I wish you a truly happy birthday that I mean it sincerely."

"Indeed," Zeoticus asked as Harry swallowed, moved by her short little speech. "You've made our little girl very, very happy, but more than that, you have, over these past several months, helped her greatly along the path to becoming the sort of devil we always knew she could be. May this be the first of thousands of happy birthdays you spend with her."

"Thank you, both of you," Harry said, his voice strained by emotion.

"Don't thank us yet," Zeoticus replied, grinning wickedly. "You haven't gotten our present yet."

"That can come in a moment, though," Venelana grinned, and he wondered what they had done that they seemed so oddly pleased with. With a wave of her hand, the breast-shaped candles lit and Harry walked towards the cake, with just a single wish in mind.

"Let there be day, not too far from now when my loved ones and I can live in peace, our enemies destroyed and our safety assured," he thought to himself as he blew them out.

They disappeared the moment the fires went out and thick slices of cake started flying out towards waiting plates. A tray filled with a towering stack of champagne glasses appeared next to the cake, and Harry chuckled at how absolutely different this was from any other birthday he'd ever had.

"Oh, wow," Sirius groaned as he tasted the cake, and Harry absolutely agreed the next second as he did.

"We should rob royal houses of their recipe books more often," Venelana commented as she tried it and Zeoticus chuckled.

"We technically have all of them," he smiled.

Few other spoke over the next few minutes, focused as they were on devouring one of the greatest cakes any of them had ever had, and Harry eagerly floated over a glass of champagne to wash it down with the moment he finished. He spotted Rias looking at him and smiled as she beckoned him over towards a small table where a number of presents had been stacked. With a wave of his hand, he unwrapped them all and cocked an eyebrow as he looked at some of them.

"I got you a chess set I enchanted to teach you the game," Sona replied as he opened the heavy wooden box she'd handed him and pulled out one of the ornate metal pieces.

"Thank you," Harry smiled. "I've played before, but I was never terribly good at it."

"We also haven't found the time for me to teach you," Rias muttered.

"We might have a quiet few weeks someday," Harry chuckled, pulling Seekvaira's gift out of the bag she'd put it and cocked an eyebrow as he saw it was a rather thin notebook.

"I noticed you looking at Sairaorg at the ball the same way Sona here looks at math problems she can't immediately figure out and asked him to jot down his workout routine," she replied, and he laughed.

"Thanks, Seekvaira," Harry chuckled, picking up Fleur's gift and pulling out a gold medallion.

"Open it," the Veela purred, and he did so, only to snap it shut immediately, making her giggle. "For any nights we might spend apart, mon amour."

"Oh, is that why you wanted to take naked pictures of us?" Luna asked, and Sirius snorted. "I thought it was just for fun."

"Thank you, Fleur," Harry smiled, pocketing the medallion before turning to the small chest that had come from both Hermione and Luna.

"This is something we worked on together," the brunette explained.

"My other gift, you'll get later," Luna added, her silver eyes alight with mischief.

Harry furrowed his brow as he opened the chest and looked surprised when he pulled out a single match lying atop what looked like a small mountain of clothes.

"You dress better than you used to, but your wardrobe is still rather limited, so we decided to fix that," Hermione explained.

"The match is for your cousin's old things, which I know you still haven't thrown out," Luna added, and he snorted.

"I have been rather busy," Harry chuckled as Sona and Seekvaira both gave Rias a querying look.

"I may or may not have given them a little input on that," Akeno chuckled as she saw him open her gift, his brow furrowing in confusion as he saw the small leather book with 'massage coupons' written on the cover.

He opened up the book, and his confusion was quickly replaced by desire as he saw the many, many pictures of her in skimpy outfits alongside the descriptions of what she'd be doing to him if he went with it.

"You can be so stressed out sometimes, baby," Akeno purred, cupping his cheek. "I thought that some really, really good massages might be exactly what you need now and then."

"You do have magic hands," Harry whispered, and she grinned wickedly at him.

Kiba and Koneko both got him a selection of Japanese chocolates, which he appreciated, and while it might have seemed more impersonal, he wasn't exactly close to either of them yet, so he understood that. When he picked up the final gift, though, an envelope containing a single piece of paper, he wondered what exactly Rias and her parents had gotten him, his curiosity intensifying when he saw that there was but a single word written on the sheet.

"Revenge?" he asked.

"One of the greatest gifts of all when done properly," Rias grinned wickedly. "We won't go into detail here, but I know what your relatives were like to you, and as I pondered what to get you, it occurred to me that we haven't paid them back yet."

"What did you do?" Harry asked, smiling slightly at the sheer malice he could feel emanating from his fiance.

"Rias came to us with an idea, and it was one I quite instantly enjoyed," Zeoticus replied. "It took very little on our part, as we just had to reach out to the owner of a certain company and see if he was willing to sell."

"A company?" Harry asked, "what...Grunning's?"

"Walter Grunning is getting on in years, and neither of his children seemed fit to take over for him, so we made him an offer," Venelana replied, "one which he accepted."

"I'm sorry, I'm confused," Sirius replied. "What's Grunning's?"

"A drill manufacturing company," Zeoticus replied. "One which will be yours a few years from now, and which I'll run in trust for the time being."

"My uncle works there," Harry said, already deeply amused, and Sirius barked a laugh.

"Ah, so you can fire the prick," he said. "Nice."

"Fire him?" Zeoticus asked. "Oh, no, no. That would be amateurish."

"The sale isn't going to happen for a few more months, and we convinced Walter Grunning to hold off on telling anyone there for a while," Venelana replied. "You two will be accompanying us to their holiday party this year, where the sale will be announced and we'll have a chance to meet our new employees."

"They'll learn that Harry's your son-in-law there," Hermione breathed.

"Firing him would be a simple thing, a one-time heavy blow," Zeoticus explained. "Having him learn that the nephew he so despises has married into a wealthy family, one that now owns the company he works for, will be a two-pronged assault on his psyche. He'll seethe in rage about it at first and then instantly become terrified that his job may be in peril, a fear I plan to stoke periodically for our amusement."

"That, Harry, is revenge," Venelana grinned.

"What do you think?" Rias asked. "I know it seems more like a Yule gift, but I wanted your anticipation for seeing the looks on their faces when they see you to build over the next few months.

"Remind me not to piss any of you off," Sirius mumbled under his breath.

"I love you," Harry replied, kissing her deeply as the rest of their guests grinned.

"I got you this," Sirius said as he let her go, pulling a large notebook from his mokeskin pouch. "I can't wrap things to save my life, and with both Dobby and Kreacher less obedient than they used to be…"

"You could have asked me to get them to do it, or to do it for you myself," Hermione reminded him.

"What is...is that Dad's handwriting?" Harry asked.

"There's some of mine and Remus' in there too," Sirius replied. "It's our old book of prank ideas. Your father contributed more to it than either of us and while I know you have a copy of it in here somewhere, I thought the original might mean more. Flip to the end."

Harry did and smiled as he saw a picture of his father with Sirius and Remus, smiling and laughing at something. They looked a little younger there than he was."

"Took me a while to find one that the rat wasn't in," Sirius muttered.

"Thank you," Harry breathed, hugging him. "All of you, thank you. I can honestly say this is far and away the greatest birthday I've ever had."

"It's not over yet," Venelana smiled. "Enjoy yourselves, and if you need anything, don't hesitate to ask the servants."

"Oh, Mother, did you get a chance to meet with Lord Zekram?" Rias asked.

"That's where I was just now," Venelana replied. "It was Zekhail who found the minions. He apparently became rather obsessed with the Apocalypse Dragon for a time, though if he found anything, it was lost with him."

"He died?" Harry asked.

"Some time ago," Venelana sighed. "Zeoticus and I have a few things we need to go over, but we'll see you all again later for the feast."

"Well, that answers that question," Harry muttered as they both left, having hoped that whoever found the minions was still alive.

"Hey, no pouting on your birthday," Rias said, hugging him.

"Right," Harry replied, shaking his head.

"Now, I thought about fun things we could do together and came up with a few ideas, but first, I think you might both enjoy and benefit from a mock Rating Game," Rias grinned. "Sona and I will divide up who we have here and go out onto the grounds."

"Sounds great to me," Harry grinned.

"Forgive me if I sit this particular one out," Sirius chuckled.

*****

"I am stuffed," Harry sighed hours later as he sat down on Rias' bed. "Your chefs outdid themselves."

"I made sure they did all your favorites, love," Rias smiled, kissing his cheek and joining him. "We have one more present for you to enjoy, and the others have already gone back to the Rookery for it."

"Oh, right!" Harry exclaimed, standing up. "I completely forgot about the moon."

"I have kept you wonderfully distracted today," Rias purred. "Come. Our own little moon is probably quivering with anticipation right now."

She took his hand and opened a magic circle formed around them. A moment later, they reappeared right past the entrance to the Rookery, and Harry spotted Sirius stumbling upstairs.

"You okay?" he asked, and the older man chuckled.

"Better than I'll be in the morning," Sirius sighed. "It's been some time since I've had champagne, and I forgot how much I liked it."

"You have a hangover potion on hand, right?" Harry asked.

"On the side table," Sirius nodded. "Night, Harry."

"Goodnight, Sirius," Harry sighed, smiling as he watched his godfather go upstairs.

"Your new servant awaits," Rias grinned, opening the door to the ritual room, and Harry grinned, walking inside.

"Harry," Luna smiled as soon as she spotted him, her voice breathy. She sounded like she was already dripping wet, and he chuckled when he saw she was already in the ritual circle.

"Eager are we?" Harry asked, grinning widely, and she shivered at his tone.

"I've wanted to be yours, truly yours, for so long," Luna purred. "Having you take my throat, pussy, and ass over and over again, reshaping my holes to fit you and you alone, has been wonderful, but with the master-servant contract, we can go further."

"Fucking hell, Luna," Harry groaned, feeling his cock harden rapidly at her words.

It wasn't just the filthy things she was saying that got to him, but how utterly innocent she sounded while she spoke them. She was far from innocent, he knew, but she'd always sounded like that, all the way back to when they first met.

"I'm sorry," Harry remembered saying as he held Luna in his arms, having bumped into and barely caught her.

"It's okay," Luna replied. "I always wondered what it would be like to be a golden snitch, and now I know."

He smiled at the memory, walking inside the ritual circle and noticing that Hermione and Akeno were sitting off to the side, watching with smiles on their faces. As Rias joined them, he turned back to Luna, seeing her big silver eyes gazing up at him lovingly. It had been she who sent him on the crazy journey he'd been on over the last several months. If not for her giving him the book that she had, none of this would have happened. He wouldn't have met Rias, wouldn't have learned about the horcrux in his scar, wouldn't have met the other devils and wouldn't have defeated Voldemort. He'd have probably ended up burned, dismembered, and swallowed into the belly of a dragon.

"I hope you're thinking about good things at least," Luna whispered, and he chuckled.

"I was thinking about what my life would have been like if you hadn't come into it, so no, definitely not," Harry replied, and she took his hand in her own.

"You never need to think about that again," Luna whispered. "I'm yours, now and forever."

She kissed him, and he returned it hungrily until Fleur cleared her throat.

"Reluctant as I always am to interrupt a passionate embrace, I must insist we begin," she said, and they both smiled, stepping back into their places in the circle.

Fleur held out her hands, and Harry immediately felt the power of the ritual circle begin to swirl around him. This was so much easier with her being a devil than it ever was before. She didn't need to rely on her wand, for one thing, and as she was so much more powerful than she'd been when she did the first ritual, she managed to empower the runes inscribed around the edge of the circle much more quickly.

"Now," she said the moment it was done, and Harry and Luna reached out to the magic in the circle, feeding it with their own. Red and silver streaks began to appear in it, the light and power flowing from their hands, until they were completely in tune with it.

"Harry, Luna, do you both wish to form this master-servant contract and thereby bind your souls together?" Fleur asked.

"I do," Luna said, her voice thick with emotion.

"I do," Harry said at the same time, smiling down at the beautiful blonde.

"Luna, take my hand," Fleur commanded, and she did so, her smile growing as she began to feel the ritual working.

She launched into the familiar chant, conducting the ritual to bind their souls together with far greater confidence than she had the last couple times. Luna gasped when she felt the warmth envelop her, and Harry just smiled, anticipating it by then. The same joy he'd felt coming from Rias, Fleur, and Akeno when they undertook this, he felt come from Luna, and as golden light filled the circle, he swore he'd never tire of this. It ended a moment later, and Fleur pulled back.

"The moment the circle appears on Harry's hand, kiss it," she said, and Luna nodded, her eyes not leaving his right hand.

It appeared after a moment, and she grabbed his hand, her own shaking slightly; she was so excited, and she happily pressed her lips to it, feeling the ritual conclude.

"Congratulations, Luna," Hermione called out, well aware that, while she didn't particularly want to do this ritual, the blonde had wanted it for a while.

"Yes, congratulations," Akeno and Rias said in unison, happy for Luna.

"Happy birthday, Harry," Luna beamed. "You're a jerk."

"What?" Harry asked, looking down at her in confusion.

"That didn't work" Luna muttered, tapping her chin. "Oh! You have a very small penis, and you're bad at sex. Why isn't it working?"

"Lu...Luna, are you trying to trigger the punishments of the bond?" Harry asked as Fleur giggled.

"I want to know how it feels," Luna explained. "I thought just insulting you would do it, but I think the fact I know those things aren't true and I don't mean them is getting in the way. Could you order me to suck your cock?"

"If you're sure," Harry chuckled, shaking his head. "Suck my cock, Luna."

Luna shivered at how he sounded saying that, his deep, rumbling voice making her pussy clench around nothing and she was instantly tempted to drop to her knees and worship him, but she took a step back instead.

"No," Luna replied. "No, I don't...oh!"

"We're all so lucky you're a good guy, Harry," Hermione muttered, watching Luna flush immediately as a blood-red collar appeared on her neck.

"None of us would enjoy putting ourselves in his power like this if we didn't know he'd never abuse it," Akeno said. "At least not without us begging him to."

"Wow, my vagina feels like it's on fire," Luna gasped, backing up until her back was pressed against the wall. "No wonder you like it so much, Akeno."

"It's so intense," Akeno purred. "It's like being high on some sort of sex drug. Your body heats up, you soak your panties almost instantly, and after a few moments, the only thing you can think of is how much you need to cum and how much you need your master's touch. You know, Hermione, if you wanted to try it out for a month…"

"If I wanted to feel what it's like, I could just do a sensation-linking charm sometime," Hermione replied. "Not only am I not nearly submissive enough to seek this out, but I don't know if putting myself under another's power so completely would have an impact on my control of the minions, and I really don't want them leaving and seeking someone worse than me."

"Fair enough," Akeno replied, watching as Harry approached a quivering Luna and undressed her with a wave of his hand.

"You're so wet," he rumbled, grabbing her by the throat and ghosting his fingers over one of her wet inner thighs, making her gasp and moan.

"It's so...so good," Luna whimpered. "I can feel my pussy clenching almost constantly, so terribly desperate for your big, thick cock to fill it. I'm dripping so much, I'll soak the floor if I stay here much longer, and my clit is in a near-constant state of throbbing. I think the slightest touch would make me cum."

"Is that so?" Harry grinned, moving his fingers higher and higher until he was a hairsbreadth away from her slick folds before moving it up to curl around the back of her head, making her shudder.

"Please, Harry," Luna begged. "Please fuck me."

"What do you call me, Luna?" Harry asked and she gasped.

"If I use the m-word, it all ends, and I desperately want to be fucked in this state," Luna replied, flying up out of his grasp and twisting around before pressing her back against his chest and sighing happily when he wrapped his arms around her. "I've been a bad, bad girl, Harry, and only your massive cock can fuck the bad out of me."

"We're devils now, Luna," Harry whispered, nibbling on one of her earlobes as he grasped and gently kneaded her breasts, making her mewl and moan. "I don't think I could fuck the bad out of you."

"Not with that attitude," Luna replied impishly, and he laughed, moving his arms lower until he could hook them under her knees.

"I guess we could try it," Harry grinned, "but it will take a long, long time, I'm sure."

"Fuck me, she's wet," Akeno purred, joining them and wrapping her hand around his cock, moving it until he was lined up properly. "Fuck her, Harry. Fuck the little slut's brains out like she's been dreaming about for weeks now."

"Yes, please...YES!" Luna shrieked as he pulled her down onto his cock, burying every wrist-thick inch inside her with one thrust.

He groaned at the feeling of her incredibly hot, tight tunnel, her wetness flowing down over his balls as he started bouncing her on his shaft. She stopped flying and slumped in his arms, forcing him to hold her, but she was very light, and he was more than strong enough to hold her. He fucked her hard and fast, his every brutal thrust making her scream like she was being murdered, and he conjured a mirror in front of them so she could watch. She was a vision of sin, her pale face, neck, and chest flushed red, and her breasts, which had grown so much over the past few weeks, bouncing hard. Her hair had fallen over her face, a sea of gold obscuring many of her features, and he pulled it back with his mind, grinning when he saw how nearly black her eyes were.

"Look at yourself," Harry whispered in her ear. "You look so good like this, baby, wearing nothing but a collar of light and completely consumed by desire. You'd do anything to cum right now, wouldn't you?"

"Yes!" Luna cried. "Oh, fuck, I need to cum!"

"I'm blocking it," Harry said, grinning as he watched her jaw drop and her eyes go wide.

"Wha...what?" Luna asked.

"I'm blocking your orgasm," Harry replied. "If you want to cum, Luna, you know what you have to call me."

"Oh, fuck!" Luna cried, feeling like she might weep.

Her every nerve ending was on fire, the intensity of the pressure in her core more than she'd ever known. Harry's pistoning cock had never felt better, her pussy had never been more sensitive, and her brain had never swum in such pleasure outside of orgasm before, and part of her wanted it to never end, but she needed to cum more than she needed air just then, and while she held out for a couple more minutes, drowning in the madness-inducing pleasure of it all, she knew it was too much.

"MasTER!" Luna squealed at the top of her lungs as Harry pulled back the magic keeping her from cumming, the punishment ended, and her orgasm hit her like a freight train.

She spasmed around Harry's cock so hard he slipped out of her and squirted all over the mirror, soaking it like a hose as she writhed in his arms. He managed to line himself back up despite how she was convulsing and began fucking her again even as she came harder than she ever had in her life. She swore she could feel him in her very soul, his every thrust setting her brain alight with ecstasy, and her orgasm flowed into another and another, locking her in a chain that seemed like it might go on forever. The pleasure thundered through her body in wave after soul-searing wave, rendering her mind utterly blank by the time it finally subsided and she slumped in his arms, panting for breath and feeling completely spent.

"The mirror was a good call," Rias grinned, and he turned to see all four of his other lovers looking like they were barely managing to restrain themselves from stripping down and pulling him over to them.

"I don't think any of us have ever squirted quite like that," Hermione breathed, wondering if maybe a sensation-linking spell would be a fun thing someday soon.

"Luvoo," Luna sighed, her eyes fluttering shut as she passed out, and Harry chuckled, pulling his cock from her depths and moving her around until he was holding her bridal style.

"Shall we continue this upstairs?" he asked.

"Definitely," Fleur purred.

Hours later, he sighed happily, resting on his back and running his fingers through Rias' hair as her sweat-soaked form clung to him, her face resting on his chest.

"Best birthday ever," Harry murmured.

"That was the idea," Rias sighed, still partly conscious.

Harry checked the time with a quick tempus spell, noting that it was after midnight, and said, "Fleur, are you still awake?"

"If you want another round, just fuck me as I sleep," Fleur sighed, cuddling with Hermione behind him. "Pussy or ass, I don't mind either way."

"Seeing as my birthday's over, would you care to tell me what was bothering you earlier?" Harry asked, and she froze, waking up fully immediately.

"Are you sure?" Fleur asked.

"After the month we've had, I don't know if I'll sleep unless I know what's wrong," Harry replied.

"Just tell us," Akeno sighed, kissing Luna's temple as she spooned with her.

"Your problems are our problems," Luna added, having woken up while Harry was fucking Rias against the wall earlier.

"Papa met with Healer Allard," Fleur replied. "They're all but certain that he'll live, but not all of the damage that the curse did is reversible."

"Which parts?" Harry asked, concerned.

"They fear the damage to his testicles is permanent," Fleur sighed.

"Fuck," Harry sighed. "I was afraid of that. I'm so sorry, Fleur."

"Keeping in mind that you and your mother seem more open than most children and parents, has she mentioned whether or not he can…" Hermione went to ask, and Fleur sighed.

"She doesn't need to," the blonde replied. "Veela can sense arousal and dissatisfaction in others, and I can tell it's been a while for her. If that goes on much longer, or if this does turn out to be permanent, I…"

"Could the devils help?" Luna asked.

"I can ask around, but healing the effects of dark magic is something that we can struggle with as well," Rias replied. "Our healing magic isn't perfect; if it was, sleep disease wouldn't claim so many of us. I will, if he asks for help, have him examined by the best specialists I know, but I can't guarantee anything."

"That's what I feared," Fleur sighed. "The worst part is, I can't feel sexual frustration in him at all. It really is like he has no sex drive to speak of, and if he can't satisfy Maman...they've already been through so much, but Veela can't endure prolonged periods of abstinence without going mad or worse, taking on the harpy form."

"We'll figure something out," Harry sighed.

"If we had any inkling how to get what we need to make a Philosopher's Stone, that could probably help," Hermione sighed.

"I'm still annoyed by what we learned earlier from Venelana." Harry groaned. "Learning that there was another person we knew of who had touched one of the Apocalypse Dragon's scales made me wonder if we could actually talk to them, but…"

"Zekhail died," Rias sighed.

"If we still had the damn Stone, this would be different," Harry muttered. "Losing the cloak hurt because it was my dad's, but that was the most powerful of the Hallows by far."

"You're only here because it was sacrificed," Fleur whispered, kissing him. "I wouldn't trade anything for you."

"I love you," Harry smiled, though it quickly fell as he thought about the small black stone he'd owned for mere months before he lost it.

"We have everything ever written by the angels in the library too," Luna commented. "Maybe they have some ideas we could use."

"That's definitely worth a try," Hermione nodded.

"It was so easy," Harry muttered, not paying attention to them as he pictured the Resurrection Stone in his mind and gazed down at his outstretched palm. "I could have just turned it three times in my hand, said Zekhail Bael, and…"

"What?" came a sudden voice, and Harry jolted up as he saw a glowing, ghostly apparition of a dark-haired man with purple eyes appear in his hand. "Where am I? What is this? Who by the Lightbringer are you?"

"Uh, did Harry actually fuck my brains out, or is there a little glowing man in his hand?" Luna asked, and the rest of them just stared in muted shock.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Jun 21, 2026
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Brawlingbard, dronmk2, Fyre and 184 others
voivode_writer
Dec 23, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 45 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Jan 6, 2026
Add bookmark
#939
"What the fuck?" Harry thought to himself, staring down at the image of what could only be Zekhail Bael in his hand.

"The Stone," Hermione breathed. "When you absorbed it…"

"He absorbed its powers?" Luna asked.

"Holy shit," Fleur chuckled.

"This is all well and good, but what in Lucifer's name is going on here?" Zekhail demanded. "One moment I was floating about in the murky depths of death itself, and then the next I find myself summoned into what looks like the aftermath of an orgy, something less pleasant without a body to join in with."

"Good evening," Rias said, sitting up and smirking when Zekhail's gaze fell to her breasts. "I'm Rias Gremory, Venelana and Zeoticus' daughter.

"They had another child?" Zekhail asked, curious. "Are you as much of a monster as Sirzechs?"

"Alas, not," Rias replied, and he chuckled.

"Probably for the best," Zekhail laughed. "If another devil not named Bael ended up as gifted with the Power of Destruction, Father's heart might have given out. How am I here?"

"I'd like to know that as well," Rias said, silencing Harry with a look. "How is it that your soul still exists? We were told that you were killed by angels; is it just not true that their light weapons destroy our souls?"

"They do," Zekhail replied. "Have you fought actual angels yet, girl?"

"I've had a couple minor encounters with fallen ones, but that's it," Rias replied, and he nodded.

"It's true that their wretched light destroys us utterly, but the thing is that we know that, and any devil worthy of existence will defend against such attacks by any means necessary," Zekhail replied. "Of course, the angels know this and can be rather...resourceful. The one who slew me got a lucky blow in with an explosive of some sort. Now, I'll ask again, how am I here?"

"As far as I can tell, I summoned you," Harry replied. "I absorbed a powerful magical artifact several weeks ago to save my life, and it seems to have had consequences."

"Can you unsummon him?" Rias asked.

"I certainly hope so," Akeno giggled. "It would be awkward having sex with a man coming out of Harry's hand."

"I wouldn't mind," Zekhail grinned, leering at her. "What house are you from, boy? To have gathered such a harem is quite impressive."

"I'm newly turned, actually," Harry replied, and Zekhail's grin disappeared.

"You were human?" he asked incredulously. "A passing fancy for yours, Rias?"

"My fiance, actually," Rias replied, her eyes narrowing, and Zekhail sneered.

"I…" he went to say when he vanished.

"Oh thank goodness," Harry replied. "I can't believe I can do that. The potential uses…"

"Can be explored at length in the morning," Rias said sharply. "I'm really tired."

"Fair enough," Harry chuckled, turning the lights out with a wave of his hand.

As he settled on his side, spooning the redhead while the others lay down around them, his mind continued to race. The conversation with Zekhail hadn't gone as well as he might have hoped, unprepared for it as he was, but if he could convince him to tell him all he knew about the Apocalypse Dragon's scales, perhaps he could find one and…

"I can practically hear you thinking," Luna whispered, pressing her lips against his back as she ran her nails through his hair. "Here you go."

"Wha…" Harry went to whisper when her sleep spell hit him, and he passed out on the spot.

*****

Harry deftly strafed to the side through the air, Grayfia's fist missing his head by less than an inch, and caught her backhanded swing with one hand. A localized shield charm absorbed the blow from the supernaturally strong woman for him, and he gripped her with all his might, twisting her arm behind her back and launching the two of them towards the ground. She landed hard, colliding with the ground with such force that had she been mortal, she'd have broken several bones, but he knew she wasn't even truly hurt, and sure enough, a moment later, she swung her head back towards him. A month ago, she'd have struck true, breaking his nose and his grip on her, but he wasn't the under-trained novice he was then, and he twisted out of the way, evading the blow.

"Surrender?" Harry asked, conjuring chains from the ground below and using them to further bind her struggling form in place.

"Impressive, Harry," Grayfia said, her generally monotone voice tinged with a hint of excitement. "You've improved."

"Well, I had a good te..agh!" he cried out, feeling a ball of pure concentrated force plunge into his lower back with all the force of a well-placed kick.

His grip on her slackened, and she broke free, flying upward and slamming him into a floating rock he was fairly sure hadn't been there a moment ago. Twisting out of his grip, she flew back and sent a barrage of destructive spells his way, and he barely managed to get out of their path in time, letting them slam the giant rock she'd clearly summoned while he had her pinned down. It shattered, and he made use of it, sending a thousand tiny stones hurtling her way with all the force of rifle rounds. Grayfia summoned a pair of shields, the first of which shattered under his barrage, and he grinned, pointing towards her with two fingers as he cast a spell he'd wanted to try for a while. A yellow beam shot out, and, sensing the power in it, Grayfia dropped her shield and strafed to the side, letting it sail past her harmlessly.

"You'll need better aim than that to beat Riser, Harry," she replied, not noticing as the beam coalesced into a ball behind her.

"Is that so?" Harry asked, and Grayfia's eyes widened just a moment before his delayed blast fireball exploded, wreathing her in flame and sending her flying towards him.

He shifted his stance, intending to strike her as she hit him, but she teleported midway and kicked him right in the middle of his back, sending him flying into the ground. Grunting in pain, he pushed himself up and jumped to his feet, turning around just in time to see her floating down towards him, her skirt so singed that much of her long, creamy legs was on display.

"Your training sessions with the guards are paying off," Grayfia announced, signaling that their spar was over. "You couldn't land a single hit on me when I first started training you."

"I remember," Harry grunted, his healing spells already dealing with the bruises and cracked bones the spar had given him. "Am I ready for Riser yet, though?"

"I wouldn't say you're ready yet, but you are making significant progress; you have weeks left before the fight, and with this mystery settled, you have more time to focus on your training," Grayfia replied.

"Right," Harry nodded, closing his eyes and breathing deeply, relaxing more and more as his heart rate slowed down.

Thinking that he was worried about the fight, Grayfia said, "If you were a normal newly turned devil, I wouldn't expect you to be able to train up to Riser Phenex's level so quickly, but you spent many months being trained by a pair of devils before you were turned. Add that to your existing combat experience, and victory is not out of the question. At the very least, I expect you to give him a far greater challenge than he expects."

"Given how arrogant he's seemed both times that we spoke, I imagine any challenge would be more than he expects," Harry chuckled. "I have quite a bit of experience fighting arrogant opponents too."

"They're the best, aren't they?" Grayfia chuckled, and he looked at her in surprise for a moment.

"The moment when they realize that they underestimated you is always pretty entertaining," Harry commented, and she grinned for a moment before schooling her features. "Sorry about your skirt, by the way."

"This is hardly the most damage my clothes have ever taken in a fight," Grayfia said dryly.

"I imagine her spars with Sirzechs all end with her clothes destroyed," he thought to himself in amusement, knowing better than to voice that particular thought. "Anyway, I should get back to the Rookery, unless you had anything else you wanted me to do."

"No, this is fine for now," Grayfia replied. "By the way, that fireball trick, though annoyingly effective with me, would do less than nothing to Riser."

"Right," Harry nodded. "I imagine ice magic will be my best bet with him."

"You've progressed enough as a fighter that I think we can start focusing on what is most likely to work with him," Grayfia murmured, running a hand through her silver hair. "Your best weapons against Riser will be psychological."

"Hmm?" Harry asked.

"Thanks to his Phenex bloodline, he can recover from most injuries almost instantly," Grayfia replied. "They can all do that, and yet Phenexes have died in battle plenty of times through the eons."

"How?" Harry asked.

"That particular power is tied to their mental strength," Grayfia replied. "Break him mentally and you will be able to break him physically."

"Which makes his ego and thin skin particularly unfortunate weaknesses for him," Harry said, and she smiled.

"Exactly," Grayfia replied. "To give you experience fighting someone whose powers are largely fire-based, I'll be bringing in someone new for you to spar with."

"I'm guessing it isn't a Phenex," Harry chuckled, and she grinned.

"They aren't the only fire specialists in the Underworld," Grayfia replied, and something about her tone made him instantly wary.

Just as he was about to ask her who she was planning to bring in, she went still.

"Sirzechs is here," Grayfia murmured. "I should go see why. Be back here tomorrow morning and we'll start the next phase of your training."

"Very well," Harry replied as she vanished in a ritual circle. Shrugging and figuring that was either nothing or no business of his, he conjured a ritual circle around himself and disappeared a moment later, reappearing in the main sitting room of the Rookery.

"Damn it," Sirius muttered, slamming the door as he entered the tower.

"What's wrong?" Harry asked.

"Oh, hey, Harry," Sirius sighed. "Haruka still seems embarrassed by us getting caught by her daughter the other day, and she wants to cool things off for a while."

"Ah, I'm sorry," Harry muttered. "Were you the first guy she'd dated since her husband died?"

"If not, pretty close," Sirius sighed. "I heard footsteps from outside too, but I didn't think anything of it at the time. If I'd just slipped away…"

"If she's this spooked by her daughter learning about you, this might have been the eventual outcome either way," Harry said, and he sighed.

"Maybe," Sirius muttered. "Uh, you have leaves glued to your head."

"And dried blood too," Harry muttered as he plucked one off and saw what had crusted it to his hair.

"You're okay, right?" Sirius asked.

"Yeah, I'm fine," Harry replied. "When you were whisked away to the Underworld, you didn't flirt with Grayfia, right?"

"I might be a bit of a dog in every sense, but I'm not stupid enough to flirt with a woman married to a guy as scary as Sirzechs Lucifer," Sirius chuckled.

"He's the more powerful one of the pair, but he's not the scarier one, trust me," Harry chuckled. "Anyway, I'm going to go shower. Are any of the girls here?"

"I'm afraid you're stuck showering alone, Harry," Sirius replied, making him snort.

"That's not actually why I was asking," Harry said.

"I'm not sure where Kiba and Koneko are, but Rias and Akeno went to check on the school, Hermione and Luna went to Hogsmeade, and Fleur went to check on her family again," Sirius replied.

"Thanks," Harry replied, flying upstairs.

"Man, I wish I could do that," Sirius muttered to himself, shaking his head.

"Alas, we have finite evil pieces," Harry murmured, having heard him. Staring down at his right hand, he said, "For now, anyway."

*****

"Thanks, Madam Rosmerta," Luna smiled as she set their butterbeers down.

"Call me Rosie, pet," Rosmerta replied. "I know you were part of the group that helped stop You-Know-Who back in June. I can't believe how close we came to disaster. Death Eaters in the school..."

She walked off, muttering to herself, and Hermione chuckled.

"Apparently the story got out into the papers," she said. "I canceled my subscription to the Prophet before we left."

"I never had one," Luna murmured, sipping her butterbeer. "Ah, I did miss this stuff."

"You're welcome to come back for it anytime, Miss Lovegood," Dumbledore murmured, joining them.

"Would you like us to order you one?" Luna asked, and he chuckled.

"No, that's quite alright," Dumbledore replied. "I tested the automatons quite extensively, Miss Granger, and I must say I am quite impressed."

"I know I was," Hermione said. "They seem pretty comparable to the mi...elves."

"They might be significantly better in numerous ways as well," Dumbledore murmured. "For one thing, the fact that they aren't actually living beings is a boon. As much as I always liked house elves and always sought to treat them well, their dependency on us as living, thinking creatures did rub more than a few muggleborns the wrong way over the decades for reasons that I eventually came to understand. Still, there was no alternative available, and the elves themselves required work to stay sane and healthy. The automatons will become very popular in very short order, I'm sure."

"That is my hope," Hermione nodded. "If you're ready to sign off on the order, then I have a contract right here."

"I will need to read this over, of course," Dumbledore nodded as she slid the rather short scroll over to him.

"Naturally, though I assure you, it is exceedingly straightforward," Hermione murmured. "Not a single mention of your soul or your firstborn."

Dumbledore chuckled at that as he unfurled the scroll.

"The latter is a complete impossibility I'm afraid," he murmured.

"Oh right, because you're...ow," Luna grunted as Hermione kicked her under the table.

Dumbledore looked over his half-moon glasses and cocked a bushy white eyebrow at them.

"The library had among its collection the journal of a certain Dark Lord you knew when you were young," Luna explained quietly, and his eyebrows shot towards his hairline.

His wand was out in an instant, and the area around their booth was silenced immediately.

"Gellert's journal?" Dumbledore asked.

"That's actually where Harry learned the spell he used to trap the Death Eaters in the great hall," Hermione replied.

"I had wondered about that," Dumbledore sighed, shaking his head. "I don't suppose I could trouble you for a copy of that journal, could I?"

"If you want," Hermione replied, wrestling internally with whether or not to ask what she wanted to. "I don't mean to pry…"

"Suffice it to say he was a brilliant young man who let his arrogance and his misguided idealism lead him down a most unfortunate path," Dumbledore sighed, turning back to the contract. "He wasn't Tom and has, in his very old age, realized his folly."

"I'll send you a copy," Luna murmured.

"Thank you," Dumbledore said softly.

As he went back to reading over the contract Zeoticus had sent her with, Hermione sipped her butterbeer and looked around. The sound of the door opening drew her attention, and she turned to see who had entered, freezing in her spot when she saw Narcissa Malfoy. She recognized the woman from her journey through her manor while controlling her son and felt instantly uncomfortable at the sight of her there. Her face was a mask of indifference, but her blue eyes couldn't hide the lingering pain and rage as she swept inside, and Hermione swallowed thickly.

"I'm sure she's a terrible person, and I shouldn't feel bad for her at all, but I would feel better about killing Malfoy if he hadn't had any living kin," she thought to herself. "He had to go, though, and deserved it for the role he played in getting my parents and Luna's father killed."

She turned away from the woman as she joined another obviously pureblood woman at her table and returned to her butterbeer.

"This is a rather extensive list of wizards and witches I'm to recommend the automatons to," Dumbledore murmured, and Luna smiled.

"Lord Zeoticus figured it would be simpler to just give you a list than make the condition something vague like 'promote whenever possible' and that you might feel more comfortable about it with the condition so plainly put in black and white," she explained.

"You also have a year to do so, so it should be quite simple," Hermione replied. "Once you've promoted them to someone on the list, the ink will turn red."

"Very well, I see no reason not to sign this," Dumbledore nodded, drawing a pen from his starry purple robes and an inkwell.

Hermione could practically feel eyes boring into her and turned to see both Narcissa and her friend looking at them curiously.

"There," Dumbledore nodded, putting his pen and ink away and rolling up the contract. "Do you need a copy?"

"It's tied to one in Lord Zeoticus' possession," Hermione replied.

"Has he entrusted this entire endeavor to you?" Dumbledore asked.

"Just this portion of it," Hermione replied. "If we can head into the castle, I'll just need to get an exact headcount of the elves, and then I can pop over to procure replacements for all of them."

"Alright," Dumbledore nodded. "Be warned, the ghosts are holding their annual practice sessions for the start of year fright, and it is quite loud. That's actually why I asked to meet here."

"They practice that?" Hermione asked, and he chuckled.

"Scaring the first years just before they're sorted is one of their favorite parts of staying here," Dumbledore replied. "They get so excited around this time in August each year that they seem almost lively."

"They were very good my first year," Luna smiled.

"Well, this won't take long," Hermione said, and Dumbledore canceled his silencing spell as he stood up.

As they left the pub, Hagrid happened to be entering, and he looked at them in surprise.

"I...I thought I heard you 'ad moved, long with Harry," he said.

"We have," Hermione replied. "We were just visiting to handle a bit of business. It's good to see you, Hagrid."

"Hello, Hagrid," Luna smiled.

"Good to see you too," Hagrid replied warmly. "Give my best to Harry when you see him. In his last letter, he seemed to be rather put out about something."

"He's been busy, but he's doing well, and we'll let him know you said hello," Hermione smiled.

"Thanks and take care, you two," Hagrid said. "After everything you and Harry went through here, you deserve a chance to take it easy."

As Dumbledore led them to the castle, Hermione wondered if they'd ever actually get such a chance.

*****

"Kuoh Academy had some renovations done a couple weeks ago, and I just wanted to check in and make sure that our clubroom wasn't messed up in any way," Rias explained as she sat down next to Harry on his bed.

"It didn't even look touched, thankfully," Akeno smiled, settling in on the other side. "Are Hermione and Luna back yet?"

"Not yet," Harry replied. "Fleur got back a little while ago but wanted to shower. Apparently she slipped in something sticky while visiting her family."

"No, I slipped on water while holding a jar of honey," Fleur hissed, walking in with a towel still wrapped around her head. "Cleaning charms can only do so much."

"Did you see any bruises, because I will absolutely volunteer to kiss them better," Harry quipped, and she grinned.

"I landed on my derriere, mon amour, so I didn't see anything, but it might be better if you checked for me," Fleur purred, climbing into his lap, and he chuckled, kissing her softly.

"Just to be safe, it'll probably be best if I kiss every inch of it," Harry grinned.

Fleur bit her lower lip and was about to reply to that when Hermione and Luna walked in.

"How'd…" Harry went to ask when the sound of something, or, he suspected, someone, being whacked with a stick echoed up from the main floor.

"I still don't get why the 'fix-it stick' is our best solution here," Hermione muttered.

"Dumbledore signed the contract then?" Rias asked.

"He did, and we ended up exchanging ninety-seven minions for automatons," Hermione replied.

"Dad's setting up little offices in every major magical shopping center in countries where elves were sold," Rias replied. "With the populace already on edge about them and Dumbledore recommending an easy replacement, we could have the whole population snatched up in months."

"Have you tried it again yet?" Luna asked.

"No," Harry replied. "I was planning to wait until we were all here."

"Have you tried turning invisible yet?" Luna asked.

"Oh yeah, that I can do just by willing it now," Harry replied. "I don't even need a hint of a formal spell."

He demonstrated, and for a brief moment, it looked like Fleur was straddling nothing but air.

"I'm actually using that to hide my horns and tail now," Harry said. "It's much easier, and it's...nice knowing that I still have the cloak...kind of."

"Summon him back," Rias said breathlessly, and he nodded.

As Fleur floated out of his lap and sat next to Akeno, he held out his hand, pictured the stone turning around, and said, "Zekhail Bael."

"I figured you'd call me back," Zekhail muttered. Glaring at Rias, he said, "How can you sully yourself with a simple human turned devil? You are heir to one of the pillar houses and possess the greatest gift in all of devilry. To throw that away on…"

"I'm an incubus if it helps," Harry replied, and he went silent.

"What?" Zekhail asked, and he made his tail visible, unfurling it from around his waist and letting it poke out over his shoulder. "That's not...how?"

"We honestly have no idea," Harry half-lied, not wanting to get into the subject of Rizevim. "It is what convinced Lady Venelana and Lord Zeoticus to let us marry."

"Of course," Zekhail breathed before bursting out laughing. "A living incubus that Michael and the rest of those wretched creatures don't know about. You should flood the Underworld with children as quickly as you can."

"What?" Rias hissed as the others all looked, like he was insane.

"Strike now while our enemies are unaware," Zekhail replied, ignoring the way they were looking at him. "In less than two decades you could have an army of incubi and succubi, and in a century, our numbers could more equal the Tyrant's legions."

"We'll get right on that," Harry muttered, not wanting to argue. "Listen, the reason I summoned you was…"

"Lucifer's light, I wish I could see the look on that pompous, self-righteous, golden-haired prick's face when he realizes that he failed his precious master," Zekhail laughed, not paying any attention to them.

"The Apocalypse Dragon," Harry growled, and he went still.

"Ah," Zekhail nodded. "How did you know to ask me about that?"

"Mother spoke with Lord Zekram," Rias replied, and he nodded.

"Why are you looking for information about him?" Zekhail asked.

"For the same reason you did once," Harry replied. "We've read Nicholas Flamel's journals and know that he managed to make the Philosopher's Stone because of some unknown material he found in another world."

"We also know that he reached that world quite by accident when he picked up a large red scale that we figured, from the description, came from the Apocalypse Dragon," Rias added.

"You're correct about that," Zekhail nodded. "When my sister started to show signs of Sleeping Sickness centuries ago, Father and I both tried desperately to cure her. He tried honing his abilities in a way that might let him destroy the source of the sickness, though we failed to isolate it, so that didn't end up being possible. I tried searching for the then possessor of the Sephiroth Graal Longinus, though to no avail, and after we exhausted those and a number of other options, we thought that perhaps we could use the Philosopher's Stone in some way. When we learned that it was inextricably bound to Flamel, not wanting to trust a human with something this vital, and seeing that he was reluctant anyway, we sought to make our own, which he helped us with freely."

"Presumably because he wanted to see if it might be possible to find another path to that world," Hermione murmured.

"That's possible," Zekhail replied. "I searched for decades for information on the Apocalypse Dragon and learned much, eventually managing to track down one of his scales, but it was all for naught. Rather than the world that Flamel described, I was taken to one entirely different. It was more like Earth had been a few centuries earlier, but stranger, and the area I came across was ruled over by an entity they called the Overlord. I ended up slaying him and took his army of gremlins back with me so that my journey wasn't a complete waste, but they ended up being more trouble than they were worth."

"So we heard," Rias interjected before anyone else could. "Did you continue to research the dragon and his scales?"

"I did," Zekhail replied. "Magna died not long after I returned from that strange world, and Father lost all interest in the project, but I remained determined to learn more about them. I discovered that the great red dragon only sheds his scales at around a rate of one every few decades, and few of them ever reach Earth. I searched for over two centuries to find another one, and I managed."

"Did you learn anything from it?" Hermione asked, curious.

"I learned that they're a waste of time," Zekhail hissed. "The one I found was isolated in the jungle somewhere near the Portuguese colony known as Brazil."

"Out of curiosity, when did you die?" Hermione asked.

"By the Roman calender, seventeen hundred and ninety-three," Zekhail replied. "Why?"

"Just curious," Hermione replied. "Please, go on."

"I knew that I couldn't touch it without running the risk of it taking me to another random world, so I ran what tests I could from a distance," Zekhail said. "I even tossed a few animals at it to see if it would transport them away and learned that it only reacted to those of above-animal intellect. Eventually, out of other ideas, I tried to see if it would take you to a specific world if you focused on it hard enough and tried to picture the world Flamel had described in as much detail as I could recall. For a moment, I thought it worked, for this world did have the sort of glass and steel towers that he'd described, but I quickly learned that it wasn't the exact world. Nothing of this Argent Energy he mentioned seemed to exist, and, in fact, it seemed almost mundane at first."

"Argent Energy?" Harry asked.

"They called it silver though it wasn't," Hermione recited from the journal they'd read months earlier. "The Latin word for silver is…"

"Argent," Harry nodded. "Right."

"Almost mundane?" Rias asked.

"As I walked about one of these odd glass cities during the day, it seemed like there was nothing but humans around," Zekhail replied. "As day turned to night, though, I learned that it was full of vampires, and there were apparently demons too, for when one of them tried to attack me and learned that that was a very, very bad idea, that's what he called me. I tortured enough information out of him to know that they had a society even more complex than that of the vampires of our world were divided into clans, which all had very different powers. I had just learned that this particular one was from a clan called Brujah when the scale brought me back here."

"So the scales aren't particularly useful, I take it?" Fleur asked, feeling disheartened.

"Almost useless," Zekhail nodded. "Flamel's success was a fluke, a nearly unrepeatable bit of incredibly improbable luck. Had it taken him to any other world in all of existence, he never would have succeeded where every other alchemist failed. His Stone was just a theory, something that magicians believed might be possible, but which none ever managed to complete until him. In the end, it was only ever made possible by this odd soul energy from another world, a world I have no idea how to even make contact with."

"I see," Harry sighed. "Well, thank you for answering our questions."

"You have the potential in you to completely rewrite the great conflict, boy," Zekhail declared. "A race of fertile devils could more than take the fight to the bastards that killed me."

"As I said, we'll work on it," Harry replied. "Goodbye."

"I…" was all Zekhail got out before he vanished.

"So the Philosopher's Stone really is outside our grasp," Rias grumbled. "I'm sorry, Fleur. I asked Agrippa to check in on your father, but I haven't yet heard how that went."

"He didn't think that there was much the devils could do," Fleur replied, "but there might be someone else who can."

"Oh?" Luna asked.

"Mama's been asking around to see if there are more specialized healers out there who might be of assistance ever since we broke the curse, and she thinks she might have found someone," Fleur replied. "Funny enough, they're in Japan."

"Really?" Hermione asked.

"Where?" Rias asked.

"Kyoto," Fleur replied. "There's apparently a magical wellness center there that specializes in helping people recover from the effects of particularly dark curses."

"What's it called?" Ria asked, curiously.

"Taiyo, or something along those lines," Fleur replied. "The man who runs it is named Arashi Yamamoto, a wizard who's been practicing healing magic for about forty years or so. She heard about it by complete chance."

"Oh?" Harry asked, furrowing his brow in concern.

"Two patients in the hospital my father was treated at were discussing a German auror they'd heard of who went there for treatment," Fleur replied. "She'd gone to speak with Healer Allard to see if he had any recommendations and got to chatting with the patients. Papa's already leaned on a couple retired aurors he knows to investigate it and make sure that it actually exists and is as good as they made it sound, and if it checks out, it might be an option. I talked them into waiting for Agrippa's tests to come back first, and I think they genuinely agreed that the devils were their best first option, but if it turns out that we can't do much, Papa seems at least interested in this Taiyo place."

"What would that mean for your family, though?" Harry asked. "Japan is rather far away from France, and while magical transportation is faster than muggle transportation…"

"Papa's considering retirement," Fleur sighed. "Maman thinks it would be for the best after everything, and he seems more willing than I would have ever expected."

"I know he's stubborn, but this kind of brush with death can put things into perspective for even the most intractable people," Harry commented.

"Mama even wrote to Mahoutokoro to inquire about their curriculum," Fleur said, and they all looked at her in surprise.

"They're considering not sending your sister to Beauxbatons?" Hermione asked.

"If they do end up seeking treatment in Japan, neither one of them would want to be so far away from Gabrielle," Fleur replied. "With Papa's connections, they could get language charms easily enough, and...it would not be difficult to convince her to study somewhere closer to 'Arry."

"Where is it again?" Harry asked warily.

"South Iwo Jima," Hermione replied.

"That's actually quite a distance from here," Rias chuckled. "I promise to keep you safe from your cute little stalker, Harry."

"My knight in shining armor," Harry snarked, and they all giggled, save for Fleur, who rolled her eyes.

"Does Mahoutokoro take foreign students?" Luna asked.

"They have the smallest enrollment of any magical school in the world, and the Delacours could afford to pay them well, so I doubt it will be a problem," Hermione replied.

"It does seem like an odd coincidence that your mother would just happen to overhear people discussing a treatment center in Japan of all places while in a hospital in France," Akeno said warily. "Do you want to check this Taiyo place out tomorrow?"

"We could all go," Rias smiled. "I've been wanting to show you Kyoto for ages. I swear it's the most beautiful city in the world."

"Thank you," Fleur smiled. "I was going to ask. After the last month, I'm wary of anything that seems even slightly off."

"Understandably," Harry rumbled. "We'll go together. Now, is there anyone else you'd like me to call on?"

"You have to summon your dad for Sirius," Hermione murmured, and he sighed.

"I do," Harry replied. "I wish I could just lend him the stone as I would have if it still existed physically, since I'm sure he's going to have mixed feelings about speaking to my dad with me in the room, but there's nothing I can do for it."

"I guess he would generally prefer to keep that private, but like you say, it is what it is," Hermione shrugged. "We could summon Nicolas Flamel and see if he knows anything more than he wrote down and told Zekhail."

"I doubt he does," Rias murmured, "and if there are potential treatment options for Sebastian, then creating a Philosopher's Stone isn't critical at the moment."

"If it could be used to cure Sleeping Sickness, though, that would be reason enough in itself to try and make one," Harry murmured, "not to mention the possibility of turning stones into the crystals Ajuka needs to make the evil pieces."

"I can't imagine how comically furious my aunt would be if we pulled that off," Rias grinned, still wanting to pay the woman back for the stunt she pulled at her ball. "You heard what Zekhail said about the scales, though. They just don't seem like a viable option."

"Maybe the library has something we could use," Luna suggested. "It's not impossible to think that someone out there might have found a way to open portals to other worlds, perhaps with more control than the Apocalypse Dragon's scales would give us. There is one name that I'd like to speak with, though. One I'm surprised none of you have mentioned yet."

"Who?" Harry asked.

"Leviathan," Luna smiled, and their eyes all widened.

"I really should have thought of that," Rias muttered, slapping her head.

"In all our defense, it's been less than a day since we learned we could still talk to the dead," Hermione said, shaking her head. "There's no guarantee that we'll be able to reach her, of course, but if she wasn't killed by angelic light, she could still exist."

"Of course," Harry nodded, cautious excitement blooming in his chest at the thought of talking to Leviathan. "From the start, we haven't really known what I am or what I can really do."

"She left no notes behind, so everything she knew about incubi and succubi died with her," Akeno murmured.

"I just hope she's as enthusiastic about what you are as Zekhail was," Hermione muttered. "Until you said the word incubus, he was plainly unhappy about the fact that you were human."

"Lord Zekram is one of the most traditional voices in the Elder Council," Rias said. "It doesn't shock me that his son was the same."

"Leviathan is about as old as Zekram," Harry commented, holding out his hand. "Still, I suppose it's worth a try."

He pictured the stone in his hand, turning around three times, and spoke her name as he felt the increasingly familiar power well in him. The small glowing image appeared a moment later, and his breath hitched at the sight of her. She was tall in life, he would wager, and curvaceous. Dressed in a surprisingly form-fitting purple gown, her full breasts, narrow waist, and wide hips were plainly displayed, as was a very generous amount of cleavage. Her long white hair tumbled over her shoulder in soft waves, parted by the four curving horns that jutted out of her head, and she ran her fingers through it as she opened her glowing pink eyes and smirked at him.

"Took you long enough," she said teasingly, and he furrowed his brow in confusion.

"What?" Harry asked.

"You absorbed that useful little stone weeks ago and have known what you were that entire time," Leviathan replied, her soft, melodious voice sounding slightly disappointed. "I honestly hoped that this would occur to you sooner."

"How...how did you know about any of this?" Harry asked. "Do you know what Rizevim did to me?"

"No," Leviathan replied, scowling. "Death does not give one omniscience, and while I have a few theories, none of them would do you any good. I know what I know because I've been watching you ever since you first awakened your incubus nature by deflowering Rias here."

"So you've seen...everything?" Harry asked.

"Your failures, your triumphs, your growing harem," Leviathan grinned. "When are you going to stuff that cute little cat girl full like she so desperately wants you to, by the way?"

"That's what I keep asking," Luna beamed. "Your eyes are very pretty, Lady Leviathan."

"Thank you," Leviathan cooed.

"So can you tell me more about what I am? Do you know where Rizevim is?" Harry asked.

"To answer your second question first, I do, but I won't tell you," Leviathan replied, making him scowl. "Don't give me that look. I'm not letting the last hope of my race go off on a suicide run. Train with the most powerful devils you know and take full advantage of the gifts of your incubus nature, and you will exceed him in time," Leviathan grinned.

"What gifts?" Harry asked. "We figured that I might grow stronger through sex, but I have yet to notice anything that would suggest that's true."

"That's because you're just fucking them, darling," Leviathan chuckled. "You're not feeding."

"Feeding?" Rias asked.

"Everyone strip naked," Leviathan instructed. "This sort of thing requires a practical demonstration."

"Okay," Luna replied, willing her clothes to leave immediately as the rest of them shook their heads.

"I'm not going to hurt them, am I?" Harry asked.

"You could," Leviathan replied. "The true power of an incubus or succubus is their ability to drain their sexual partners of energy. If you took that ability to its fullest extent, you could leave the woman or man you were fucking a withered husk on the brink of death."

"That's horrible!" Hermione exclaimed, and Leviathan giggled.

"Oh, I assure you, they wouldn't mind," she purred. "Someone subjected to an incubus' lusts to that extent would know nothing but the most intense pleasure imaginable in their final moments. Twitching and quivering in shock and ecstasy, their last seconds of life would seem to extend on forever, leaving them floating in bliss itself until peace took them. You, of course, won't take things even close to that far here."

"How can I be sure of that?" Harry asked, fear gripping his heart.

"Because your ability to feed isn't like that of the vampires my creations were so often compared to in my day," Leviathan replied. "When you take one of these gorgeous girls in the way I'm about to teach you, you'll hold their lives in your hands and know them on a level you can't yet fathom. You could no more accidentally take more from them than you intend to than you could accidentally place and hold your hand on a red-hot sheet of iron. In your case, though, you'll have even more reason to be confident in yourself because of that delightful little pact ritual you stumbled across."

"Because sex between us once the contract is activated empowers us," Rias guessed, and she nodded.

"I could not tell you how much it burned me to read through that ritual and know I didn't come up with it," Leviathan scowled. "It's brilliant, utterly brilliant, and if you ever find a way to visit the world your library plucked that scroll from, be sure to look around carefully."

"Do you have any idea how we might visit other worlds?" Luna asked, and she shook her head.

"In my lifetime, I never learned that there were more worlds than Earth, Heaven, and our world," Leviathan replied, shaking her head. "You are a resourceful bunch, though, and I wouldn't be surprised if you figured it out."

"Try it with me," Rias replied. "I'm the strongest one here, and the others can pull you off if you go too far."

"You really want me to?" Harry asked.

"Harry, you're stuck fighting Riser in a few weeks," Rias muttered, "and you're only in that position because of me. If this can make you stronger, I'm willing to take the risk."

"She really will be fine, I assure you," Leviathan said. "My Azrael never hurt me the countless times we did this."

"Azrael?" Hermione asked.

"The firstborn of my incubi," Leviathan said wistfully. "My strongest son."

"Wait, your son?" Akeno asked, and she giggled.

"Once Harry's fully embraced his nature, you'll understand why I couldn't resist," Leviathan grinned. "Incubus sex is more addictive than I could ever explain to someone who hasn't experienced it. I was so sure that he'd be the one to seduce Gabriel, to bring the Tyrant's favorite daughter low and make her a desperate little slut, willing to rip out her blackened wings if that's what it took to feel his touch again. Alas, we never got the chance."

None of them said a word in response to that, and Harry just wondered if perhaps Serafall was more suited to the ancient devil's mantle than he'd realized.

"I'm going to have to apologize in advance because if I fuck Rias with you still here, your head is likely going to end up right in her ass," Harry said, and she chuckled.

"It would hardly be the first time I had my face buried between a woman's cheeks, Harry," Leviathan shrugged. "It might be possible to pull me back, though."

"How?" Harry asked, and she rolled her eyes.

"I don't know how the Stone works per se," she replied. "It was Hades' creation, but if it works as I suspect it does, you could theoretically, rather than close the connection you've opened, just draw it back so I stop sticking out of your hand like this."

"Okay, just give me a second," Harry replied, closing his eyes and looking inward.

He entered his mindscape, something he hadn't done since Voldemort's soul shard was destroyed, and immediately felt the urge to slap himself in the head as he did so. Like the horcrux, he could feel the presence of the Stone and was sure that if he looked hard enough, he'd sense the cloak and wand too. Unlike the piece of Voldemort's soul, the Resurrection Stone didn't feel like it was haphazardly grafted onto his own soul, but rather like it was truly part of him, and as he reached out to it, he tried to do as Leviathan had suggested, pulling the connection to her back rather than closing it off.

"She's gone," Luna announced, and he opened his eyes, glaring at his hand as he noticed nothing was there.

"I'll have to try agai…" he went to say when he was interrupted.

"Do you hear me?" Leviathan asked in his mind.

"Yes," he replied. "You're still here?"

"I am indeed," Leviathan replied.

"Harry?" Hermione asked.

"She's in my head," Harry replied. "Man, it's weird to actually be pleased by that."

"Well, you did eventually turn the bit of Voldemort in there to your advantage," Rias grinned, and he chuckled.

"You're not wrong," Harry replied. "So what do I do?"

"Strip naked first, and then I want you to close your eyes," Leviathan instructed. Once he'd done so, he said, "There exists at the core of your very being a wellspring of lust that could shake the heavens. You are temptation made manifest, desire made flesh, and every single woman here wants nothing more than for you to fuck them until their minds turn to mush. Find the burning core of power at the center of your being, bathe in the sheer lustful energy of it, and then open your eyes."

Harry shrugged and tried it, returning to his mindscape.

"No," Leviathan hissed. "What you seek is not in your mind but in your soul. This isn't like when you communed with the soul fragment you had in you before, or just now when you sought to attune yourself to the power of the Stone. Dig deeper."

He scowled and let his mindscape fall away, not needing the visualization, apparently. He felt his desire, but that had become a near constant for him since long before he first slept with Rias, and he doubted that was what Leviathan meant. He sank deeper into a trance, keeping his mind utterly blank, and felt around himself for anything like what his new mentor had mentioned. She stayed silent, which he took to mean that he was on the right track, and so he continued with confidence, hoping that he'd eventually find whatever it was in his soul that she wanted him to. He lost track of time, putting everything out of his mind as he went, and was glad that he'd learned so much of meditation while he worked to force Voldemort's horcrux to teach him.

Minutes or hours later, he could not say, he began to feel a hint of frustration and tried with no success to stamp it down.

"At least when I was reaching out to the horcrux, I knew what that felt like," he thought to himself. "Of course there's a 'wellspring of lust' at the core of my being. I'm a teenager. How does that differ at all just because I'm an incubus?"

"Because your lust is a force in itself," Leviathan replied. "You've been immersed in it for the past five minutes."

"What?" Harry asked, and he jolted in his seated position when he felt what she meant.

His lustful hunger had been such a big part of him for so long that he didn't even notice how he'd reached the core of it with his mind. Surrounded by the swirling vortex of desire, he felt his cock throb and heard the others all gasp and moan in unison. Opening his eyes, he saw them all lying on the bed, and though their positions varied, their expressions didn't. They all looked hornier than he'd ever seen them, their pupils blown wide and their mouths hanging open, nearly drooling as they frantically masturbated.

"Girls?" he asked, concerned, and they all cried out.

"Careful now," Leviathan giggled. "In this state, your tongue is an even deadlier weapon than normal. Your words will stoke the flame inside them as well as feeling your tongue on their taut little clits would in this state."

"How do I control it?" Harry asked furiously, watching his lovers writhe around on the bed around him, rubbing themselves raw as they seemed to be lost in a lustful trance, blind to everything but how badly they needed to cum.

"Can you feel the connections between you?" Leviathan asked. "Given how many times you've had them, they should be clear."

"So you don't mean the master-servant pacts?" Harry asked.

"No," Leviathan replied. "Ingenious idea though that is, you don't need it to be able to feel your lovers while this close. Focus on them one by one and see if you can sense the emotional ties that bind you."

He did as he was asked, still watching them whimper and moan as their fingers danced over their slick nether lips and stroked their clits. The cacophony of moans and cries should have distracted him, he thought, but they didn't. Rather, every spark of pleasure they felt actually made it easier for him to feel them, and after a moment, he found what the ancient devil had wanted him to. Connecting each of them to him were powerful emotional ties; their love for him, their desire, and their adoration, and he could feel them all. He could feel their all-consuming lust as well and instinctively tamped that down, sighing in relief when they all went still.

"Holy shit," Akeno whimpered.

"That was...insane," Fleur gasped.

"Is that what you feel when you trigger the contract and earn a punishment?" Hermione asked.

"No," Rias replied. "That's more intense, but even it doesn't take your entire focus like that. What was that?"

"That was a hint of your true power, Harry," Leviathan replied. "Those you bond with, either formally with that contract or just emotionally by bedding them, you will, over time, develop the ability to drive wild with desire with the simplest word or the slightest caress of their souls."

"Their souls?" Harry asked, and he could practically hear her pout.

"What did you think you were playing around with here?" Leviathan replied.

"I swear I didn't even want to cum just now," Luna sighed. "The pleasure of touching myself while in that state was enough."

"They couldn't cum," Leviathan replied. "Not without your say, anyway. Rias offered to be your test subject, so put her in that state and fuck her. Once you're inside her, we'll move onto your next lesson."

"Rias, are you sure you want to…" Harry went to ask, and she placed a finger over his lips, smirking at him.

"It's sweet of you to want to make sure like this, but you don't need to," Rias replied. "I explained my reasoning, and I trust you completely. Make me your plaything for the next hour or so. I'm sure I'll enjoy it, and if it strengthens you…"

"I love you," Harry sighed, and she smiled widely, her blue eyes shimmering as she gazed into his own eyes.

"I love you too," Rias replied, wrapping her arms around his neck and kissing him hungrily.

He deepened the kiss quickly, his tongue slipping inside her mouth, and she pressed her voluptuous body against his. Wrapping his arms around her, he groaned at the sheer heat emanating from her sweltering sex and how hard her nipples felt as her massive breasts squished against his chest.

"Do it now," Leviathan instructed, and he broke the kiss, pulling back slightly and cupping one of the crimson-haired beauty's tits.

"I can feel your heart racing," he murmured, and she grinned.

"With anticipation, I assure you," Rias replied. "Having you fuck me after I trigger the contract's punishments is intense enough, but this might be far more fun."

Harry reached out to that emotional and spiritual connection between them again and smirked when he ramped up her lusts and she immediately collapsed into his arms.

"Oh, fuck," Rias moaned, her hand going straight for her pussy, and she nearly cried when he grabbed it before she could reach.

"Oh no," Harry grinned, seeing her fluids drip down along her thighs and licking his lips. "You don't get to touch yourself without permission, Princess."

"Fuck me," Akeno grinned as Rias shuddered, watching the show happily.

"I always love when he gets like this," Luna sighed, cupping her cheek, and Akeno kissed her deeply.

Harry kissed Rias possessively, his tongue plunging into her mouth, and as he reached between her legs and brushed a finger between her folds, he muffled her scream. She was soaking wet in a way that she only ever got after he'd eaten her out until she was sobbing or she triggered a punishment, and he groaned when two of his thick fingers slipped into her tight tunnel with ease.

"Please, please, please, please," Rias begged, her legs shaking so badly she had to lean on him as he slowly pumped his fingers in and out of her. "Please make me cum, Harry. I need it so badly."

"Look at her," Leviathan sighed in his mind. "A proud and haughty devil heiress reduced to a needy wreck with nothing on her mind but her desperate need for pleasure. This is what I wanted to have done to Gabriel."

"I take it she was a particular rival of yours?" Harry asked, and she snorted.

"The only one I hated more was the Tyrant himself," Leviathan replied. "This is hardly the time for history lessons, though. Push yourself inside her, and let's truly begin."

"Can't say I've ever had sex while I had an active voice in my head before," Harry muttered to himself, pulling his fingers from Rias' slit and bringing them to her lips.

She dutifully wrapped her lips around them, sucking her own fluids from the digit for a moment before he pulled them out and kissed her. She fell back on the bed immediately, wrapping her legs around his waist and frantically humping upward against his rock-hard cock, desperate for any kind of stimulation that might relieve the all-consuming need currently driving her insane. He reached down, wrapping a hand around his cock, and took a moment to line himself up before pushing forward, sinking his entire length inside her with one smooth thrust.

"Yes!" Rias screamed, clawing at the sheets behind her head as he immediately started fucking her with long, hard strokes.

Her massive mounds began to rock across her chest, jiggling with every thrust and he palmed them eagerly, kneading and massaging them as he lowered his head to wrap his lips around one of her perfect pink nipples. She was utterly soaked, possibly wetter than he'd ever felt her, and he swore she actually felt better than normal too, her hot, wet depths clinging to him like a silk glove.

"Harder! Harder! Fucking ruin me!" Rias screamed, her legs tightening around his waist as she started rocking herself up against him.

"I'm pretty sure he...oh, right there...already did," Akeno moaned, holding Luna's head lovingly as she lapped at her drooling slit.

"Yes, he...ahh...ruined us all long ago," Fleur moaned, and Harry looked to see her and Hermione together, their arms wrapped around the other as they gently ground their dripping slits against the other. The brunette captured her lips with her own, and as they made out frenziedly, he noticed just how close Hermione's bust had come to matching the Veela's.

"They have no idea what ruination is yet," Leviathan's silky voice oozed in his head. "They will, though. You're a fantastic lover for a normal man, but they will soon learn the true pleasures an incubus can bring them. Rias here got a taste that first night."

"What?" Harry asked.

"You're so fucking big!" Rias cried, her nails raking down his back as he brushed against a spot inside her that made her vision go spotty. "I'm...I'm...I'm cumming!"

"Fucking hell," Harry grunted as she started to spasm around him, clenching and unclenching over and over again.

"When you first unlocked whatever Rizevim did to you, for a brief couple of hours, you seemed to be a proper incubus already, despite your mortality," Leviathan replied. "That's what drew me to you, actually, and I watched as you fucked this desperate little slut to orgasm after screaming orgasm without a hint of a break or even a thought."

He remembered that night well. Back then, he hadn't known where it had come from, but there was a reason why, by the time Grayfia came to find Rias, she was already very, very attached to him.

"Don't stop!" Rias begged even as she panted for breath. "I still...still need."

"I know what you need," Harry growled, wrapping a hand around her throat and looking into her wide eyes, nearly black with lust.

He felt her clench around him again, a little orgasmic quiver, and grinned. Picking up her legs, he moved them to his shoulders and picked up his pace again, fucking her hard and fast. Akeno's pleasured moans grew louder as Luna sucked on her throbbing clit and pumped three fingers in and out of her pussy, and as their eyes met, she grinned.

"Sounds like Rias is having an even better time than normal," the raven-haired beauty chuckled.

"He's so fucking good!" Rias cried as her ankles crossed behind his neck. "Ahh, fucking me with your monster cock! Fuck me until I can't walk!"

"He...oh, fuck, always feels like he's in my stomach," Hermione moaned, riding Fleur's hand as she worshipped her creamy breasts. "I have no idea how he fit when I was human."

"A gift of the incubus, actually," Leviathan said. "No matter what, you will mold your lovers to fit your cock. As a side note, if that's why you haven't fucked Koneko yet, worry not. Her poor little pussy might never be same again, but you will fit safely inside her."

"I've been kind of busy lately," Harry replied, pushing Rias' legs back until she was nearly folded in half. The new position made it easier to find the deep spot he'd been searching for, and he grinned when her screams grew louder.

"There! Right there! HARRY!" Rias shrieked as she came.

"Pull out and flip her onto her front," Leviathan instructed, and he almost laughed at being directed in bed like that.

He pulled his cock from her depths as she writhed and convulsed in pleasure and flipped her onto her belly before burying it inside her again. Fucking her hard and fast, he watched as her ass jiggled and rippled every time his hips clapped against her and groaned in delight at the sight.

"Don't stop!" Rias squealed, feeling like she might actually cum again already.

"Reach out to her soul and feed her lust as much as you can," Leviathan said, and he did so, groaning when she immediately started spasming around him again.

Her screams were wordless, as though her mind could no longer come up with any, and he grunted at the pleasure of her milking him while he continued to pound her into the bed. Akeno squealed in pleasure, and he looked over to see Luna openly fingering herself while her face got soaked. Hermione came a moment later, and Fleur pushed her onto her back while she writhed, shifting her body up until she was straddling her face and then pushing her dripping slit down onto her mouth. The smell of sex permeated the room, but to Harry's senses, it went beyond that. He could feel the energy of it all, lust, desire, and ecstasy, a potent cocktail filling the entire bedroom, and he swore as he breathed it in, he felt stronger.

"Can you feel the bond?" Leviathan asked. "I ask because it's something I don't have any experience with."

"Yes," Harry replied, touching it experimentally, only to gasp when he accidentally activated it. A blood-red collar of light appeared on Rias' neck, and she let out a shriek so loud it actually hurt his ears.

"CUMMING!" the redhead squealed, clawing at the sheets so hard that she shrieked them as she felt like she was going to fly away.

She's already been drowning in arousal as intense as anything she'd ever felt in her life, and this only amplified it. The feeling of Harry's cock inside her, scraping against what felt like every nerve ending she had every time he pulled out and every time he thrust back in, became even more intensely pleasurable, and she could only thrash about as her orgasm consumed her. Wave after soul-searing wave of ecstasy thundered through her body, and as that orgasm ended, another began immediately. She couldn't even think to call him master; her mind was so numb, and so she just let herself get swept away by it.

Harry was in paradise, his cock pistoning in and out of Rias' vice-tight pussy over and over again while she came seemingly constantly. He buried his face in her sweat-soaked mane, breathing in her scent, and draped his hands over hers. The sounds of the other four having sex continued to echo through the room, but in that moment he didn't notice. Nothing existed but the woman under him, whom he seemed to be buried inside so absolutely that he could practically taste her soul.

"By the Lightbringer, feel the way her power grows," Leviathan mused, not really speaking to him. "Had we had this ritual at our disposal in my day, my incubi and succubi might have grown powerful enough to bring the Tyrant himself low. Do you feel how much stronger she's become since you activated the bond?"

Huh?" Harry asked ineloquently. "Oh."

It was a subtle thing, but she was growing stronger minutely. A single sexual encounter between them, even one as intense as this, wouldn't make her Sirzech's equal, but she was growing noticeably stronger. She had theorized that this was why she had become powerful enough to command Gasper, and being able to actually feel her strength like this, he thought she might be right.

"Draw on her energy, Harry," Leviathan commanded. "Do it now."

All hesitation he'd had before was gone in that moment, and in its place, only desire and hunger remained. He drew on her energy instinctively and gasped when he felt himself siphoning it little by little into himself. He fucked her even faster, the bed creaking so loudly under them that it sounded like it might break, not that he noticed. The others all turned and stared, feeling desire radiate off of him in waves as he fed. Their pussies became overflowing with their juices, their arousal so intense that they swore a single word from him might make them cum, but that was nothing compared to Rias' reaction.

"OH FUCK!" She wailed, cumming harder than she ever had in her life.

Nothing had ever been as intense as this in her entire life, feeling like Harry was eating out her very soul while he fed from her and she fell prone on the bed, unable to do anything other than scream and bask in the absolute ecstasy overwhelming her very being. When Harry stopped feeding a moment later, realizing that he'd taken nearly everything the bond had given her and not wanting to take any more, he came suddenly, groaning her name, and the feeling of his hot, thick cum flooding her tunnel, seemingly with far greater volume than normal, proved to be too much for her. She passed out right there, grinning from ear to ear as she panted for breath in her sleep.

"What the hell?" Harry asked as he pulled out of Rias, feeling like he was burning up.

"My turn, my turn, my…" Akeno chanted, trailing off as she saw Harry stand up and look down at himself in shock.

"What in the world?" Hermione asked.

"Wow, that was a really big cumsho...Harry?" Luna asked.

"Holy shit," Fleur gasped.

Before their eyes, he changed, his horns growing slightly longer and more curved, and his muscles thickening slightly. The most pronounced change lay lower, though, and they all felt their insides flutter as his cock grew slightly thicker and began to develop little ridges and bumps.

"You have no idea how good those are going to feel scraping against their insides when you fuck them," Leviathan shuddered.

"Why did I change?" Harry asked.

"You took the first step towards reaching your true potential," Leviathan replied. "The more you feed like this, the more you will develop as an incubus. Alongside the physical changes will come other abilities that I'll explain in time. Stick out your tongue."

"Why would I…" Harry went to ask out loud when Akeno gasped and grabbed his face.

"Stick out your tongue," she all but ordered, and he did so, making the others all gasp too.

"It's forked," Hermione breathed, shivering as she thought about the potential benefits of that.

"I think it's longer too," Luna added.

"Can I sit on your face, mon amour?" Fleur asked, and he laughed.

"In time, it will be long enough for you to push it all the way inside them," Leviathan replied. "Imagine using that darling little ability of yours then."

"Oh, wow, Rias looks completely destroyed," Luna murmured, resting a hand on the redhead's sweat-slicked back and smiling when she twitched and moaned. "Akeno, Fleur, if you two want to ride him, I could clean up Rias here. It seems like Harry made a bigger mess than normal of her poor little pussy."

"It's not so little now," Hermione breathed, feeling her own cunt clench at the sight of how wide Rias was gaping.

"Oh, and you're going to start producing a lot more semen," Leviathan added.

"Fuck me, like you fucked her, Harry," Akeno begged. "I want to look just as mindless and destroyed by the time you're done."

"Me too!" Fleur exclaimed, and he wrapped an arm around the both of them.

"If that's what you want," he rumbled, and they both felt their knees go weak, feeling more turned on than they could ever remember being.

Harry kissed Akeno hungrily while he palmed Fleur's plump arse and then kissed her, too consumed by his own lust to give much thought to what had just happened. There would be time for that in the morning, after they'd slept it off, but for now, he just wanted to reduce every single one of his lovers to a twitching, quivering, mindless, and seemingly boneless puddle of goo, and that was what he was going to do.

Leviathan grinned to herself as she watched the entire show through his eyes. It had been a long, long time since she had enjoyed anything like this, and she savored it. She had died thinking that her greatest work was lost to time and she had failed, and learning that that wasn't the case was enough to make her ancient soul sing. If he weren't an obvious enemy to the last incubus, she'd have been willing to thank Rizevim for whatever he did, but their clash seemed inevitable, and she knew she'd have to ensure that he was up to the task when it came.

Watching him fuck Akeno, Fleur, Luna, and Hermione until they were all just as exhausted as Rias was a joy she hadn't known in a very long time. He fed on all but the brunette, which she was fine with, knowing that she wouldn't be convinced to undergo the ritual and he wouldn't feed from her otherwise. He would need more sources of power, and as the orgy wound down, she decided to go check on one.

"That...was...in...sane," Hermione shuddered, still twitching as she clung to Harry's arm like she might float away if she let go.

"I've got you, baby," Harry whispered, kissing her crown as he pulled the blanket up over all six of them with a simple spell.

The others were all asleep, some of them had been for a while, and yet as he rolled onto his back after finishing inside Hermione and willed his cock to finally rest, they all practically floated towards him, wanting even as they slumbered to feel his touch.

"Please break the connection to me," Leviathan requested. "I'm actually bound here until you do."

"Oh, shit, here," Harry said, closing the connection between them and burying his face in Hermione's hair as he fell quickly asleep.

Leviathan floated off, unseen and unnoticed with the Stone's power having been pulled back, and she went straight to Koneko's room, smirking when she found the white-haired nekomata frantically humping a pillow.

"Oh...thank...goodness," she panted to herself, tossing the thoroughly soaked pillow onto the floor and curling up into a ball as the overwhelming lust she'd felt for the past few hours finally dissipated.

"Lucifer's light, Harry hasn't even touched her and she can already feel him," Leviathan thought to herself. "Perhaps it would be better to have him make this one wait a little longer, until she's truly desperate."

Smirking to herself, she let herself vanish back into the void, certain that this new incubus would call on her again very soon.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Jan 6, 2026
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Brawlingbard, Markuz Black, dronmk2 and 210 others
voivode_writer
Jan 6, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 46 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Jan 20, 2026
Add bookmark
#952
"I can't, I can't!" Akeno babbled, clawing at the sheets in front of her as she felt another orgasm building inside her. "It's too much!"

"Too much?" Harry asked, grinning wolfishly down at her sweat-soaked form, his hips a blur as he pounded into her tight, quivering pussy again and again.

She'd long since collapsed onto her belly, too tired to keep herself up on her hands and knees, and he'd continued to fuck her prone, driving her from orgasm to screaming orgasm. Her long, silky black hair was matted to her back, her ponytail having come undone earlier when he accidentally broke the clasp that she'd been holding it with, and he had to take a moment to gather all the wet hair into his hand before pulling her head back, making her shriek.

"Fuck!" Akeno screamed, her face beet red.

He pulled her back until her massive breasts were free to start bouncing on her chest again and looked around to see if anyone was still awake enough to play with them, but they were all passed out, dripping his cum from their gaping pussies. They'd been at it for hours, looking to give him as much of a boost to his power as they could, and the evidence of that was all around them. The bed itself was a soaked wreck, but that wasn't all. There were puddles of fluids all around that he'd need to vanish before he fell asleep, and numerous pieces of furniture had been moved about in their marathon orgy. One was a lamp that had been knocked and fallen to lean against the wall, and as the light emanating from it shone on the bed, it made the bejeweled plug sticking out of Hermione's ass shine, and he chuckled at the sight of the large sapphire glittering in the light.

"You've taken me so well tonight," he grinned, brushing his fingers over the ruby at the end of Akeno's butt plug. "You're such a good girl."

"Harry, I...gah, yes!" Akeno squealed, feeling the plug in her ass start pulsating at his command.

"Cum for me, Akeno," Harry commanded. "Be a good girl and cum."

"HARRY!" the raven-haired beauty shrieked, cumming so hard she squirted all over his cock, soaking his balls.

Harry let go with a groan, filling her up with rope after thick rope of his cum and painting her inner walls white yet again. His copious fluids splashed against the back of her tunnel, filling her up and overflowing back around him when there was no more room to fill. He focused on her spirit, having already made use of the master-servant pact to empower her further and, as she'd requested, siphoned every bit of that extra energy as the two of them writhed together in ecstasy. The feeling of having him drain her enhanced her pleasure further, and her eyes rolled back into her head, imagining that she was drowning in the maelstrom of sensation. When Harry pulled out of her and rolled onto his back, she immediately dragged herself over so she could rest her head on his chest.

"Love...you," she whimpered, barely conscious, and he kissed her head softly.

"Love you too," Harry replied, hugging her to him.

The others, though asleep, seemed to sense that the fun was finally over, as they usually did, and flew over to him so that they could all cuddle together. As he lay buried in the pile of sweaty, seemingly boneless flesh, Harry sighed happily, drifting off to sleep and recalling how these particularly intense orgies became their norm a few weeks earlier.

*****

"Wait, it can get better?" Akeno asked, staring down at the image of Leviathan in shock. "I came so hard last night, I honestly thought for a moment that I might die."

"Oh, child," Leviathan purred, her pink eyes gleaming as she stared up at her. "What you know of pleasure is merely a shadow of what I can train Harry here to drown you in. I made my incubi and succubi to help with our fertility problems, but as I realized just what they were capable of, I came to see a future where every single angel had been seduced and corrupted by them. I swear that that, rather than the threat of our increased population, was why the Tyrant moved to exterminate them as he did."

"And the more intense the pleasure we feel, the more we can feed Harry power?" Luna asked.

"The more he can draw from you," Leviathan replied. "The act of drawing energy from you is also intensely pleasurable, so it ends up being a bit of a feedback loop. That isn't the only way that you can intensify things, though. Your tail, Harry, will eventually be quite useful to you."

"My tail?" Harry asked, bringing it around to look at it. As had been the case since it first grew out of him, it was pale, long, and thin, almost whip-like, with a heart-shaped tip.

"As an incubus, you'll eventually gain the ability to alter the shape of your cock, your tongue, and the end of your tail," Leviathan explained. "I can't describe how incredible it feels to be double-penetrated by a man while he takes you on all fours, filling your pussy and asshole over and over again."

"So I could make it a replica of my cock?" Harry asked, feeling his own shaft twitch as every girl in the room shuddered and looked at him with lust-darkened eyes.

"Indeed," Leviathan grinned. "You're going to need to feed a great deal more before you'll be able to do that, though. What I want to work on today, though, will sort of mimic that. My form here is me wearing the gown that I was in when I died, and that means that I can show off everything that I was wearing that day. Observe."

Without another word, she bent over and hiked up her dress, giving them all a tantalizing view of her long, shapely legs and her incredibly round bum. Leviathan had been a very beautiful woman, with a body made for sin, and Harry felt his cock harden rapidly as she revealed more of herself. She hadn't been wearing any panties that fateful day, but that didn't mean she was completely bare below. Sticking out of her tight little asshole was a glittering diamond-jeweled plug, and Fleur snorted at the sight.

"You wore a butt plug into battle?" she asked. "I'm honestly impressed by your nerve."

"I was ambushed the day that I died," Leviathan replied, standing back up and looking at them, "but I did often wear this thing into battle. I enchanted it heavily to be more useful to me in various ways, and it wasn't at all uncomfortable."

"Enchanted how?" Hermione asked, intrigued, and the devil grinned.

"It vanished waste automatically, exercised my inner muscles for at least an hour every day, vibrated on command, and did a few other things that I'd rather you learn on your own," Leviathan grinned.

"Can they come in other colors?" Luna asked. "I've always thought diamonds looked rather boring on me."

"You can use any jewel you like," Leviathan grinned.

"You want us all to wear them?" Hermione asked.

"You don't really need to, since Harry's not feeding on you, but you'd enjoy it anyway," Leviathan replied. "As big as he is and as much as he fills you up, he'll feel so much bigger if he fucks you while you're wearing a plug, trust me there."

"Are there any other things you could teach us to make?" Luna asked, and Leviathan grinned and pulled her gown open to reveal her large, full breasts, and the distinct rings poked through her rosy nipples.

"No," Rias said flatly, palming her breasts defensively as Akeno looked contemplatively down at the little pieces of jewelry.

*****

He woke the next morning to find that the girls were still clinging to him, deep asleep, and he felt a little guilty about how far he'd gone with them the previous night. They'd all begged him to fuck them as much as he physically could, to keep going even if they begged him to stop, knowing full well that this would be their last chance to empower him at all before he faced Riser, and he'd agreed, but he knew damn well that they were all going to be pretty sore when they woke up.

"Ugh," Rias groaned, shaking him out of his guilty reverie. "I swear you could put a whole herd of horses to shame."

"Sorry, baby," Harry whispered, and she rolled her eyes up at him.

"Don't be; not for a moment," Rias said firmly. "I loved every minute of last night, and I won't have you apologizing for that just because I'm a little sore right now."

"What she said," Luna yawned, stretching as she woke up. "A little soreness is a small price to pay, Harry."

"Especially since we heal so much faster now," Fleur sighed. Smiling up at him, she added, "I really never thought that I'd find a man who could truly satisfy, much less exhaust me."

"You are rather insatiable," Harry rumbled, and she grinned.

"I was until I met you," Fleur replied, cupping his face and kissing him softly.

"Oh, fuck," Akeno moaned, rolling onto her back and reaching down to feel her very pink, swollen pussy. "I am so glad we learned we can talk to Leviathan."

"I'm just glad I can fly," Hermione muttered, floating off of the bed and towards the bathroom. "My legs just don't work properly in the mornings anymore."

"We don't have to go so overboard every night," Harry sighed.

"Not after today anyway," Rias replied, looking at him warily, though with a slight smile she couldn't suppress. "How are you feeling?"

"Like I'm the luckiest man in the world," Harry smiled, and she blushed.

"Aww," Akeno cooed, sitting up and stretching her arms over her head. Harry's eyes were drawn to her spectacular breasts, and she smirked, saying, "It's poor manners to stare at another woman's tits on your wedding day."

"I'd buy that more if my lovely bride wasn't equally entranced," he chuckled.

"What can I say?" Rias grinned. "We both have very good taste."

She reached out and cupped one of Akeno's breasts, brushing her hand over a faint bruise that hadn't fully healed in the night. The masochist hissed and squirmed as she pressed on it gently, rubbing her thighs together and moaning at how sore her aching cunt was.

"Do I even want to know how battered your ass is?" Rias asked.

"I can rub bruise paste on it later if you'd like," Luna volunteered, and Akeno chuckled.

"No, I want to feel every blow," she replied. "As I sit today and watch you two get married, I want to feel the aftermath of last night through every moment."

"Back to what I was actually asking before, how do you feel about the other thing you're doing today?" Rias asked, her tone darkening with every word.

"I'm as prepared as I can be," Harry replied. "I'm stronger than I was a month ago, a lot stronger, and Grayfia has been nothing but complimentary lately."

"That's a good sign, surely," Hermione said, forcing herself to sound more confident than she was as she flew back in. "She's not one to praise people lightly."

"No, she isn't," Rias admitted, pulling her legs up until her knees were under her chin. "I just hate that you're going to fight that bastard because of me."

"You're more than worth it, love," Harry smiled, kissing her forehead, and she sighed.

"I love you," Rias whispered. "Just promise me that you'll do everything you can to stay safe. The idea of you getting hurt on my account…"

"Sirzechs and Ajuka will have made sure neither of us can actually kill the other," Harry pointed out. "Neither one would be willing to risk my life, and you know it. Between that, Grayfia's training, and everything else she's put me through over the past several weeks, I should be able to hold my own against Riser."

"We know you know how to handle fire," Luna said, rubbing his shoulder reassuringly, and Harry chuckled, remembering how his first 'fire lesson' had gone.

*****

"Okay, so who exactly am I meeting with today?" Harry asked as he followed Grayfia out into a forested region of the Gremory territory.

"That would be telling," the silver-haired woman replied, and Harry furrowed his brow.

She didn't sound amused or like she was enjoying this in any unusual way, but he couldn't shake the sense that this was somehow akin to following the Weasley twins into a prank. She began descending towards the ground near a sizable clearing, and Harry smiled when he saw the waterfall there. A vast river snaked its way through the forest above them and continued downward below, but there was a sharp, possibly unnatural decline in the elevation of the land, and the water rushed down over the cliff.

"I always wanted to see a waterfall up close as a boy," Harry murmured, looking at it.

"Never got the chance?" Grayfia asked.

"Goodness no," Harry chuckled. "My relatives are exceptionally boring people, and the idea of going off to some nature scene like this would have been dreadful to them. It's as beautiful as I imagined. My new training partner is on their way?"

"He's already here," Grayfia replied, and he turned to look at her in confusion.

"I don't sense anyone," Harry said.

"That is your first failing," a deep, rumbling voice bellowed from behind him, and Harry jumped, whipping around just in time to see a massive head poke out from behind the waterfall.

His jaw dropped, and he took a step back, wondering if he'd been slipped some kind of hallucinogen. The creature continued to emerge from the cave hidden by the flowing water, passing through it as though the immense weight of the fall was meaningless to him. Tall and massive, the dragon's scales were a dark purple, and his glowing eyes were a shade of red that reminded Harry unpleasantly of Voldemort. His face tapered inward towards his chin, and two massive horns jutted out of his head, curling outward. As he grinned, his razor-sharp teeth were revealed, making Harry gulp.

"You must hone your senses, boy, both natural and magical," the dragon said, and he wondered again if he'd hit his head or something.

"You can talk," he spluttered, and the dragon sneered.

"Is that so surprising?" he asked.

"Harry here was a mortal magician not long ago," Grayfia explained. "He's had some experience with lesser dragons."

"Ah, the lowest of my kin," the dragon nodded. "You'll find I'm quite different. I am Tannin, at one time, a great dragon king, though I am now a devil."

"You're the one that Mephisto Pheles reincarnated," Harry breathed, recalling that Agrippa had mentioned that before. "Sorry for my surprise earlier. I've met two dragons before, and neither could speak a word."

"You can apologize by putting in effort during our training sessions," Tannin boomed. "My master sent me here as a favor to Lord Sirzechs, to train you to counter a foe whose primary weapon is fire, and so I will. Ready yourself, boy."

"Try not to get fried to a crisp," Grayfia called out, having already flown away while Harry was distracted by his new teacher.

"Oh, shit," Harry thought to himself as he saw Tannin open his maw wide to reveal a ball of fire already forming in the back of his throat. He had started down this journey towards devilry because he sought a way to avoid being killed by a dragon and couldn't help but think that it would be somewhat funny if he ended up meeting that fate anyway.

*****

"It's been a bit of a trial by fire," he quipped.

"I still can't believe Grayfia and Sirzechs threw you against one of the great dragon kings as training," Hermione muttered, having read up on them after Harry returned home that day, exhausted and slightly singed.

"If it helps me beat Riser, I won't exactly complain," Harry said, "and besides, Tannin's proven to be rather pleasant if somewhat obsessed with fighting."

"According to my mother, the whole reason he agreed to become a devil was to fight in the Rating Games," Rias said.

"I've learned a lot from him, and I'm a lot more confident now than I was when your brother first sprung this little duel on me," Harry replied, checking the time. "Now, we should probably shower and get ready. If we aren't at the castle within the next couple hours, Lady Venelana's going to send someone to collect us."

"Probably best to avoid that, yeah," Rias sighed, flying out of bed and wincing as she stepped foot on the floor.

As she saw her limping, Akeno smirked and said, "You know, Rias, if you're too sore for your wedding tonight, I'd be more than happy to fill in."

The redhead glared at her, saying, "You got filled in plenty last night, you little pain slut."

"We all agreed that their wedding night would be for them," Luna reminded Akeno, wrapping her arms around her neck. "If you're feeling lonely tonight, though, I'd be more than happy to let you do whatever you want to me."

"Whatever I want?" Akeno purred, cupping one of Luna's sizeable breasts, making her gasp when she jolted her lightly.

"Mmhmm," the blonde replied.

"I'm sure the four of us will find all kinds of ways to amuse ourselves tonight," Fleur purred.

She got out of bed and happily strutted towards the bathroom, her wide hips swaying with her every limping step, and her round bum drawing all their eyes. The glittering sapphire of her butt plug was obvious, and despite the marathon session he'd had with them all the night before, Harry felt his cock twitch at the sight.

"The more the merrier," Luna beamed, flying after in a way that made the large emerald attached to her plug glaringly obvious.

"It's not like I don't have a lot to fight for," Harry thought to himself as he joined them.

*****

The sound of metal being hammered echoed through the workshop, and Hermione found, as she had in each previous attempt, that she enjoyed the rhythm of it. In her previous life, she wouldn't have been nearly strong enough to operate a forge like this, but devils were naturally quite a bit stronger than humans, and so though she lacked the physicality of the average smith, she was more than capable of hammering metal into the shape she wanted. Of course, she was doing far more than that as she brought her hammer down again and again. Each blow against the heated white gold band did more than alter its shape somewhat; it infused it with her magic.

"Little by little," she thought to herself. "That's it. Easy does it, just empower the runes a little bit more and you'll be."

BANG

The sound of the ring exploding went off like a gunshot and would have deafened her temporarily if she hadn't cast spells to protect her ears. Of course, that would have been the least of her problems as bits of golden shrapnel went everywhere, but the pieces bounced harmlessly off her magic shield that covered her entire body, and so the only damage done was to her patience, and she growled in frustration.

"What am I doing wrong?!" she roared, throwing the hammer away in disgust and running her hands over her face.

Her right arm tingled, and only as she took in the sight of her latest failure did she realize just how numb it had gotten while she worked.

"Another bomb?" Luna called out from outside, able to sense that her friend wasn't hurt.

"Oh, it bombed alright," Hermione muttered, levitating the shattered pieces over to her workbench so they could be melted down again later.

Marching out, she pulled her protective mask off and shook her head, letting her sweaty hair fall around her shoulders.

"I don't know what I'm doing wrong," she muttered.

"Did it at least take longer to fail this time?" Luna asked.

"No," Hermione said. "Every time I try to empower a ring, it gets right to the point where I'm sure it's nearly done and then shatters. The protections I layer on it fail, the strengthening runes do nothing at all, and it just doesn't take. I've tried multiple metals, I've tried stopping just short of where I think it's done, and it just never bloody works."

"I'm sorry," Luna sighed. "Maybe we should try something else. I mean, Gnarl's pretty sure that the bracelet idea would work."

"I'm not ready to give up just yet," Hermione said. "Speaking of Gnarl, have you seen him today?"

"I'm pretty sure he went over to the manor to do a headcount," Luna replied. "Apparently, a big group of minions came in last night."

"The Beauxbatons deal went through," Hermione replied. "They had sixty-eight house elves before our raid on Inchmore, and that was the biggest group of them still outside the fold. With that done, I think the only remaining holdouts are some of the more stubborn pureblood families, but they generally only have one to four minions at most."

"I grabbed the Prophet this morning before we came here, and you might want to read this," Luna murmured, handing her the paper and pointing to a specific article she'd highlighted.

"Nott Family Tragedy: Murderous Elf Goes on Spree?" Hermione asked. "Oh, damn it."

"It's not like this wasn't really inevitable," Luna sighed. "We had to imagine that Dobby wouldn't be the only minion out there who was quite mistreated by his family."

"Theodore Nott, who was just about to enter his fifth year at Hogwarts, was found slain by his family's house elf," Hermione read aloud. "The elf's skin had turned green, and it had begun to emit a foul odor when his mother, Lady Violet Nott, found him hovering over the body of her son. The Lady Nott happened to be hosting a party at the time, which two aurors had attended, and they swiftly put down the murderous elf. This latest elf-related tragedy comes in the wake of the Diarmid Lynch case, which readers will know we at the Daily Prophet have been covering extensively. Whether the Dark Lord Lynch personally ordered this murder or, as the DMLE Director, Rufus Scrimgeour, claims, his control over them has truly slipped and it was unrelated, we won't know for certain until he's finally caught. As of today, he remains at large."

"We should probably dump his body at this point," Luna murmured.

"Yeah, I think it's time," Hermione sighed, setting the paper down and leaning against the door to the workshop Zeoticus had let her use. "At this point, most of the minions have either been traded in for automatons or killed by their owners, and if this doesn't convince the rest of them to let them go, I don't know what will. We'll take care of it after the wedding."

The two of them flew over to the manor currently housing the minions, and Hermione noticed Gnarl hitting what looked like the last of a long line of them in the head with his stick as she descended. He grinned, watching the minion's skin turn green, and spotted Hermione and Luna a moment later.

"Ah, Dark One, Mistress Luna," he greeted them. "We're up to just shy of eight hundred minions."

"I never really realized how few of them there were," Luna said.

"Well, at a hundred and two, Hogwarts had more of them than anyone," Hermione murmured. "Beauxbatons came in second with their bunch, and then some of the smaller schools had a dozen or so. The goblins didn't bother, and most ministries didn't trust them with official matters, so that just leaves the noble families in Britain, the Commonwealth, and parts of the continent. All together, there just weren't that many of them active at any one time. Lynch wasn't that good of a businessman either, so his efforts to break into other markets were generally haphazard at best and laughable at worst. I doubt there are even a hundred of them still out there."

"We learned this morning that the remaining ones are starting to change on their own," Luna added, and Gnarl chuckled.

"Ah, that will lead to some spectacular mayhem, I'm sure," he said. "I will miss hitting them all over the head, though in truth, I don't actually need to stop doing that."

Hermione rolled her eyes at that but said nothing, knowing well by then that arguing with Gnarl was often pointless.

"Put this on," she ordered, handing a charm to the newly changed green minion, and he stared at it curiously before putting the chain around his neck.

"Yes, Mistress," he grinned, though his face quickly fell when he realized what the charm had done. He sniffed at the air around him, wondering where the smell had gone.

"I must say, Dark One, while I had my doubts about this little ingenuity of yours at first, it is nice having the greens smell like something other than rancid dung for a change," Gnarl commented.

"Go join the others," Hermione commanded, and the green minion left. "Is there anything to report?"

"They're continuing to settle in well," Gnarl replied. "Lady Venelana sent someone over to make the renovations you asked of her, and the blues have benefited from the indoor grotto installed in the basement."

"Don't you mean indoor pool?" Hermione asked, and he grinned.

"We may have done a little...decorating since then," Gnarl grinned, and she pinched the bridge of her nose. "Between that, the indoor jungle for the greens, and the tunnel the reds managed to dig to the molten core of the Underworld, they're all rather happy. Once you finish your ring of command, we'll be able to really get going."

"That's hit another snag, but I'm still confident I can pull it off," Hermione replied.

"Dark One, there is one thing that might help," Gnarl grinned. "Mistress Luna here mentioned the person who you were taking inspiration from the other day, and as I was looking through that library, I found something."

"Found what?" Hermione asked, furrowing her brow in concern, and her eyes widened as Gnarl went into a nearby chest and pulled out a thick tome.

"I can practically feel the evil oozing out of this book, Ma'am," he grinned, holding it up for her to take. "It's as though the very words it's written in are as dark as my old heart."

"I know you said you wanted to try doing this using Celebrimbor's work alone, but...well, Sauron was the true master of this sort of thing, wasn't he?" Luna asked, and Hermione scowled as she took the book from Gnarl's hands and flipped it open.

"I can see why Tolkien disliked this particular creation of his," she thought to herself as she looked at the guttural words scrawled in the tome in her hands. Black Speech was a particularly unpleasant language, made that way intentionally by the old author, and even reading it in her head was a chore.

"What language is that, Dark One?" Gnarl asked, curious. "I hadn't seen its like before, but it fit the description Mistress Luna gave me, and it seems almost inherently evil."

"A language made up by the Dark Lord Sauron in the world of Arda," Hermione replied. "This seems like a collection of notes he made himself while he was tricking Celebrimbor and the other elf smiths into making the rings for him, though if…"

"Elf?" Gnarl asked, and she chuckled.

"Quite unlike the ones you've described, I assure you," Hermione replied. "To be honest, from your descriptions, the elves of your world seem almost like a parody of the elves of Arda. I had hoped to pull this off without actually having to take directly from Sauron, mostly because I wanted to see how well he taught the others, but given the difficulties I've been having, perhaps it is time to give in and see what I can glean from this."

"Keep in mind that Harry became as powerful as he did because he openly stole knowledge from an evil wizard," Luna murmured.

"Ah, but I do love a challenge," Gnarl thought to himself, grinning as he looked up at his conflicted mistress. "Little by little, bit by bit, I'll make a proper evil Overlady out of her. It would have been simpler to choose one of the others, as even this doe-eyed blonde is a little more evil, but corruption is half the fun in cases like this. It will be difficult, of course, but evil always finds a way."

"If you need anything else, Dark One, just let me know," Gnarl said. "Today's that ceremony, right?"

"Yes, and we should probably get to it," Hermione nodded, shoving the book in her mokeskin pouch.

"Well, I'll make a point of avoiding the castle for the day," Gnarl said. "I imagine it will be a touch cheerful for my tastes."

"There will be a big fight after the wedding," Luna murmured, and he perked up a bit, tapping his chin contemplatively.

"If you could send me one of those disgustingly cute glowing rabbits to let me know when it's starting, I might stop by," Gnarl said.

"Will do," Luna beamed.

"Mistress?" a brown minion asked, poking his head out from the manor's door.

"Dobby?" Hermione asked.

"Does Harry Potter need any help today with his fight?" Dobby asked, and Gnarl glared at him.

"No," Hermione replied before the minion master could say anything. "He's got it well sorted."

"Ah," Dobby replied. "Please wish him well for me."

"I will," Hermione replied.

"He is the strangest minion, that one," Gnarl muttered, shaking his head. "I swear he was more affected by what the wizard did to them than any of them."

"He was unusually independent as a house-elf, so maybe it's just something about him in particular," Hermione suggested, and Gnarl shrugged.

"Either way, it's weird," the old minion replied. "Anyway, I won't keep your magnificence any longer. I hope you find that book helpful."

"I just might," Hermione replied. "Thank you for it."

"I live to serve," Gnarl tittered before heading inside.

Hermione and Luna flew off towards Castle Gremory and spotted a fiery magic circle opening up by the main gate as they approached, making them wary. When Fleur appeared in the middle of it a moment later, they both relaxed and landed next to her.

"Hey," Luna beamed. "Did you only just get back here?"

"Yeah, I lost track of time," Fleur replied. "Maman and Papa seem to have settled in well enough, though they're obviously still adjusting. Gabrielle seems genuinely excited about Mahoutokoro, and mostly they seem well, but there was one thing that came up."

"What is it?" Hermione asked, and Fleur sighed.

*****

"You're walking better," Fleur smiled as she saw her father approach her from upstairs.

"Every day I feel a little stronger," Sebastian replied, and while he was smiling, she noticed he looked oddly tense too. Fleur could sense something coming from upstairs that she figured was the answer to her question, but she decided to make sure.

"Is something wrong?" she asked.

"As much as I feel stronger and I'm increasingly fond of the healers I've been meeting with, certain aspects of my recovery are taking a little longer than I'd like," Sebastian replied.

"Papa! Are you ready?" Gabrielle asked.

"On my way, little bird," Sebastian replied. "Remember to wear your hat."

"I've got it," Gabrielle muttered, walking into the sitting room.

She was dressed in a simple blue dress that complemented her eyes and had a wide-brimmed hat of the same color on her head. Fleur cocked an eyebrow at her father, who just sighed.

"The last time we went to this park, your sister got a little too much sun," Sebastian replied.

"I still say that blonde girl had fox ears," Gabrielle muttered.

"I didn't see anything of the sort," Sebastian pointed out, and she glared.

"That's because she ran away as you drew close," Gabrielle sighed. "She was cute and seemed nice enough."

"Well, maybe we'll run into her again," Sebastian said. "Anyway, she and I should be back in a little while."

"I'll probably be gone by then," Fleur remarked. "Today's the wedding."

"I still can't believe 'Arry is already getting married," Gabrielle scowled.

"I'm surprised he legally can," Sebastian muttered, and Fleur rolled her eyes.

"As I've explained, it's devil business and devil laws," she replied. "It changes nothing where he and I are concerned."

"Something that will mystify me for years to come, I'm sure," Sebastian replied, "but so long as you are happy..."

"I am," Fleur smiled.

"Then that is that," Sebastian nodded. "Let Apolline know that we left. She's still upstairs."

"I will," Fleur replied. "Take care, you two."

She watched them leave and sighed, knowing full well why her father had elected to take her sister out for a trip to a park just as she arrived. Anyone who knew enough about Veela would have been able to guess what was going on, but as Fleur was one and could sense the maelstrom of lust swirling upstairs, the answer was unmistakable. She flew upstairs as quickly as her bat-like wings could take her and shook her head when she threw open the door to the main bedroom and saw her mother lying on the bed, utterly nude and glistening with sweat. Between her creamy parted thighs, she saw her soaked pink folds and shook her head.

"Do I even need to ask how bad it's gotten?" Fleur asked, flying over and sitting on the side of the bed, making her mother gasp and twitch.

"I need help, Fleur," Apolline whimpered, looking over at her.

"You look like you've needed help for weeks," Fleur chided, ghosting a hand over her mother's thigh and resting it just above her hairless mound. "Merde! Maman!?"

"I thought he'd get better more quickly," Apolline replied defensively. "After his first few meetings with the healers at the Taiyo Institute, he seemed so hopeful and upbeat that I figured they were making progress, but his sex drive is still non-existent, and I...I need more. He's been trying to please me, trying until his jaw goes stiff, but it's just not the same."

"What are you going to do?" Fleur asked.

"Your papa and I spoke earlier, and...he's willing to let me take a lover," Apolline replied, and Fleur nodded, closing her eyes and swallowing thickly. She'd known it would very likely come to this, but she'd still hoped that it wouldn't.

"I see," Fleur replied. "I'm afraid I can't help you there. There's only one man I know who's worthwhile and…"

"Actually, Fleur, you can help," Apolline replied, giving her a pointed look, and Fleur reared back in shock.

"'Arry?" she asked, catching on to what her mother was suggesting.

"He's the one man that Sebastian wouldn't have to fear me running off with," Apolline replied, "and it isn't as though you aren't already sharing him."

"Maman, 'Arry is...different," Fleur said, a shiver going through her as she got out that last word. "You don't know what you're asking of me."

"I am asking you to ask your boyfriend to help your poor maman before she goes mad," Apolline whimpered.

Fleur took a deep breath and ran a hand down her face.

"Maman, 'Arry is an incubus," Fleur sighed. As her mother went to interject, she held up a hand and added, "No, hear me out. You have no idea how good he is in bed, how utterly cosmic the sex is. He's the kindest, most loving man in the world, and I'm glad he is because I'd stay with him if he was the biggest asshole I'd ever met. I honestly can't think of any sort of abuse I wouldn't put up with if the alternative was never knowing his touch again; it's that good. If you start fucking him, even if Papa recovers, you will not want to stop."

Apolline was practically drooling as she finished what she'd wanted to say, her overheated cunt pulsating with need as fantasies wilder than any she'd ever known consumed her mind.

"Fleur, please," she begged, and Fleur sighed.

"If it is what you truly want, and so long as I get confirmation that you and Papa are both on the same page here, I will let him fuck you," she said. "I am going to tell Papa that I think this is a bad idea, though."

"It was his idea," Apolline breathed. "He's such a dear man, and he knows how this prolonged stint of abstinence is starting to drive me mad."

"In the meantime, I can help out a little," Fleur offered, and Apolline spread her legs wider.

"I love you, mon ange," she smiled, crying out as Fleur buried her face between her legs, devouring the very pussy she'd come out of.

"I'm far from an angel," Fleur thought to herself, figuring that she could eat her mother out for an hour or so to tide her over.

*****

"Mmm," Luna sighed as she kissed Fleur deeply. "Your mother tastes as delicious as you, Fleur."

"You and she…" Hermione went to ask, and the Veela sighed.

"Incest is not altogether uncommon among Veela," Fleur replied. "Our needs can be pretty overwhelming, and there's never been a single one of us born who wasn't bisexual."

"You're really going to ask Harry to take care of her?" Hermione asked, and she sighed.

"I spoke with Papa when I got back and warned him, with less detail, that I worried what might come of his idea," Fleur replied. "He loves her though and knows how much she's suffered during the last couple months. Sex isn't just a pleasant release for us; it's a need on par with food and water, and she's been parched for a very, very long time."

"Parched isn't the word I'd use, given how covered in her fluids you seem to be," Luna quipped, and Fleur smiled despite her mood. "You know Harry will take care of her if you ask, and it's not like he'll try out any of the things he's learned from Leviathan."

"Shh," Hermione shushed her, and Luna winced, mouthing 'sorry.'

The fact that they could summon and speak to ancient dead devils was something that they'd decided to keep to themselves for the time being, not knowing how the rest of them would react to it. They were seemingly alone but had learned the value of keeping a degree of paranoia and decided to go inside, figuring that it was likely high time that they joined with Akeno and changed into their dresses.

*****

"Merlin's balls, I don't think there's an ugly woman in this entire world!" Sirius exclaimed as he entered Harry's quarters. "I don't even think there are any middling ones."

"A devil's desires can influence their appearance to an extent," Harry replied. "That's why Hermione and Luna are both more buxom than they used to be."

"I'll take your word for that, kid," Sirius chuckled. "My days of paying close attention to the breasts of schoolgirls are long behind me."

"You could have gone with Hermione's hair as an example," Kiba piped up, having decided to hang out there as Harry changed into his suit in his bathroom. "It was a barely tamed mane when I first met her, and it's all soft, flowing waves now."

"That I had noticed actually, but I thought you just got her some Sleekeazy," Sirius said. "Wait, so if I became a devil, I'd change physically."

"The effects wouldn't be too extreme, but yes, you would be changed somewhat by your innate desires," Kiba replied. "That's why this one has such perfect skin, actually."

He pointed at the cardboard box next to him, and Sirius looked at him in confusion.

"Gasper's in there," Kiba clarified.

"Ah, right," Sirius nodded. "So about these changes…"

The bathroom door opened before he could finish that, and Harry walked out, dressed in his suit. It was an exceptionally well-made thing that he'd visited a tailor in Lilith for a couple weeks ago. The jacket, vest, and pants were all dark black and made of some type of wool he'd never heard of called vicuna that his tailor talked him into going with, while his simple shirt was white silk. It fit perfectly, and as he looked in the full-length mirror Rias had insisted on placing in the corner of the room, he had to admit that he looked good.

"Is that why you got so bloody tall?" Sirius asked, and Harry chuckled.

"Yes, though my circumstances were quite unique," he replied, looking at him. "Why all the questions about devilry? Because if it's something that you're seriously considering, I have to warn you that Rias doesn't have any spare pieces that would suit you."

"No, no, it's fine," Sirius chuckled. "I'm perfectly happy being mortal. I just couldn't help but drool a little at the sights downstairs, and it made me a curious. You look good, Harry; I can't imagine what James and Lily would say if they were here."

"Well, considering that Dad's first reaction to seeing me was to high-five me for seeing Rias and the others, I'm sure he'd have had a remark of some sort," Harry chuckled.

"For which Lily would elbow him in the ribs," Sirius sighed, looking down. He had yet to take Harry up on his offer to let him see James, finding he hadn't quite mustered up the courage to speak to his old friend. "Listen, there's something that James would have wanted you to have."

"What is it?" Harry asked, furrowing his brow as Sirius reached into his pocket.

"Just after we graduated from Hogwarts, I met this gorgeous muggle girl," Sirius replied. "Blonde hair, green eyes, the cutest face, and an absolutely drool-worthy...the point is I thought she was gorgeous, asked her out, and then freaked out hard, having no idea how to date a muggle girl. Your mum gave me the idea to take her to the symphony, as I pegged her as a pretty sophisticated sort, and helped me transfigure my finest dress robes into a suit, and then your dad gave me these."

He pulled a pair of gold cufflinks out of his pocket and handed them to Harry, who took them reverently. They had some weight to them, being rather solid, and he smiled when he saw the design on them. They both bore the images of lions standing up on their hind legs as though about to strike, and he chuckled at the sheer Gryffindorness of them.

"The day after that date, there was a massive Death Eater attack, and the entire Order of the Phoenix, the organization Dumbledore founded to counteract Voldemort, got called in to help defend against them," Sirius continued. "I meant to give them back, but things only got worse from there and I never got the chance. I'd completely forgotten about them, but as I was looking through my Gringotts vault the other day, I came across them in an old mokeskin pouch I'd stored there for safekeeping."

"Thank you," Harry whispered, not trusting his voice as he grew emotional. "Really, thank you, Sirius."

"He'd have been so proud of you, Harry," Sirius smiled, his eyes growing misty, "and not just because you're getting married to a smoking hot redhead."

Harry burst out laughing at that and hugged him.

"Aww," Gasper murmured, poking his head out of the box. "So you're Harry's godfather?"

"I am indeed, or dogfather as I tend to say," Sirius replied, stepping back and letting Harry put on the cufflinks.

"Why?" Gasper asked, and Sirius transformed into Padfoot, startling him so much he fell back into the box.

"I should have seen that coming, honestly," Sirius muttered, as Kiba facepalmed.

The young knight managed to drag Gasper out of his box after a couple minutes of trying, and the four of them went downstairs, looking for Venelana. Harry couldn't help but notice the host of devils they passed and nodded politely to the few who bothered to acknowledge him. From the first time he mounted a broom in a Quidditch match, he'd had no trouble performing for an audience and the same was true here. Knowing that he was going to be fighting Riser in front of all these devils later, instead of making him nervous, actually made him more excited. This would be a chance for him to show them that he was worthy of Rias, to take his first step in making a name for himself in the Underworld and he knew that he was going to give it his all.

As he entered the great hall of the keep, he gazed around and noted that it looked great. Venelana had handled the décor herself, something Rias trusted her with completely, and he could see why. The great hall was beautiful generally, a large, imposing room whose black marble floors and high, vaulted ceiling screamed wealth and splendor. It had been filled with chairs lined with crimson silk here, and the walls were covered in murals depicting various figures he recognized as Baels and Gremorys crushing various foes. Venelana stood at the front of the room, barking orders at servants to handle last-minute adjustments, and he figured she didn't want to see him just yet. Spotting Akeno, Fleur, Luna, and Hermione huddled together with Koneko in a corner, he made his way over, his curiosity being piqued when he sensed a silencing barrier around them.

"Harry, wow," Akeno purred. "With you looking like that, we'll be lucky if Rias doesn't decide to mount you right here in the hall."

"After last night, I'd be extremely surprised if she managed that," Koneko muttered, scowling, and Harry looked at her in confusion.

"Shit, did we forget to silence our room?" he asked.

"No, I'm just a little more sensitive to certain things than most," Koneko replied. "Ignore me. These four have spent the past five minutes confusing me with something Luna found."

"I found a ritual that I think might let us build a momentary connection to another world, but I'm struggling to figure out how it would work," Luna replied.

"Another world?" Sirius asked. "Why? Are you looking to send Gnarl and the others back where they came from?"

"Other than Gnarl, they all came from Earth," Hermione replied, "and no."

"There's something we'd like to recreate, but doing so would require us to find our way to another world," Harry replied, giving Sirius a pointed look. Silencing charms were useful, but he refused to trust that they were foolproof and didn't want anyone knowing that they were trying to create a Philosopher's Stone just yet. Looking down at the book in Luna's hands, he tapped his finger on his chin, saying, "So it requires three offerings of energy, whatever that means, arranged at equidistant triangular points."

"I have no idea what these offerings could be, or even what whoever wrote this was trying to get at," Luna said, sounding confused.

"It doesn't make much more sense to me," Hermione replied. "I'll need to go over it more thoroughly when I have the time and maybe cross-reference it with something else written in whatever language this is."

"What language is it?" Sirius asked. "I don't even recognize the script."

"Something not from around here," Harry replied. "Even the diagram is odd. Those floating crystals are bizarrely shaped, and I have no idea what the almost liquid-looking lines of energy all converging at the center are meant to be."

"I think those are hearts," Sirius murmured, pointing to one. "It looks vaguely like a human heart; don't ask how I know that, and if that's the case…"

"Blood," Harry breathed. "This requires sacrifices."

"That's...possible," Hermione allowed.

"Why not just say that, then?" Fleur muttered, crossing her arms and huffing in annoyance.

"It seems to be written in some kind of code," Hermione said. "Devilry lets us translate words from any language, but it won't help us derive the meaning of something the writer intentionally left vague. Luna, leave this with me, and I'll see if I can make heads or tails of it later."

"I suppose we should find out if it actually requires living sacrifices or not," Akeno replied. "When did you find it, Luna?"

"This morning while I was in the library," Luna replied. "It's what I meant to talk to you about earlier, Hermione, but we got distracted by your ring issues."

"Still no luck?" Harry asked.

"I don't want to even think about that right now," Hermione muttered. "I'm standing here, wearing a beautiful dress, about to watch two of my dearest friends in the world get married. Even I think we can put books away for the moment."

"Works for me," Koneko yawned. "Gasper, they managed to convince you to join us after all?"

"Rias would be mad if I didn't," Gasper replied, looking around nervously. "Your dresses are really beautiful, by the way."

He eyed the lavender-colored silk gown Koneko was wearing almost covetously, and Akeno giggled.

"Rias was kinder to her bridesmaids than some that I've seen," she grinned, looking down at the plunging neckline of her dress and the veritable sea of cleavage she had on display.

"When I heard that it's a muggle tradition to dress your bridesmaids in clown suits so you look better by comparison, I got really excited," Luna piped up. "Sadly, Rias didn't find the idea as fun as I did."

"Whoever you heard that from was exaggerating, but we are more beautifully dressed than most bridesmaids I've seen," Hermione chuckled.

"I've never understood the idea of that," Fleur said, shaking her head.

"Because you're stunning," Koneko said flatly. "If you were getting married today, your bridesmaids could wear copies of your own dress, and you'd still stand out."

They all turned to look at her in surprise, and she rolled her eyes, adding, "Am I wrong?"

"Non, but you're also very sweet," Fleur smiled. "The same could be said for Rias."

"Harry," Venelana said sharply, destroying the silencing charm around them with a flick of her finger. "We're about to begin."

"Right," Harry replied, following her as the others sat down.

"You haven't, by chance, forgotten everything we told you about how this is going to go, have you?" Zeoticus asked with an amused smile as he reached him at the end of the hall. "I ask because that actually happened to me when I married this one. My parents had prepared me for everything that I should expect; I felt fully confident. Then the day came, and it was like it all slipped out of my mind."

"Well, unlike you, Harry didn't spend last night getting blackout drunk," Venelana teased and Zeoticus chuckled.

"Hey, it was your uncle who took me drinking," Zeoticus argued, and Venelana rolled her eyes.

"No, I remember it," Harry smiled. "There's no reverend, since we're not about to sanctify this in the eyes of the Tyrant…"

"Just two people, gathered before witnesses…" Venelana went to say.

"The number of which is pretty much always determined by the rank and status of the devils involved," Zeoticus added.

That Harry couldn't deny as he looked out at the large assembly. It seemed like there were representatives from every major house in the Underworld here. He recognized most of them from the Agares ball, including the Agareses themselves, who were seated pretty close to the front, signifying their close relation to the Gremory family, but there were others that he didn't recognize at all, who he'd need Rias to name for him later during the dance.

"You two say your vows, Sirius and Akeno give you your rings, and you bind yourselves together with them," Venelana finished. "So much simpler than the other sort of ceremonies I've seen."

"Then the real spectacle begins," Harry muttered, eyeing Riser, who was seated with the other Phenexes close to the front.

He didn't know if it was coincidence that all four Satans were seated in front of them, but he doubted it, not knowing how one could make it clearer to them that they weren't to cause trouble than having Sirzechs Lucifer, Ajuka Beelzebub, Serafall Leviathan, and Falbium Asmodeus all seated right by them. Of course, the chance of doing anything was pretty slim, given that they were going to get their chance to express their displeasure right after the ceremony.

"Grayfia is most confident about you," Zeoticus assured him. "She's not one to bestow praise lightly, and she has been nothing but complimentary about your progress."

"I'll fight him with everything I have," Harry replied, and the older devil grinned.

"Excuse me," Zeoticus said. "I have a very beautiful girl to retrieve."

"Do I want to know what you and the others were discussing earlier?" Venelana asked as they waited, creating a barrier between them, which he knew would destroy all sound waves that reached it.

"Just a side project we're working on," Harry replied. "Nothing worth reporting yet."

"Your side projects have a habit of benefiting my family," Venelana grinned. "Zeoticus has been most pleased with the little automaton business. It's turned a tidy little profit."

"Alas, the immediate sales are likely coming close to drying up," Harry said. "Nearly all of the minions have been acquired."

"Yes, but unlike that fool you took down, we understand the value of marketing," Venelana replied. "Within ten years, I predict that all the magicians in the world will be making use of the automatons, meaning that they'll all be stuck turning to us whenever they need new runic batteries. The upkeep for it is honestly minimal, which means that it will be a not insignificant source of revenue."

"I…" Harry went to say when he heard the band start to play and the tall doors leading to the great hall open.

He turned, and his heart skipped a beat at the absolute vision that walked in, accompanied by Zeoticus. The rest of the room seemed to fade away for a moment, and all thoughts of Riser and the fight to come fled his mind. She was stunningly beautiful, a vision of perfection in white silk. The bodice clung to her like a second skin, showing off her narrow waist and her flat, toned stomach, while cupping her breasts like it was holding on for dear life. It had no sleeves and left her shoulders bare, revealing much of her creamy skin, and Harry felt his cock stir in his pants as he watched her walk, her every step making her breasts jiggle. The skirt flowed in waves from her waist, hiding her long, gorgeous legs, but her wide hips still pressed against the silk, letting it hint at more of her perfect figure than it actually showed. Her crimson hair she'd worn mostly loose, letting it fall across her back like a waterfall, and the contrast between it and her deep blue eyes seemed to only enhance both.

"I know Akeno joked about me wanting to fuck her right here in front of everyone, but I didn't think I'd be this tempted," Harry thought to himself.

"I know every word for beautiful ever invented, and I don't think any of them do you justice," he said softly as she reached him, and Rias smiled widely.

"Careful, Harry," the redhead whispered. "I'm tempted enough already to tear that lovely suit right off of you."

"We've gathered you all here today to witness the wedding of my daughter, Rias, and Harry Potter, the man she's chosen to marry," Zeoticus called out. "The wedding of their heir to a pillar house is always a special, deeply important thing, and as the father of the bride, I must say that I am very pleased with my heiress' choice. Before us all, Rias, Harry, I call you to bind yourselves together by your will, acting as devils should and taking what you desire."

That last sentence was the only truly required part of the ceremony, as Harry had learned, where the father of the highest-ranking person getting married that day reminded them of what they were and what they were doing. That would have stung particularly, he knew, if Rias hadn't managed to get out of marrying Riser, but he'd learned enough about devils and their customs by now to know that they were expected to be cunning and capable and to force their will where they needed to.

He hadn't understood how Zeoticus and Venelana could push her as they had back when he first met them all, but now he knew. The point of the test had been to see if Rias could handle herself, if she could, as true devils should, connive her way out of the predicament they put her in. If she hadn't, it would have been proof that she needed the protection of a more capable devil. She could have sat back and accepted her fate meekly, but she didn't, choosing to be bold and escape, and while her mother had chided her initially for choosing a solution so unsubtle, she couldn't find fault in the results.

"I…" Rias went to say, meaning to go first, as her rank dictated she should, when she was interrupted.

"You know, I just had a thought," Riser called out, and everyone in the room turned to look at him, several of them glaring. He avoided Sirzechs' eye, keeping his gaze on a stone-faced Zeoticus as his parents both looked at him warningly. "Rias here has made her choice and been admittedly bold in doing so. It is rare for the heir or heiress of a pillar house to choose to wed a complete unknown, and we all still know so very little about her groom to-be here."

"That, Riser, is why you and he volunteered to duel each other afterward," Sirzechs said coolly, "so that Harry here can show exactly what he's capable of."

"Oh, yes, indeed, my Lord," Riser nodded, a faint grin on his face. "I was just wondering, since, as your noble father said, a wedding such as this is a greatly important thing to all of us devils, if it might not be better to have that demonstration...first."

Harry glared at the man, seated there in a red suit, and as he looked around the room, seeing so many devils sitting there with querying, curious looks in their eyes, only one thought occurred to him.

"Before, after, it makes little difference to me," he said. "Eager as I am to marry the woman I love, I am also eager to fight you."

"Such fire in you, boy," Riser spat, fury clear in his dark blue eyes. "I can't wait to show you what true fire is."

"If the bride and her parents agree, I see no reason why we couldn't change the schedule a little," Ajuka said, sounding bored, and Harry turned to Rias, seeing her look up at him nervously.

"Why not?" Venelana asked, keeping her voice neutral and her face blank even as anger welled within her purple eyes.

"Indeed," Zeoticus nodded.

"Then it's settled," Sirzechs said. "Harry, Riser, give Ajuka and me a moment, and your duel can begin."

Harry glared at Riser, who had given up on appearing anything but downright wrathful, and felt his heartbeat quicken with excitement. He'd wanted to punch the man in the face since he first laid eyes on him and had been training for weeks to fight him.

"I don't actually have to kick his ass here, but man, do I want to," he thought to himself, hoping that he truly was up to this particular challenge.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Markuz Black, Brawlingbard, dronmk2 and 181 others
voivode_writer
Jan 20, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 47 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Feb 3, 2026
Add bookmark
#960
"Riser Phenex?" Sirzechs asked. "Really?"

"You sound surprised," Zeoticus replied. "The Phenex clan is among the wealthiest and most powerful in the Underworld, and Riser's an accomplished young man already. He's nearly filled his peerage with remarkable speed for a young devil; his control over his abilities is substantial, and I know you saw his performance in his first Rating Game the other day."

"I had wondered why you were so keen to watch that particular match," Sirzechs grumbled. "He is a rather hotheaded man, though, and his arrogance is…"

"Normal for a young devil," Zeoticus chuckled. "He'll grow out of it as he gets older; we all do in time."

"He's just not the sort of man that I could see Rias caring for," Sirzechs said diplomatically. "Have you told her yet?"

"Not yet," Venelana replied. "Rias is young, dear, and a girl who doesn't yet know what she wants in life. I'm sure she can come to care for young Riser, and if she can't, then I'm sure she's capable of finding a way out."

"A test," Sirzechs thought to himself, resisting the urge to shake his head or glare at his mother.

In a way he almost wished that he wasn't as powerful as he was. From the time he was born, he had been an anomaly among devils, a being of such insane, innate power that he was actually dangerous to be around. Before he was a year old, he had accidentally destroyed his parents' old castle; by the time he was six, he could spar with grown men and hold his own, and before he came of age, he was already the most powerful user of the Power of Destruction to ever live, exceeding even Zekram Bael.

That came with its benefits, but it also came with its share of downsides too. He was never treated like a normal child because he was never anything even close to a normal child. That meant that there were a number of things that he never experienced, and when Rias was born, he found that he couldn't really lend her his experience with dealing with their parents because his own childhood had been so different from hers. Neither his mother nor his father had ever even broached the subject of a betrothal, trusting him to make his own choice, something he did the moment he laid eyes on Grayfia.

"They're worried that Rias isn't strong enough," he thought to himself. "This is Mother's way to test her and guarantee either way that she'll be taken care of, either by Riser or by herself."

*****

"Still think this is the best idea we have?" Ajuka asked, shocking Sirzechs out of his reverie as they put the finishing touches on the Rating Game Field they were setting up for the match.

"It's the only one we have left," Sirzechs muttered. "I should have spoken up sooner and convinced my parents not to go down this road."

"I'm surprised you didn't," Ajuka commented. "You're usually nearly as bad as Serafall when it comes to protecting your little sister."

"That's why I didn't," Sirzechs chuckled humorlessly. "I step in all the time to help her, and I wanted to give her an opportunity to prove herself here, to show our mother that she really could handle a problem thrown her way like this."

"Well, we can't say she didn't," Ajuka said, "and I'm not exactly displeased with the results. The most fascinating research project I've had in years."

Sirzechs rolled his eyes at that. "It wasn't without cost, though."

"A cost that will hopefully be paid today," Ajuka replied. "We both know Regina and Rex just want a chance to say their son fought to avenge the insults to their family."

"Let's hope," Sirzechs muttered.

"How fares my little project?" Ajuka asked. "Do you think he has much of a hope here?"

"Grayfia seems convinced that he'll be able to put up one hell of a fight at least," Sirzechs replied, and Ajuka's eyebrows shot towards his hairline.

"Your wife is generally a good judge of such things," he said. "Harry's progressed that much?"

"Rias and Akeno trained him for many months while he was still human, and Grayfia saw to his more intensive training personally over the past couple months," Sirzechs replied. "I can't guarantee that he'll win, but I can say pretty certainly that this isn't going to be as one-sided a fight as Riser expects."

"Well, that was pretty much certain from the start," Ajuka chuckled. "I haven't come across a devil as overconfident in their own abilities as he is in decades."

"With any luck, on top of smoothing some ruffled feathers, this little bout will help knock some humility into him," Sirzechs replied, and his old friend grinned.

With their work finished, the two of them returned to the great hall, where both Harry and Riser were preparing for their fight, surrounded by supporters.

"Why does he have to fight shirtless again?" Sirius asked.

"It's sexier that way," Luna replied without skipping a beat, and the older man snorted and shook his head.

"I'll take your word for that," Sirius chuckled.

"My suit would likely just get damaged, and I don't have any armor," Harry replied. "I shouldn't need any either."

"You did test the spell in the way I suggested, right?" Luna asked, and he smiled.

"I did," Harry replied. "I can't imagine the firechicken over there is more powerful than the one I sparred with."

"Shh," Rias shushed him. "I want our every preparation to be a surprise for him, and even if he can't read lips, someone over there surely can. How are you feeling?"

"As confident as I was earlier," Harry replied. "I made sure that you wouldn't have to marry him already, and now I'm going to do everything in my power to make sure he regrets ever hearing your name."

"I love it when you talk dirty," Rias smirked.

"His ego is his weakness," Akeno said. "Exploit it however you can to get under his skin."

"I just don't see the resemblance," Fleur murmured. "I guess we look a little alike, but they don't look all that Veela-like."

"You are probably related to Aphrodite too," Hermione pointed out.

"The young one next to Riser is almost Veela levels of cute," Luna commented, resisting the urge to wave as the girl in question looked at her. "Good luck, Harry."

"Good luck," Fleur and Hermione said in unison.

"If you can hold your own against Grayfia, you can beat him," Kiba reasoned.

"Kick his ass," Koneko said flatly, glaring at the man who nearly married her master.

"Fighting for the woman you love," Sirius sighed. "James would have killed for an opportunity like this with Snivellus."

"Just be safe," Rias breathed, hugging him.

"Yeah, after all, you have a wedding night to get to later," Akeno grinned.

They continued to wish him luck as Sirzechs and Ajuka stood up, and the latter sent out a wave of power that drew everyone's attention to them.

"The field is set up, and the duel can begin," Sirzechs announced. "Not everyone here has witnessed a Rating Game before, so we'll take a moment to explain the basics."

"The field these two will be sent to is a pocket of the Dimensional Gap protected by a powerful barrier," Ajuka explained. "Within it, fatal injuries cannot kill, and anyone sufficiently wounded will be teleported back here for treatment."

"We have a couple vials of phoenix tears on hand for the aftermath of the duel so that the wedding can continue from there," Sirzechs continued. "This is a duel to settle a dispute between two pillar houses, and, whatever the outcome, I speak for four of us Great Satans when I say that I hope it marks the end of that dispute."

"I would certainly hope so," a deep, rumbling voice called out, and everyone turned to see a middle-aged man walk in. He wore a three-piece suit that looked even more high-end than what Harry had purchased and walked in with an air of absolute confidence he'd only seen before in figures that truly knew with all their soul that no one around them was a threat. The entire hall went silent at his entrance, and more than one devil was openly gawking, as though his presence came as a great shock.

As Harry looked at him, thinking that his dark hair and beard looked familiar, he asked, "Who's he? Rias?"

"Lord Zekram," Rias whispered, her voice tinged with obvious shock.

"I take it he wasn't invited?" Sirius asked.

"He wasn't expected," Akeno clarified. "He's one of the original devils, the ones made by Lucifer and Lilith themselves."

"Oh, shit," Sirius breathed. "How old is he?"

"I wouldn't suggest that you ask him that or, indeed, make eye contact," Rias replied. "He's very, very powerful and not well-known for his patience."

"Sounds like my grandfather," Sirius muttered.

"Grandfather," Venelana breathed, flying over to him. "I...we weren't sure that you'd be able to find time to attend."

"As busy as I am, I can make time to attend this," Zekram replied, clearly enjoying the numerous shocked looks he was getting. "I hope I made it in time for the duel."

"It was about to begin, my lord," Zeoticus replied, and Zekram grinned, making his way towards Minobella, who quickly moved aside to make room for him.

Rias shared a look with her mother as she approached, and her heart rate spiked when she saw that she had no more of an idea than she did about why the eldest Bael had come.

"Everyone take your seats," Venelana commanded. "Harry, you're up."

She brushed her hand against his as she gestured for him to make his way back up to the front, and he didn't even notice that she'd cast a spell until he heard her voice in his head.

"Pay Lord Zekram's presence no heed," she commanded. "Your task here remains the same. Fight Riser, win if you can, but either way, just give us all a good show."

"Yes, Ma'am," Harry replied, figuring that whatever the deal with Zekram's unexpected attendance, it could be figured out later.

He felt her undo the communication spell just as he reached Riser, who was already standing next to Sirzechs and Ajuka.

"Gentlemen, once you get there, the countdown will begin," Ajuka said. "If either of you begin before it hits zero, the duel will end and you'll be declared the loser. Is that understood?"

"Yes," Harry replied.

"As you will," Riser said dismissively as Sirzechs conjured the display for the audience.

He barely had a moment to realize that they were being sent to an open, cracked, barren wasteland before Ajuka murmured, "Good luck to you both."
The two of them were engulfed in green light, and a moment later they reappeared in the barren field that had been set up for them. It was remarkably realistic, being oppressively hot and dry, and the feeling of the sun beating down on him was so similar to how it felt on Earth that he didn't know how quickly he'd have caught onto the fact that they weren't there had he not known.

"You're brave, boy," Riser sneered. "I'll give you that, but bravery can only take you so far."

"Man, am I just an asshole magnet?" Harry thought to himself, looking coolly over at his opponent. "I swear they all sound the same too."

Riser was wearing the same suit he'd worn to the wedding, his button-up white shirt tight enough to show that his physique was similar to Harry's own. Whether that was because he genuinely didn't care if it got damaged at all or because he was so arrogant he didn't think he'd take a single hit in this duel, he couldn't say, but the contrast between them was plain. The blonde man looked eager for the fight, having clearly been looking forward to it for weeks now, while Harry looked calm and collected. Above their heads, they both noticed the number sixty appear, and Harry revealed his wings and horns, keeping the tail hidden.

"What?" Riser asked. "Nothing to say?"

"I'll let my fists and my magic do the talking, Riser," Harry replied. "Just remember, you wanted this."

"You...you actually think you're going to win this," Riser laughed. "I've been fighting actual devil opponents for longer than you've known that we exist. I'm nearly undefeated in the Rating Games, and I…"

"You're not speaking in the third person anymore," Harry interrupted him, his green eyes looking amused. "Was I really the first person you ever met with the balls to call you out on that?"

"You have no idea what an indignity it is to sit and watch you strut about with Rias," Riser hissed. "Our marriage would have been a boon for the entire Underworld; our children would be right terrors if they inherited our abilities. What do you bring to the table that can compare to that?"

"The ability to see her as more than a body and a womb," Harry glared. "If you hadn't been such an utter dickhead to her, she might have actually been willing to marry you, but you just couldn't help yourself."

"You have the nerve to lecture me?" Riser hissed, his fiery wings spreading out from his back. "You, who was a mere human not two full months ago? You're not worthy to kiss my boots, let alone marry the heiress of a pillar house!"

"And yet here I am," Harry smiled.

"You're not even smart enough to be afraid," Riser glowered, and he chuckled.

"Riser, I've had people trying to kill me since I was a year old," Harry said, and he was pleased to see a spark of genuine curiosity form in the other man's blue eyes. "Have you ever fought for your life? Even once?"

"I…" Riser went to say only for the number above their heads to hit zero. "Alas, you won't be fighting for your life here, but that doesn't mean I can't try anyway!"

He roared that last word, and Harry had but a moment to prepare before he unleashed a torrent of flame in his direction. His mage armor spell kicked in a second before the flames hit him, and he hissed as the wave of heat engulfed him entirely, making him break out in a sweat immediately. The shimmering barrier around his skin shone a bright blue as it absorbed and negated the damage, turning just slightly mauve as Riser ended his attack.

"You didn't even ru...what?" he demanded, seeing Harry completely unharmed.

"Impressive," the incubus replied, grinning. "Almost as hot as dragonfire, but not quite."

He shot his hand outward, and a swirling vortex of icy wind and rain rushed towards Riser, who flew up immediately. The Cone of Cold clipped his foot, and he hissed in pain, glaring down at Harry, who took the air as well.

"So you're not a complete novice," Riser scowled. "I'm still going to melt the flesh from your bones before this is done."

He charged forward, his hand engulfed in flames, and punched towards Harry's middle. He strafed to the side and barely managed to shield himself in ice before the blonde's follow-up attack hit. Flying backward, he froze most of Riser's flames as they reached out towards him, feeling the magic armor he'd summoned start to buckle under the impact of those he missed, and began levitating heavy rocks from the ground up into the air. His foe heard the one racing towards his head coming and dodged to the side just in time, glaring at him as he made them swirl around his body.

"I can melt stone too," Riser hissed, breathing in deeply and exhaling sharply.

His form became enwreathed in flames as he prepared to attack again, and Harry set to work using the rocks he'd pulled towards him. With greater speed than he ever could have managed back before he became a devil, he transfigured the stones into eagles and animated them to attack Riser. The son of the House of Phenex laughed at the uninspired attack and happily sent a wall of fire jetting into the first two birds, which melted under the extreme heat. Having anticipated this, Harry waited until they were just in reach before transfiguring them again into napalm. The thick, sticky liquid caught fire and, its momentum unchanged by the fire that engulfed it, fell upon Riser's head and chest.

"Ahh!" he screamed, his vision going black as the burning napalm coated his eyes completely, and Harry grinned, focusing his magic on the final spell in the chain.

A massive glowing fist appeared above Riser and slammed into him as he was trying to rid himself of the napalm, crushing him into the ground. The sound of the impact was deafening, and the crater created by Bigby's Crushing Fist was enormous. Knowing that his foe was nowhere near done, he directed the rest of the stone eagles to pursue, and Riser screamed as their razor-sharp talons tore into his back. Harry took a deep breath and channeled his magic into an icy ball, intending to freeze him and the crater he was in, when he saw a small jet of fire come zooming his way. He didn't even have to dodge it, and he smiled as he thought that his foe had to have still been blind, only to be proven wrong the next second as the thin jet curled around and struck him in the back.

"Gah!" Harry cried out, agony shooting through his body as the fiery whip cut down to the bone, slicing clean through his already damaged armor, and he faltered under the burning pain, falling to the ground.

"That was... an annoyingly good display," Riser hissed, melting the remaining eagles and rolling out of the way of them as they turned to napalm too.

Rising to his feet, he glared down at Harry, who stood up shakily. The smell of his own burning flesh filled his nose, and he shuddered to think how bad his back had to look. Every breath hurt, his expanding ribs straining his burned skin with every movement, and he forced himself to ignore the pain, focusing instead on Riser. His shirt and blazer were ruined, scraps of them clinging to his singed, burned skin, and he looked utterly furious as he marched towards him. Fire engulfed his body, and as it disappeared, the damage was completely undone. Even his hair, which had been burned away by the napalm, grew back, and his furious eyes grew back in as though nothing had even happened.

"I must admit, I wouldn't have expected you to use fire against a Phenex, even as a distraction," Riser said, sounding like he was barely restraining his rage. "As you can see, though, no matter what you do against me, or how many blows you land, it will all be for naught. Like all Phenexes, I am immortal."

"Well, as I said before, I've already beaten one immortal dickhead," Harry spat, taking his fighting stance and resummoning his armor. "It's just a matter of striking at the source of it. Looks like I'm going to need plan B after all."

Riser shot towards him like a rocket, his fiery fists drawn back as he prepared to brawl with Harry, and the former wizard shielded himself in ice, hoping that this would work the way he wanted it to.

*****

"Impressive," Minobella murmured. "The boy's been trained well."

"It won't be enough," Ravel Phenex hissed, glaring at the older woman, and her mother grabbed her shoulder, her talon-like nails pricking it warningly.

"Be polite now, Ravel," Regina said. "This fight is your brother's, not yours."

"Yes, Mother," Ravel replied, blushing in embarrassment.

"A simple talent for magic then?" Mephisto Pheles asked, looking at Zeoticus. "I'd have thought he'd need a little more than that to be allowed to marry your heir."

"Our Rias chose him, and we accepted that," Zeoticus replied simply as the girl in question gripped the armrests of her chair hard enough to make her knuckles turn white.

"Fuck, that looks bad," she thought to herself, seeing the deep, charred gouge in her lover's back as he traded blows with Riser. "I hate that he has to do this for me."

"The Phoenix tears will heal him," she heard Hermione say under her breath next to her, as though needing to hear the words aloud.

All of their lovers were watching with varying degrees of open fear in their eyes, and she looked around discreetly to see how their guests looked. Most looked amused, with a few of them, like Serafall and Sona, looking surprised. Only one looked completely different, his purple eyes utterly calculating, and that was Zekram.

Venelana barely felt the probe of magic in her head, and her eyes flickered to her antediluvian ancestor, knowing that no other would dare do such a thing to her.

"Little Lana, I am surprised," Zekram said, his rumbling voice echoing through her mind. "When I heard of this engagement, I figured that the boy must have a Longinus level Sacred Gear or else be the long-lost descendant of one of the extinct houses, yet all I see here is a magician turned devil of some talent. What is unique enough about him to warrant letting your only daughter wed him? And don't say that it was just her choice and you accepted it without a word. I know you better."

"There is something unique about him, but I would rather discuss this in private," Venelana replied, and she nearly winced when she felt his flicker of anger in her head.

"Do you doubt my power, girl?" Zekram asked, his face impassive but his eyes hardening slightly. "None will hear what we say here."

"He's an incubus," Venelana replied, knowing that keeping it from him any longer would be a mistake, and her lips twitched upward a little as, for the first time in her long life, she saw a flicker of shock pass across her ancient ancestor's face.

"How?" Zekram asked.

"An experiment of Rizevim Lucifer, apparently," Venelana replied.

"Since when does that sniveling brat experiment with things like this?" Zekram asked.

"You'd know him better than I," Venelana replied. "All I know is that he did something to Harry as a babe that resulted in him transforming into an incubus rather than a simple devil when Rias turned him. His mother summoned Rizevim for help with a threat to the boy's life back then."

"A pity for her, I'm sure," Zekram thought. "You should have brought this to me sooner."

"I'm sorry, but I wanted to keep it quiet until they were married," Venelana replied. "Sirzechs wants to keep it quiet for as long as possible so that it doesn't interfere with his negotiations with the other factions."

"Well, at least now I understand the urgency," Zekram said, his calculating eyes taking in the fight with renewed interest. "He's put up enough of a fight against Riser at this point that they've both acquitted themselves well. Rex and Regina should be pleased enough with the duel."

"Let's hope," Venelana huffed, and he chuckled, breaking the connection between them. "Well, he was going to find out eventually. We'll just have to deal with his interest once he shows it."

*****

Harry grunted as he landed hard on the ground, having been sent flying by Riser's concussive blast. He turned just in time to land on his side, not wanting to further irritate his badly burned back, and he swore at the flash of pain he felt in his shoulder. A massive jet of bone-searing flame followed him to the ground, and he unleashed an overpowered Cone of Cold to meet it. The fire and ice let off steam that soaked the dry, cracked ground between them, and Riser growled in frustration as he saw Harry get back to his feet.

"Why won't you just stay down?!" he roared, beyond furious that the duel had gone on as long as it had at that point.

He'd gone into this thinking that he was going to completely overpower his opponent, not imagining for a moment that someone who had only been a devil for a couple months could possibly give him any trouble. One ruined suit, two regrown eyes, and countless mended bones later, he could safely say that Harry Potter was a greater pain in the ass than he'd ever imagined, and if not for how battered his foe looked, he'd have been genuinely livid by then. He'd given as good as he got, and the numerous burns, scrapes, and bruises that littered the younger man's torso and face gave him some satisfaction, but that only made his continuing insistence on staying in the fight all the more vexing.

"You haven't beaten me yet," Harry muttered, sending a bolt of lightning at Riser, only to swear when he just batted it aside. He'd known that he was going to need to frustrate him for his plan B to work, not anger him, but wear him down little by little, and as he saw the man breathing more heavily, he thought that he just might have pulled that off. "I'm likely only going to get one shot at this, because if he learns what this spell is and manages to defend against it, I'm going to have to rely on something else. I better make this count."

As he prepared to use what he hoped would be his trump card, he recalled how this particular plan had taken shape in the first place.

*****

"This is really fascinating stuff," Hermione said. "I barely understand half of what I'm reading."

"I'm just glad we can read this language," Harry muttered. "I'd have thought it might be an exception, being angelic."

"I can't believe that Enochian really is an angelic language," Hermione chuckled. "I thought for sure that it was just made up by John Dee and Edward Kelley."

"If I remember correctly, it was Azazel himself who shared it with them," Rias said.

"Do you know why?" Luna asked.

"Boredom, I imagine," Hermione replied. "His journals read like they were written by a man who bores easily and is constantly looking for things to amuse him. His interest in Sacred Gears seems to be one of his most long-standing obsessions."

"Azazel fell because of lust, but there's pride in him too," Zeoticus commented, looking through the shelves of the omnilibrary. "If he could master the sacred gears, something made by the Tyrant, he'd show that he's just as capable as his old master. Ahh, there it is."

"Found what you were looking for?" Harry asked.

"I did indeed," Zeoticus smiled, grabbing a rather thick-looking tome and disappearing a moment later, engulfed by the light of a summoning circle.

"Only you would be this excited to find something you don't understand," Fleur teased, and Hermione chuckled.

"It just means I need to research it more," she smiled. "Some of his work with the Sacred Gears is pretty understandable, though. He figured out a way to remove them from their hosts and put them in other people."

"Safely?" Rias asked, intrigued.

"Not for the person it's taken from," Hermione replied. "Sacred Gear removal is fatal in all cases, but they can be safely given to others, though he theorizes that the most powerful of them could fight against their new hosts if they didn't care for them."

"Interesting," Harry murmured. "Of course, that doesn't do me any good. Even if we knew of someone with one of them and were willing to sacrifice them to empower me, it wouldn't be something I could use against Rizevim."

"I can't believe he's just immune to them," Akeno said.

"Yeah, if he was a video game character, I'd call his powers bullshit," Rias muttered.

"I'd wager that it was something Lucifer did intentionally," Hermione murmured. "His trueborn son just happens to be immune to the greatest creations of his greatest foe? I hardly believe that's a coincidence."

"We might be able to ask him, depending on what killed him," Harry grinned.

"I wouldn't suggest it," Leviathan chimed in, her voice echoing through his head. "The Lightbringer hated humans, owing to the Tyrant's love for them, and he would very much consider you human still."

"I'm surprised you don't have a problem with what I was," Harry said, and he swore he could practically feel her shrug in his head.

"I'm more pragmatic than the big guy," Leviathan replied. "The Evil Pieces are a genuinely brilliant creation, and the idea of being able to turn any sapient being into a devil to be used against our enemies is so amazing that I'd have done unspeakable things to have thought of it in life."

"Found it!" Luna exclaimed, and they all turned to look at her. "So, Rias, you said that Riser's pretty much immortal because of the whole 'consuming a phoenix' thing, right?"

"Yes," Rias replied. "Like the rest of his family, he can recover from pretty much any injury and keep fighting at peak strength for as long as his demonic energy remains high."

"The trick to beating him will be exhausting him," Akeno replied. "He's not truly immortal, and he could still be killed by someone significantly stronger than him…"

"My brother, for instance, would atomize him if they fought seriously," Rias chimed in.

"But in your case, your best bet will be tiring him out, beating him down over and over again until he starts to exhaust his magical reserves," Akeno replied. "That torture curse you mentioned might work, though given his absolute certainty about his own immortality, he could potentially fight through it."

"The cruciatus curse also takes a great deal of focus, so if he struck back while I was using it, I might not be able to respond in time," Harry added, having considered it.

"What did you find, Luna?" Fleur asked.

"When we were discussing Riser before, you said that another key part of his power was his mental stability," Luna said, and Rias nodded.

"All of our magic relies on us being able to focus," the crimson-haired beauty replied. "That's at least as true of devils as it is for wizards and witches."

"So if we were able to mess with his mind, would that disrupt his powers sooner?" Luna asked, and Rias blinked slowly, considering it.

"I imagine so," she replied. "Show me the spell you found."

"I came across it in this spellbook ages ago but couldn't remember which specific one it was in," Luna replied, turning the book around and sliding it towards her and Harry.

Hermione, Fleur, and Akeno all gathered around to look at the spell she'd found, and after they'd finished reading, not a single one of them wasn't grinning devilishly.

*****

"You really should just give up," Riser sneered. "I'll admit you're tougher than I expected and annoyingly durable, but just look at you. Only one of us looks like he's been in a fight for the past...however long this has been, and it isn't me. No matter how long it takes, how many times I have to knock you down, and how many lucky blows you get in in the process, I will win, Potter. You…"

"Do you ever tire of hearing yourself speak?" Harry hissed, and Riser staggered back, the words feeling like physical blows in his head.

"What are you…" he went to ask when Harry just chuckled.

"I'm right about the whole third-person thing, aren't I?" he laughed. "Your whole life, no one dared point out just how fucking stupid you sounded when you spoke about yourself like that. The servants being too scared I can understand, but did no one in your family care enough to take you aside?"

"Shut up!" Riser hissed, throwing a ball of fire at Harry that went hilariously wide.

"Well, it's affecting his aim as promised," the incubus thought to himself.

The first time he read about Vicious Mockery, a spell that was described as being quite minor in the text Luna had shown him, he thought, as she did, that it sounded far more versatile and powerful than the book suggested. Magically charged insults that strike right at the mind of your foe? That sounded like something that could do a lot more than just make someone more likely to miss you when they next attacked. If he could strike at the very mind of his foe, especially one whose power was tied to their mental stability, who knew what damage that might do?

"Does anyone actually respect you, or have you just been humored all your life by people who wanted to curry favor with your family?" Harry continued, and Riser took a step back, the spell making his head throb and an icy chill of doubt go down his spine.

"I said shut up!" Riser shouted, drawing desperately on his magic as he prepared a wave of burning fire.

The wall of flame he unleashed was sporadic and ill-formed, and as Harry responded with a Cone of Cold, his opponent had to fly away to avoid getting hit. He sent a vicious organ-melting curse behind the last vestiges of his icy torrent and grinned when it struck true, hitting Riser's right kidney. He screamed in pain, the agony the spell caused making him lose focus on his flight, and fell down just as Harry reached him. Fire engulfed his lower back, his regenerative powers restoring the kidney, but it was noticeably slower, and as the continuing pain wreaked havoc on his already shaken mind, he didn't react in time when Harry punched him across the face. He grunted, feeling his lower lip split and one of his teeth break away, and caught his follow-up punch with his open palm, engulfing it in fire.

Harry screamed as he felt his left hand burn and pulled Riser in, smashing his head down into the man's nose. It broke with a sickening crunch, and the blonde man staggered back, letting go of his badly burned hand. Noticing that Riser was stunned, Harry pulled at the ground around them, ripping out every stone he could touch. He didn't bother transfiguring these ones and just hurled them at his opponent.

"What the...gah...hell did you...fuck...do to me?!" Riser roared, only managing to stop half the heavy stones that pelted his body.

The rate at which his body was repairing itself was slowing down rapidly, his control over his magic slipping as he took more and more damage, and he was barely able to riposte with a bolt of fire. The small flame singed Harry's shoulder as he dodged a second too late, his own movements slowed by his growing fatigue, but he couldn't even enjoy that as the dark-haired man responded with a powerful bolt of lightning. He raised a magic shield, but it was weak, and the lightning bolt cut clean through it, slamming into his chest. Sent flying, he saw stars before he crashed into the ground and tried desperately to get up, finding his body slow to respond.

"Wha...what?" he stammered, barely able to comprehend what was happening.

Pain arced through his entire body, the aftershocks of the lightning continuing to make his muscles contract and spasm torturously. His body wasn't healing, the immortality that had given him such unshakable confidence through his entire life failing him utterly, and as Harry approached him, surrounded by floating knives and swords he'd conjured, for the first time that he could remember, he felt true fear.

"That's enough!" Ravel cried, appearing in front of him in a plume of flame, shaking she was so upset.

"It will be enough when he surrenders," Harry replied, his voice low and rumbling as he stared down into the young blonde's wet eyes. "Stand aside."

Ravel stared up at the young man she'd dismissed so utterly before, feeling fear and something she really didn't want to contemplate as his green eyes bored into her, utterly brimming with power.

"That actually is enough," Ajuka's voice drawled, and all three of them were suddenly engulfed in green light, appearing a moment later in the middle of the great hall.

"Harry!" Rias exclaimed, flying over to him and wrapping her arms around his sweat-soaked, shirtless form.

He leaned on her, panting for breath. It seemed like the moment he knew the fight was over, everything he'd been trying hard to ignore came roaring to the surface of his consciousness. The pain of a hundred different injuries weighed on him, and when she brought the open vial of phoenix tears to his lips, he drank it more quickly than he'd ever drunk anything in his life.

"What did you do to my son?" Rex asked, eyeing Harry curiously.

"Oh, right, hang on a moment," Harry replied, undoing his vicious mockery spell.

The physical effects were immediate, as Riser's injuries healed in plumes of flame, but the haunted look in his eyes remained.

"He needed to be beaten years ago, truth be told," Harry thought to himself. "With luck, this will give him a much-needed hint of humility and help him grow as a person rather than make me a lifelong enemy."

Either way, he'd deal with whatever consequences came of this duel down the line. Fighting Riser had given him a clear indication of just how much he'd progressed over the last year, and while he knew that he had a long, long way left to go before he'd be a match for Rizevim, he couldn't deny that he felt really good about his progress so far. As he looked over at the redhead, clinging to his arm and watching his injuries like a hawk as they healed, he remembered another reason he had to feel good.

"You know, I did take a couple blows to the head during that, so I might be mistaken, but weren't we about to get married?" Harry asked, and Rias tried and failed to stop herself from laughing at that.

"I think it's high time you two got married," Venelana replied. "You'll just need to get redressed, Harry."

"I doubt many of our guests would complain if I married him just like this," Rias grinned, running her hands over his bare chest, only to yelp as a sudden shock made her pull back.

Venelana waved her hand at them, and Harry felt the sweat and grime from the fight disappear entirely just as his shirt, tie, and blazer reappeared on him.

He looked over at Sirius and the others, all of whom looked utterly relieved, and flashed them a smile as Rias took his hand and led him back towards the high table.

"You'll forgive us if we choose to take our son home to recover," Regina murmured to Venelana, who nodded.

"Despite the outcome, I hope you consider this unpleasantness between our families to be over," Venelana said quietly, and Rex nodded.

"It was a well-fought duel," the man said, eyeing his son, who flinched under his gaze. "Riser had a chance to express his dissatisfaction with everything and gave it his all. We couldn't ask for more than that."

"Come along," Regina commanded, looking at her other children, who followed them out without a word.

Ravel gave one last look at Harry, her expression one of confusion, before rushing off after her parents.

"You two were about to exchange vows," Sirzechs prompted them, and Rias smiled up at Harry. Looking out at the crowd, he added, "After all, I trust that everyone here is far more aware now of just why my sister wants to marry her husband-to-be here."

"Seeing him shirtless helped explain a few things," Serafall quipped, and quite a few of the gathered devils laughed.

Harry looked at her in surprise for a moment, but as he saw Sirzechs nod almost imperceptibly at her, he realized that her comment was something she made for the older man's benefit, breaking the tension and focusing everyone back on him and Rias. Sirius approached and handed him the ring, a gorgeous gold band studded with red diamonds that he'd found in his vault and that had apparently belonged to a grandmother of his back in the day. He took it in his hand, rubbing his thumb over it, and turned to look at Rias, who was smiling beatifically up at him, her blue eyes shining with unshed tears.

"When I summoned you last year, I didn't have the first clue what I was doing," he said softly. "I was lost, forced into something dangerous that I was nowhere near prepared for, and desperate for help. When I found the ritual that I used, I was willing to give anything for your help, but I had no idea just what you'd end up offering me. You didn't just help save my life in the tournament I was forced into; you saved me completely, showing me a life I never imagined I could have. I could list a thousand reasons why I love you, but the greatest one is that you showed me I could, that I could love and be loved. That is a gift I can never repay you for, but I promise to spend the rest of my life trying. I adore you, Rias Gremory, and I want nothing more than to be yours for eternity."

She started crying, her heart feeling like it might burst; she was so happy, and when he took her left hand in his and slipped her ring onto her finger, she started to sob.

"Why the hell did I not insist on going first?" Rias asked, destroying her tears before they could ruin her makeup, and a few of the women in the crowd laughed at that.

"Take your time, luv," Harry said softly. "We could have millennia together. What's a few minutes?"

"Just remember that we can't actually be here for millennia," Minobella quipped, making Rias laugh.

Akeno brought her ring for him over as she finished composing herself, and she took it happily, giggling when she saw that the raven-haired beauty was crying too.

"Oh, I almost considered fighting against your summons," Rias said, smiling up at Harry. "I was having an awful day and considered it to be annoying more than anything. I can't tell you how glad I am that I didn't because that would have been the worst mistake of my life. Instead, I let myself be summoned away to England of all places and ended up landing on the bed of the most handsome boy I'd ever laid eyes on. I've watched that boy grow into a confident, capable, very powerful man in the months since, and I can't tell you how proud I am to be able to say that I've played a part in that, but you're not the only one who's changed and grown. I'm a better woman today than I was when we met and a better devil, and that is because of you. Letting you summon me is one of the best decisions I've ever made in my life, second only to the one I'm making right now. I love you, Harry Potter; I want to be your wife; I want to be yours now and forever, and I vow to spend all my years adoring you as you deserve, showering you in every happiness that I can."

She slipped the ring onto his finger, and he pulled her into a heated kiss before anyone could say anything. More than a few of their guests laughed at that, and Zeoticus said, "I guess I didn't need to say that part."

"By your own choice and will, you are now husband and wife," Venelana declared, her purple eyes alight with pride and glee. "Please join me in…"

Neither Rias nor Harry heard a word she said after that, lost as they were in each other, and they continued to kiss passionately until someone tapped Harry on the shoulder, interrupting them.

"We're continuing on into the ballroom," Grayfia said as an amused-looking man stood behind her.

"Oh right, the dance," Harry smiled as Rias rested her head on his chest.

"The servants need a few minutes to set this room up for the feast," Sirzechs said, and they both nodded.

"Tell Mother and Father that we'll be along in a couple minutes," Rias begged. "I just want to hold him for a moment."

"Will do," Sirzechs smiled, clapping Harry on the shoulder. "Welcome to the family."

"I am, aren't I?" Harry chuckled, not feeling like it was real yet. "Thank you, and thank you, Grayfia, for helping me prepare for today."

"You did the hard work," Grayfia said softly. "I mostly beat you to a pulp until you improved."

"It worked," Harry smiled.

As the two of them left, Harry and Rias realized that the entire room had emptied while they were kissing without either of them noticing.

"You were magnificent," Rias purred, desire clear in her voice, and he grinned as he looked down at her.

"If I reached under this gorgeous dress right now, how wet would my hand get?" Harry asked, ghosting the back of his knuckles over her flat belly and down towards her mound.

"Soaked," Rias gasped, grinding herself against his hand as he reached between her legs. "I was so scared through the fight, even knowing that you couldn't be killed, but the moment it turned, all I felt was lust. I want nothing more than to mount you here and now."

"Patience, luv," Harry grinned, feeling his cock throb in his pants at the sheer desire in her eyes, nearly black with lust. "Tonight is just going to be you and I, and by the time we get to bed, I want you to be shaking with need."

"Practically there already," Rias purred. "I have a surprise planned for you."

"Oh?" Harry asked, and she grinned.

"It's one you're going to like, I promise," Rias whispered in his ear, sucking the lobe into her mouth, making him gasp.

She took his hand and led him away, looking down at the new ring on her finger as though it was the most precious thing in the world.

*****

"You look so beautiful, Rias," Seekvaira gushed.

"So do you," Rias smiled, looking down at her cousin's body. Her navy gown clung to her figure beautifully, showing off her wide hips and narrow waist, while the neckline, conservative by devil standards, still showed off a vast expanse of her large, creamy breasts.

"Your husband was more impressive than I expected him to be," Sona said. "Given your description of his abilities, I figured he'd hold his own against Riser, but I didn't expect him to actually beat him."

"Husband," Rias smiled dreamily, and Seekvaira giggled.

"I don't think she heard a word of that after that one," her cousin said.

"I did, and truth be told, he exceeded even my expectations," Rias replied, looking over at Harry, who was chatting with her cousin Sairoarg. "Lucifer's light, I could have him right here."

"I think half your guests wouldn't mind that at all," Seekvaira grinned. "Having him fight shirtless was a gift we're all quite appreciative of."

"He's been putting your birthday gift to good use," Rias grinned. "Remind me to do something very nice for you for that down the line."

"You know me," Seekvaira said, "I'm always happy to be of help to my friends."

"Even Serafall seemed impressed by him earlier," Sona commented, and the green-haired girl looked at her old friend in confusion.

"What's up with them anyway?" Seekvaira asked. "I've gotten the sense that Lady Serafall isn't all that fond of him."

"You know my sister," Sona said flatly. "Who can ever figure out why she does what she does?"

"The only thing that ever makes Serafall upset is when someone threatens or insults or looks funny at Sona," Seekvaira reasoned. "Sona hasn't acted like Harry's done anything wrong to her, so whatever the reason for her odd reaction to him, it might be related to the secret about him."

Rias still hadn't told her anything, and she'd honestly given up on asking, thinking that it was more fun to try to figure it out anyway. Her most recent theory had been that he was a human descendant of one of the pillar houses, as that might explain him requiring four pawns to be turned, but he hadn't used any unique abilities in his fight against Riser, just the sort of magic she'd have expected of someone with his background.

"It continues to be an interesting mystery," she thought to herself.

"So, Rias," Akeno grinned, embracing her from behind. "Is there any chance that you'll tell us what your big surprise is tonight for Harry?"

"You don't already know?" Sona asked, blushing lightly. "I mean, you are…"

"None of us girls are joining them tonight," Fleur sighed, resting her head on Rias' shoulder. "We agreed that, for their wedding night at least, they should enjoy themselves alone."

Rias' lips twitched, and Seekvaira grinned, thinking, "I wonder who she's bringing into their bed tonight."

Her cousin had given her little glimpses into the very active sex life she'd ended up with over the last year, enough for her to know that her husband's talents between the sheets were among her reasons for marrying him. Looking over at him and seeing that he was speaking with Kiba and Rias' bishop, whose name she couldn't remember and who seemed to be weighing whether or not to try crawling under a table just then, she smiled, happy for her.

"Goodness knows who I'll end up with," she thought to herself, being under no illusions about whether or not her parents would arrange some sort of betrothal down the line. "So long as he isn't a complete ass, I'm not that picky."

"Rias, a word," Venelana said, and the redhead nodded, smiling at her friends before following her mother out onto the nearby balcony. "Congratulations."

"We both know you wouldn't call me out here just to say that," Rias commented, and her mother sighed.

"Indeed," she replied, creating a destructive barrier around them from which no sound would escape. "Lord Zekram asked me point-blank during the ceremony what Harry is and I told him."

"Ah," Rias nodded. "Should I be worried?"

"To an extent one should always be worried when he's involved," Venelana replied. "He's bound to reach out at some point to arrange a private meeting with Harry, and we'll prepare him for that ahead of time, but he's not likely to interfere in any way. He knows well what a boon this is for our family."

"When will we tell the others?" Rias asked. "They'll find out eventually."

"On that matter, I'm going to defer to your brother," Venelana replied. "Once word gets out, it will spread, and our enemies will learn of it. I'll leave it to him to determine how much of a threat they'll be."

"Considering that they hunted down and exterminated the incubi and succubi last time, I doubt they'll take it well," Rias fretted, and her mother smiled softly.

"That was during the height of the Great War," Venelana reminded her. "Things are somewhat different now, but whatever comes, we'll handle it, and I don't want you worrying about that today. Focus on that new husband of yours and let your mother worry for you."

"Thank you for all of this," Rias replied. "I was furious with you for so long about Riser, but if you hadn't challenged me with him, I might never have found what I have with Harry."

"You asserted yourself and found a way to defy me, which benefited us all," Venelana replied warmly, hugging her. "You acted as any true devil should, and I am so very proud of you, dear."

"Thank you," Rias replied. "Now, I think I'm going to go find my husband and whisk him away for the night."

"Things are starting to wind down," Venelana murmured. "Enjoy yourself, Rias."

"I always do with him," Rias grinned, walking back inside as her mother undid the barrier.

"...so I decided, why not try to see if the Evil Pieces will work on dragons?" Mephisto said, stroking his well-trimmed grey beard. "I'm sure you'll agree that the results were most worthwhile."

"Yeah, Tannin's great," Harry replied. "I invited him, but he had something to do with his eldest son that he needed to take care of today."

"I'll show him my memory of your fight," Mephisto replied. "That was quite...ah, young Rias."

"Mephisto, sir," Rias nodded. "Thank you again for lending us your queen for Harry's training."

"I was more than happy to," Mephisto nodded. "I'll leave you two alone."

"He's apparently really well connected to a number of wizarding circles," Harry replied, and Rias nodded.

"Yeah, he's always been particularly fascinated by them," Rias replied. "I think you and I have waited long enough to get going. Don't you?"

"I'd say we've been more than polite," Harry grinned, grasping her hip as he cupped her cheek.

"We will need to say something first," Rias shivered, looking up into his lust-darkened eyes. "If I could have everyone's attention?!"

Her voice carried through the ballroom, and all of their guests turned to look at her.

"Today has been the happiest day of my life, a day that I've been looking forward to more than I could express for months, and I am thankful that so many of you came out to celebrate it with me," Rias said, smiling widely. She knew that most of them had come out of societal obligation first and a desire to watch the duel second, but she also knew that magnanimity could have its uses and enjoyed the way so many of them were eyeing her husband warily. "Thank you all, and while I'm sure my parents will be more than happy to continue hosting you for the rest of the night, Harry and I have a rather pressing engagement to get to."

Her wording of that earned her more than a few laughs, and she grinned, taking Harry's hand.

"To Rias and Harry," Zeoticus called out, holding his glass of champagne in front of him. "May they enjoy many happy millennia together."

As the upper crust of the Underworld toasted them, some sincerely and many not, Rias and Harry flew off towards her bedroom, the both of them grinning as they heard a few wolf whistles behind them.

"What did Venelana take you aside for?" Harry asked once they were out of earshot, and she shook her head.

"Nothing worth discussing tonight," Rias replied, landing right in front of her bedroom door and smirking when she reached towards the door handle.

Harry paused, sensing a vast wellspring of lust on the other side, and took her hand in his before she reached it.

"Darling, who's there?" he asked. "I noticed all of our lovers back in the ballroom."

"Is there anyone you happened to notice was missing?" Rias grinned, opening the door with a wave of her hand and leading him inside.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck," came a whimpering voice as soon as they entered, and Harry's jaw dropped at the the sight that awaited him.

Lying in the middle of Rias' large, comfortable bed was a very naked Koneko, who was frantically rubbing her clit as her pussy leaked down onto the small puddle beneath her ass. Projected up on the canopy above her was a familiar sight of him, Rias, and all their lovers during one of their many orgies, and it seemed that the white-haired girl had been watching it for some time.

"Help me?" Koneko begged, her golden eyes nearly black as she looked at him.

"This one has been tormenting herself for months now, listening to us fuck while frigging herself silly, all while refusing to ask for the obvious solution to her plight," Rias grinned. "She finally broke and begged me to let her fuck you the other day, and I agreed, with a couple conditions."

"You are a wicked creature, my love," Harry grinned, kissing her hungrily, and Koneko moaned at the sight.

They made out frenziedly, neither one in a rush to get to their wet and wanton guest for the evening, and as they finally broke the kiss, pulling back so slowly that a strand of saliva continued to link their lips for a moment, they turned as one and looked down at her.

"Is this truly what you want, Koneko?" Harry asked, and she gasped, nodding frantically.

"So much," she replied. "Being around you sex-crazed lunatics all this time has been driving me insane."

"How do you like my wedding gift, Harry?" Rias purred, and he grinned at her.

"You know me so well," Harry replied, licking his lips.

Rias grinned and undressed them both with a wave of her hand, her own pussy already dripping wet with anticipation of the debauchery to come.

*****

Just outside the sleepy town of Kuoh, four dark-winged beings landed in a slight clearing in the woods, their feathered wings disappearing from view the moment their feet touched the ground.

"Ugh, I'm bored already," Mittelt groaned.

"Tell me you're not already complaining," Dohnaseek muttered, rolling his eyes at the diminutive blonde.

"Hey, I scouted the place out earlier," Mittelt scowled. "Nothing of value as far as the eye can see. I hate small towns like this; they're so dull. I doubt there's a single club in the whole damn thing."

"Oh, relax, Mittelt," Kalawarna sighed, twirling a lock of her long navy blue hair around a finger. "It's not like we're going to be here for long."

"The quiet nature of this place is what makes it so perfect," Raynare grinned. "You know why we're here."

"I know, I know," Mittelt muttered. "It's just boring."

"You're centuries old," Dohnaseek scoffed. "A few weeks in a quiet little town won't kill you."

"I might not be able to say the same about everyone I see if I get too bored, Dohnaseek," Mittelt smirked, and he scowled down at her, his fingers twitching and a spear of light flickering in and out of existence.

"If you two could pause the foreplay for a moment, I'd like a report," Raynare said flatly, and both fallen angels turned to look at her.

"The abandoned church is as you expected," Dohnaseek nodded. "It will take a little work, having been left to the elements for some time, but it will make a perfectly good base of operations."

"Our quarry is on her way here," Mittelt grinned. "How the silly little twit is going to actually make it here I'm not quite certain. Her plane ticket will take her close, but…"

"She's oddly resourceful for someone so hopelessly naive," Raynare replied. "If she gets lost, I'll send Freed to retrieve her; he's already in the country, but I want to see if she can manage it herself."

"You want to laugh at her failure if she doesn't," Kalawarna chuckled, and Raynare grinned.

"And you don't think that might be an unwise risk?" Dohnaseek asked. "We can't exactly...make use of her if she dies."

"Japan is one of the safest countries in the world," Raynare replied. "It's not like we airdropped her in North Korea or anything."

"There's an image," Kalawarna laughed. "Speaking of death, though, I took the liberty to check out our official quarry."

"You weren't spotted, I trust," Raynare glared, and the blue-haired angel returned the look.

"I'm not some wet-behind-the-ears rookie," Kalawarna hissed. "No, I wasn't spotted. I can't say the kid is all that impressive."

"Oh?" Dohnaseek asked.

"Average height, average build, pretty nondescript, and I don't think he has more than three or four thoughts a day that aren't about women's breasts," Kalawarna chuckled.

"We're fallen angels," Dohanaseek laughed. "It's not like anyone here is in a position to judge, and besides, he's a teenage boy."

"Yeah, even for them, he seems pretty extreme," Kalawarna replied, "trust me."

"Any idea what he has?" Raynare asked.

"No clue," Kalawarna replied. "Given how unremarkable he seems, I'm guessing that it's something minor."

"Twice critical or something equally common?" Mittelt asked. When Kalawarna nodded, she asked, "Can I kill him, then? It might relieve my boredom, at least for a little while."

"No," Raynare replied firmly. "We don't even truly know if we're going to kill him yet."

"If he's as pathetic as Kala here says, then it's not like he'll be of any use to us," Mittelt replied. "Unless you want to use him as practice for when that Africa girl gets here."

"Asia," Dohnaseek corrected her, and the blonde rolled her eyes.

"Whichever continent the little twit's named after," Mittelt huffed.

"I'll examine him myself and, if I don't think he'll be of any use to us, deal with him," Raynare replied with finality. "I was tasked with examining him, and as for using him as practice, I can't guarantee that I'll be able to stop the ritual halfway and I don't want to end up stuck with some common, weak sacred gear when I could have Twilight Healing instead."

"A fair point," Dohnaseek replied. "So what's the plan?"

"You three set up the church," Raynare replied. "I'll focus on our unknown sacred gear user and see what I can determine, and once Asia gets here, we'll set up the ritual and hopefully be out of here soon."

"You'll all be hoping that once you get a chance to look around, trust me," Mittelt snarked, and Raynare rolled her eyes, looking out at the town.

This was the spot where she was going to truly prove herself to Lord Azazel and Lord Shemhazai, where she'd take the power she desired and finally rise through the ranks of the Grigori through her own initiative. The Governor-General didn't know that she had come across his notes on the ritual she intended to use, and part of her did remain concerned that he'd be upset about that, but every fallen angel had earned their black wings by doing something that displeased their superiors, and she knew that Lord Azazel was generally one to say that it was better to ask for forgiveness than permission.

"Besides, once I have that healing ability, I'll be too invaluable to just discard," she thought to herself, grinning wickedly as she went over her plan in her mind again.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Markuz Black, Brawlingbard, Child of the Omnissiah and 169 others
voivode_writer
Feb 3, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 48 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Feb 17, 2026
Add bookmark
#974
Being a nekomata had its benefits; that, she couldn't deny, but for Koneko Toujou it had been a long time since she'd felt like they outweighed the downsides. For one thing, the fact that she was also a nekomata was what she'd feared had made her sister lose it as she had, murdering one of the devils who took them in and nearly condemning her to death. Much of the fear that had gripped her heart since that day lay in the terrifying notion that she too would succumb to that nature down the line and hurt one of the people she cared about. That wasn't the only downside to being what she was, though, as she'd learned repeatedly since moving to the Rookery.

"Yes, yes, yes!" she heard Akeno squeal from Rias' bedroom four weeks ago, making her groan and roll over.

To their credit, the harem did generally do their best to silence their room when they had sex, but sometimes, whether because Harry drove Rias to such heights of ecstasy that she lost control of the anti-sound barrier she'd set up, or because he just outlasted whatever enchantment they used, the noise bled through, and it never failed to drive her wild. She whimpered, feeling unbearable heat pool in her core as she blinked away the last vestiges of sleep. Just hearing them go at it was enough to make her feel like she was in heat, and that night was no exception.

"Fucking destroy my ass!" Akeno cried, shrieking like a banshee a moment later as Harry picked up his pace.

Koneko knew it was wrong, but she couldn't help it as she reached down under her panties, gasping in pleasure as they were peeled away from her wet flesh bit by bit. In her mind's eye, Harry either had the black-haired beauty on her hands and knees or, more impressively, held in his arms, her knees hooked around his arms as he pounded into her ass.

"Why'd he have to be so...him?" she whimpered, clasping a hand over her mouth to muffle her moans as she started rubbing her clit.

*****

"Oui!" Fleur cried two weeks ago. "Just like zat, just like zat!"

Koneko scowled at the door, setting down the book she'd read as the Veela's voice reached her. Everyone had been out a moment ago, and so she'd taken the opportunity to curl up in her bedroom with a novel she'd borrowed from the Gremory library. Clearly Harry and Fleur had also thought the tower was empty and hadn't even bothered to try silencing their room. She'd spent long enough overhearing them go at it to know that the blonde put on her old French accent to entice Harry from time to time and rolled her eyes when she heard her again.

"You eat pussy like a god, mon amour," Fleur cried. "Fucking hell, I love your tongue."

Koneko whimpered, unable to keep that image from entering her head, and she rubbed her thighs together, feeling her insides growing hot and wet. Cursing under her breath, she put her bookmark in place and set the novel aside before flying off and quietly opening her door.

"Just leave, you fucking idiot," she thought to herself, annoyed at her own weakness. "It's a beautiful day; you could just read outside somewhere."

Of course, she knew she wasn't going to do that. She lacked the willpower to just walk away when she realized that Harry was having sex with the others. Whether it was her animal nature, as she suspected, or she was just weak, she couldn't say, but all she knew was that she was drawn to him like a moth to a flame, and when she entered the hall and saw the room that the sounds were coming from, she shuddered. They hadn't even closed the door fully, clearly believing that they were home alone.

"Wait a minute?" she thought to herself. "Can't they sense lust? She's a Veela, and he's a freaking incubus. Why would they…"

She trailed off in her own mind, realizing that she wouldn't have been even slightly horny when they started, meaning that they could easily have missed her presence, but no sooner did that thought occur to her than another did.

"They'd sure sense me now," she thought to herself, going still.

She was already sopping wet, her pussy drooling so much that her panties had grown wet in mere moments. Harry and Fleur, even as distracted as they clearly were, would have felt her presence by then, and her heart raced in her chest at that revelation. She imagined herself going to the door and peeking her head in like she so desperately wanted to, and as she fantasized about that, the fantasy grew wilder.

"My my, mon amour," Fleur purred at the sight of her in her mind. "What have we here?"

"I'd say we have a very, very naughty kitty," Harry replied, grinning ferally at her. "A naughty kitty in need of some...discipline."

"Nope, fuck this," Koneko muttered to herself, chickening out and going back into her room to grab her book so she could teleport out.

*****

"Oh, fuck," Koneko gasped as she walked inside a week ago, smelling the scent of sex emanating from upstairs.

It wasn't so potent that a normal human would notice, at least not from the front door, but her sense of smell was far keener than that, and so, for her, it was like walking into the middle of an orgy in progress.

"Even when they remember to silence everything, I get tormented with it," Koneko thought to herself, flying upstairs.

The scent of sex grew thicker and thicker the higher she got, until she was practically swimming in it, and she gasped when she saw that the door to Rias' room was open. Like a cartoon animal floating towards the scent of fresh-baked pie, she flew towards it, too far gone to even try to convince herself to stop. Closer and closer she got until finally she was able to look inside, and what she saw when she finally did made her gasp.

"Fuck me," she thought to herself, looking at the ruined bed in the center of the room.

It hadn't been a full orgy like they normally did, and in fact, it seemed like there was only one person in the room. Luna was lying on her back, her entire body drenched in sweat and twitching as she panted for breath, staring at the ceiling with glassy, unfocused eyes.

"Wow," the blonde giggled after a moment, her voice ethereal and dreamy even for her. "Wow."

She spread her legs further, stretching them, and Koneko shuddered at the sight. Her pussy was a gaping ruin, her labia looking obscenely stretched in every direction and a dark, angry pink. An absolute river of cum was flowing out of her, soaking the sheets under her ass, and as the nekomata watched this, she felt her mouth water. She sniffed intently at the air, feeling her brain tingle as she took in the most alluring scent she'd ever come across. Part of her, a greater part than she wanted to admit, wanted nothing more than to fly right up to Luna and taste her, drinking the thick white seed leaking from her battered hole until she'd had her fill.

She was so distracted by that that she didn't feel Rias' presence behind her until she silenced the space around them both and said, "Okay, I think this has gone on long enough."

Koneko shrieked and jumped, grabbing the ceiling as she reached it and staring down at her master in shock and horror.

"Come," Rias said with finality, and Koneko sighed, flying after her as she walked towards her own bedroom and opened the door, letting them both in. "You're torturing yourself."

"I'm fine," Koneko muttered as she sat down heavily on her bed.

"It's okay to want things, Koneko," Rias sighed, sitting down next to her.

"Not for me," Koneko muttered, looking away and stiffening when she felt Rias run her fingers through her hair.

"You've been a devil for longer now than she was when she turned on them," Rias whispered. "You haven't hurt me or anyone here in all that time."

Koneko couldn't argue with that, so she stayed silent, but as Rias started gently scratching her scalp, she couldn't help but let out a gasping moan.

"If I give in to what I want, I'll start feeling things again, and I won't be able to guarantee that I won't end up hurting one of you," she muttered, clenching her eyes shut as fear made her heart race in her chest.

"You don't want to spend the next few millennia numb to the world, Koneko," Rias whispered sadly. "If you can't trust yourself, could you at least trust me? I wouldn't let you hurt me or any of the others, and you know I'm more powerful than you."

Koneko grumbled at that, but again, she couldn't refute it. Rias could destroy her easily if the two fought, and strangely enough, that fact did bring her some comfort.

"What do you suggest?" Koneko asked.

"The others have decided that my wedding night should be something for just Harry and me," Rias replied. "I haven't argued with them over it, as the sentiment is really sweet, but I've gotten rather used to sharing other girls with him, and I think I'd honestly enjoy it more if someone else was there. I also think you'd make a very nice wedding gift."

Koneko chuckled softly at that, the sheer absurdity of it getting through even her efforts to keep herself numb.

"Promise me that if I ever raise a finger to any of you, you'll kill me without hesitation," she whispered after a moment.

"Koneko…" Rias went to say.

"Without hesitation," Koneko hissed, glaring at her. "Your brother gave me my life back after the others nearly killed me, but you gave me the life I have; you gave me my name. The only way I'm dipping even a toe in normalcy again is if I have your promise that you won't let me end up like her."

Rias sighed and closed her eyes, her heart aching for her tormented rook. As she opened them, she said, "I promise that I won't let you become like Kuroka, and that if you try to harm me or any of the others, I won't hesitate to deal with you."

"Thank you," Koneko sighed, feeling like a little bit of the weight on her shoulders was lifted. "Now, what would this wedding gift entail?"

"That would depend partially on you, but I do have a couple ideas," Rias grinned.

*****

"I must say, you managed to surprise me, my love," Harry grinned, climbing into bed and looking down at Koneko, whose golden eyes were nearly black as she stared at his rock-hard cock.

"You're so big," the nekomata shuddered. "I know you fit in with the others, but…"

"And how do you know that?" Harry asked, giving a devilish smirk that made her insides flutter. "Just from what Rias had you watch here, or is there something else you'd like to tell me?"

"I...oh, fuck," Koneko moaned as he ghosted his fingers over the flat abdomen, and even that simple touch made her feel like she was on fire. "I've been...overhearing you guys for a while. Not all the time, but when the spells you use to silence your room failed or you just forgot. I've heard all of them beg you to give them every inch of this monster and praise how it feels inside them over and over again."

"Good girl," Harry grinned, tracing a finger along the underside of one of her small breasts. Koneko gasped and mewled, already so turned on that she swore she might cum if he kept up even just that. "Being honest with me makes you a good girl, and good girls get rewarded."

Koneko's back arched slightly when he started tracing one of her nipples with his finger, and he grinned.

"So close already," Harry rumbled. "Tell me, how many times did you cum while you watched these memories and rubbed your pretty little pussy?"

"I didn't," Koneko moaned. "Rias said I couldn't, and I didn't."

"Mmm, I guess you were a very good girl, then," Rias purred, crawling next to Harry and grasping the white-haired girl's thighs. As she spread them apart, she looked at her husband and said, "Isn't she stunning?"

"Gorgeous," he replied, taking one of her legs in his hands and tracing his hand down along the calf and thigh. Koneko squirmed under his touch, spreading her legs even wider as he neared her slick cunt, only to growl when he stopped short. "You smell so fucking good too."

"Doesn't she?" Rias asked, not reacting at all to the younger girl's obvious frustration. "She's been rubbing her little pussy raw to the sound and scent of you destroying us ever since we all moved to the Rookery. The poor thing must be dying for your touch."

"Please," Koneko begged, tears forming in her eyes. "Please, touch me. It's driven me mad being around all this constant sex, living with an actual sex demon, and not being able to do anything about it."

"You could have asked me at any time," Harry grinned, pressing his lips to the soft skin of her thigh. "You're beautiful, Koneko; if you wanted me to fuck you, all you had to do was say the word."

"I'm beautiful?" Koneko asked incredulously. "You just married her."

"You're lovely in your own way," Rias whispered, kissing her other thigh, "and we all know that your figure would change according to your whims if you wanted it to."

"I like your tiny form, though," Harry said, his lips getting closer and closer to her steamy womanhood. "As you are, I could just pick you up and fuck the life out of you as I please. Maybe I will."

"Oh, shit," Koneko shuddered, squirming under his touch as she imagined that very thing.

She was short and thin, and while she was a little heavier than she looked, having some decent muscle on her, she knew that she weighed less than the others. In her mind's eye, she imagined him picking her up like she was nothing and just impaling her on his massive shaft, and that fantasy consumed her so completely that she didn't even notice him reaching her pussy until he gave his folds a long, slow lick with the flat of his tongue.

"Fuck!" Koneko cried, grabbing his head so quickly that she forgot to retract her claws and she gasped in horror when she realized that she'd drawn blood.

"Relax," Harry chuckled, feeling her tense as he healed the minor wounds on his scalp. "It's a compliment, really."

"Just remember to keep them in when he's fucking you later," Rias giggled. "I'd rather not be forced to have the maids clean and repair sheets soaked with blood and torn to ribbons."

She relaxed, but that was less due to their words than how impossibly good she felt as Harry started lapping at her weeping sex. She'd touched herself countless times and even conjured a toy to use so she could see what penetration felt like, but nothing she'd felt as she explored herself through the years held a candle to what his tongue felt like. The long, dexterous organ was warm and wet, and feeling it dancing through her folds, exploring her completely, was enough to drive her wild. She'd already been close before he even touched her there and so after just a minute of his exploration, she already felt herself soaring towards a blistering peak.

"So good, so good," Koneko moaned, grinding herself against his mouth as she held his head in place. "Don't stop, please don't stop!"

Stopping was the last thing Harry wanted to do just then, and not just because his head was in the grip of a girl strong enough to crush it. The looks of pleasure on her beautiful face were as intoxicating as the taste of her arousal. She'd been so closed off for as long as he'd known her, so trapped in an emotional prison of her own making, that seeing her become expressive like this was incredible.

He'd been circling her clit with the tip of his tongue for a little bit by then, experimentally flicking it over the taut little pearl now and then to see how much direct stimulation she could handle, and, with him fairly certain that she could take it well, he decided to try out something Leviathan had suggested, which he hadn't truly used yet. Focusing on his tongue, he split it in half until it was forked and then started massaging her clit with the two halves.

"What the...fuck!" Koneko cried, the pleasure radiating from her core becoming almost overwhelming. "What the hell are you even doing to me?"

"Oh, you're using the forked tongue trick," Rias commented, watching him continue to do his best to drive Koneko insane. "You're in for a real treat."

The Nekomata writhed and squirmed in pleasure, her grip on his head becoming almost painful as she felt herself barreling towards what she already knew was going to be the greatest orgasm of her life. Harry's every touch was enough to drive her mad, and he was utterly relentless in bringing her pleasure. When he pushed a couple fingers inside her and curled them upward, he quickly found a spot that made her see stars, and she screamed, grabbing the sheets above her head.

"I'm so close!" Koneko croaked. "I...I…"

She trailed off as she heard what she swore was hissing, and then the next moment, her entire world went white. Pleasure beyond her wildest dreams tore through her entire body, and she let out a wordless wail that echoed through the room. She didn't know where that hissing came from, and in that moment she barely remembered either of the names she'd gone by in life. Her whole world was ecstasy and bliss, which rocked through her in wave after soul-searing wave. How long it went on for, she couldn't say, but all she knew was that when he finally relented and pulled back, licking his lips, she could barely move a muscle.

"That...was insane," Koneko panted, staring at him with wide, unfocused eyes. "No wonder the others all look like they've been completely destroyed from time to time."

"Mmm, you look so good like this," Rias grinned, cupping one of the white-haired girl's small, perky breasts, making her shiver. "Tell Harry what you want."

"Kiss...me," Koneko whispered, and both Harry and Rias blinked.

"Oh, right," he chuckled, lying down next to her and brushing her hair out of her face. "I guess we kind of put the cart before the horse here."

"Neither one of us has ever eaten a girl out before kissing her before," Rias added, sounding amused.

Harry leaned in, his eyes locked on hers, and pressed his lips against the panting girl's softly. She froze, staring into his eyes, and slowly her arms came up to wrap around him. Her taste was nothing new to her, as she'd licked her fingers clean before, but everything else about the kiss was, and she whimpered when he kissed her again. They moved slowly and languidly, and she appreciated that, needing a little time to recover from her titanic orgasm, but as she regained her breath and her pulse slowed again, she found that she wanted more and kissed him more firmly. He grinned, having been waiting for her to relax, and pushed his tongue between her lips.

Rias watched her husband make out with her rook and smiled. Kiba still had off days, and he was far from recovered from his ordeal, but he'd shown signs of improvements, and with Gasper, she'd only started really working directly with him recently. Koneko had been the one she was most concerned about, as she'd seemed rather stuck in the unfeeling malaise that she'd intentionally forced herself into, and she dearly hoped that this would end up being the first step in her true recovery. It was also really hot to watch.

Koneko moaned into his mouth, her tongue dueling with his for dominance, and when he started grinding his full length against her sopping, wet slit, she gasped, breaking the kiss and throwing her head back.

"Holy shit, you're huge," she moaned, feeling him press against her flat, hard stomach. "You'll need to move my lungs out of the way to fit that monster inside me."

"I'm not that big," Harry chuckled, moving back onto his knees and giving her a better view of what his cock looked like lying against her. "I am going to reach very, very deep, though."

"Do it," Koneko breathed. "Break my little pussy and make it yours."

"Fuck her until she screams," Rias grinned. "No, fuck her until she purrs."

"I could, you know?" Koneko asked impishly. "If I was made very, very happy, I could actually purr."

"Well, then I know what I can't stop until I hear," Harry rumbled, fisting his cock and brushing her taut, pink nether lips with the head.

He gazed into her eyes, looking for even the slightest hint of hesitation, and found none. This, he knew, was something she'd secretly wanted for quite a while. Being an incubus, he could sense the desires of others, and Koneko's pent-up lust had been rolling off of her in waves all summer. He didn't know what Rias had said to get her to stop denying herself, but he figured that he'd learn soon enough and had other, far more pleasant things to focus on just then. Finding her drooling opening with ease, he carefully lined himself up and thrust forward, making her eyes go wide as saucers.

"Oh!" Koneko gasped, feeling her insides stretch to take him.

"How does he feel, Koneko?" Rias asked, running her fingers through the other girl's hair.

"So big," Koneko breathed. "I can't believe how much that's burning."

"It's a good burn, though, isn't it?" Rias asked, and Koneko nodded. "That feeling of being stretched open by Harry's fat cock is incredible. You never get fully used to it, by the way."

"I...believe that," Koneko grunted, feeling as Harry pushed another inch of his shaft inside her.

"You're tight as a closed fist," Harry groaned, and she laughed.

"I'm smaller than anyone you've ever had, and you're as big as my damn forearm," Koneko giggled. "Of course, I'm tight, dumbass."

Rias looked at her in shock, as much for the fact that she'd laughed as for what she'd said, while Harry burst out laughing.

"I guess you're right," he replied, kissing her again.

She returned the kiss hungrily, happy for a distraction from just how much her insides were burning from the stretch. As he fucked her slowly, sinking more and more of his cock inside her every time he thrust forward, she felt things she hadn't since her sister went mad. Closing herself off from her emotions had been something she'd done originally to stop feeling the pain and rage she felt at Kuroka and then a defensive mechanism to stop her from ever going down the same path. It had worked for her, despite Rias' repeated efforts to get her top stop it, until the living embodiment of sex started sleeping a few doors down from her, driving her nuts.

"I finally see what the others are so obsessed with," Koneko shivered, burying her face in the crook of Harry's neck as she ran her fingers down along his back.

"You don't," Rias grinned, still watching intently. "Not yet, anyway."

"You're taking me so well," Harry whispered in her ear. "You're such a good girl."

Koneko whimpered, feeling her insides clench at his words as she muttered, "Why does that affect me so much?"

"It's a kink," Harry replied. "I've reached a point as an incubus where I can kind of instinctively understand what makes someone tick, provided I focus on them enough."

"Between that, your looks, your tongue, and this cock, none of us stand a chance at all, do we?" Koneko sighed, and he chuckled.

"I'm not planning on seducing every woman in the world, Koneko," Harry replied.

"No, but there will be others," Rias grinned, embracing him from behind and pressing her large, full breasts against his back as she nibbled on his earlobe.

"You're actually alright with this," Koneko marveled and she chuckled.

"I love it," Rias admitted. "I have no interest in other guys, but I've always been very, very bisexual, and if Harry and I can seduce other girls into our harem, I'm more than happy to have them."

"And soon enough, you might have other worlds to recruit in too," Koneko said flatly, shaking her head at the absurdity of it.

"I doubt, even if we manage to access other worlds, that we'd find anyone we were interested in who was willing to join this madness, much less leave their entire world behind to follow us home," Harry chuckled. "We do want to find and seize this quintessence if we can, as making a Philosopher's Stone might help us heal Sebastian Delacour, but I can't think of much else that would be too critical. Gnarl certainly doesn't want to return to his world."

"Letting us make more crystals for the evil pieces could be fun too," Rias grinned. "Robbing the Agareses of their monopoly would be the perfect revenge against my aunt for that lust potion stunt she pulled. I'd also like to try and find the world that the Master-Servant Contract comes from if possible, if only to see how the demons of that world differ from us devils."

"How the hell am I even taking all of this?" Koneko asked, her eyes going wide as saucers when she looked down and saw a visible bump in her lower abdomen. She reached down and palmed it, realizing that she was seeing what she thought she was. "Your dick's so big I can actually see it inside me."

"Yeah, Harry has that effect on us," Rias grinned, licking her lips when she saw that his hips had come to rest against Koneko's pert ass, his length buried completely inside her. "Fuck her, Harry, fuck her until she screams your name and purrs like a happy kitten."

"Do it," Koneko begged. "Fuck, you already feel so good."

Harry grinned, pulling most of his length from her depth before thrusting back inside. Koneko threw her head back and moaned, barely able to believe just how intense everything felt. She'd figured sex had to feel good, given how obsessed most people were with it, but she'd never thought it would be quite like this.

"You feel like you're splitting me in half!" she cried, her nails raking down his back as he hit something inside her that made her see stars. "More, more!"

"You heard the girl," Rias breathed, feeling her juices run down her thighs as the show before her turned her cunt to a sweltering fountain. "Give her more! She's a rook, which means she's very durable, but I'm sure you can make her limp anyway."

"Do it!" Koneko screamed, feeling herself soar towards another peak. "Fucking break me!"

"Shit," Harry grunted, feeling her already tight tunnel clench hard around him.

She was rocking herself against him, desperately chasing her pleasure, and he found he loved how wild she was. Having her ride him later was sure to be quite fun, but for now, he wanted nothing more than to pound her into the bed, something that she seemed to want just as much. As her eyes started rolling back, the pressure in her core becoming almost too much for her to bear, he looked down at her breasts and smiled. Every other girl he'd been with, even Hermione and Luna in the beginning, had had breasts large enough that when he took them on their backs, they jiggled. Koneko's breasts were so small that they barely did at all, and he found he liked the contrast. He palmed the small mounds, and she mewled at the feeling of his hands touching her sensitive nipples.

"I'm going to have you on or against every surface in this room before the night's done," Harry growled, leaning in and capturing one of her pebbled pink peaks with his lips.

"Do it!" Koneko moaned. "Don't stop until I...I...YES!"

She squealed as she came, and he grinned ferally, picking up his pace even further. Her spasming tunnel massaged his length so strongly that he knew damn well if he were human, he would have cum right there, but he was an incubus now, and that meant that if he wanted to fuck her until she forgot her own name, he had no reason to fear that he couldn't do just that.

*****

"So...good," Koneko panted a couple hours later, the words barely audible through her purring.

Harry looked down at her and sighed happily, feeling proud and content in a way he seldom had before he met Rias. His cock was still hard as steel, the head purple; it was so engorged with blood, despite the fact that he'd cum more than once while he was fucking the beautiful nekomata, and the sight of his copious loads pouring out of her gaping quim as she lay on her back, twitching and nearly mindless, made him throb with need.

"My perfect stud," Rias purred, embracing him from behind and cupping his cheek. She turned his head towards her and kissed him hungrily, her desire almost palpable after watching all that. "My incubus, my love, my husband."

"I must admit this isn't how I expected our wedding night to go," Harry chuckled, turning around and pulling her into his embrace.

"Are you complaining?" Rias asked.

"Not at all," Harry grinned. "I just figured it would be you alone I was going to leave in that state."

"You're still more than capable of reducing me to a mindless mess like you did her," Rias purred, wrapping a hand around his soaked cock. Looking at Koneko and seeing that she'd passed out, she added, "If you are a little tired after all that, though, I'd be more than happy to be on top to start."

"I love you," Harry whispered, kissing her softly.

He lay down next to Koneko, and Rias flew over him, picking up his cock and sinking down onto it in one smooth motion.

"I will never tire of this feeling," the redhead moaned. "You fill me up so perfectly, baby."

"You feel fucking amazing," Harry grunted as she started riding him. "You are amazing."

"So are you," Rias smiled. "That girl has been through so much and has felt like she had to keep herself closed off for so long, and I think tonight, you helped her take the first step out of that mire of fear and depression. I love you all the more for that."

She picked up her pace, riding him harder and faster, and groaned at the feeling of her tight tunnel milking him. Her control over her inner muscles was great, and the way that she squeezed around him each time she pulled up and relaxed when she sank back down was maddeningly good.

"Was that why you felt it had to be tonight?" Harry asked, checking to make sure that Koneko was asleep before continuing. "Did you think she'd accept the idea more easily if you made it out to be a wedding gift for me?"

"It just kind of happened that way," Rias replied. "I can't say I'm not happy that it did."

She kissed him tenderly, and he returned it in kind, his arms wrapping around her and holding her tight. Everything that had happened to him in the last year had brought him to this moment, and he couldn't be happier about that. When his name came out of the Goblet of Fire last October, he'd felt for a while like his life was over, like he was doomed, and he wished he could go back and tell his younger self that not only was it all going to work out, but he'd end up genuinely grateful that it had happened. As she pushed him back, holding onto his shoulders for support, he smiled lovingly up at her, and she sighed.

"What are you thinking?" Rias asked.

"This has been the best year of my life," Harry replied, "and it was all thanks to you."

"I had a little help," Rias chuckled, and he joined in.

"True, but still," Harry replied. "Had I summoned anyone else, who knows what path my life would have taken? I meant every word that I said back there."

"So did I," Rias whispered, not trusting her voice as emotion gripped her throat. "Ahh!"

She'd found the right angle to have him hit one of her deep spots, and she maintained it, moaning and crying out every time she lowered herself down onto him. Her breasts bounced on her chest with her every movement, and she almost laughed at how hypnotized he looked by the sight. He'd been gripping her hips since she pushed him onto his back, and as he felt her start to flutter around his length, he moved them upward along her sides until he was able to grasp her massive mounds.

"Just like that," Rias cried, her pleasure mounting as he kneaded her breasts and rolled her nipples between his fingers and thumbs.

They were just as heavy and perfect as they'd been the first time they slept together, and he doubted that he'd ever tire of feeling them in his hands. She picked up her pace again, rolling her hips as fast as she could, and he knew she had to be close. Craning his head, he captured one of her pebbled nipples between his teeth, grazing it lightly, and brought his free hand down to stroke her throbbing clit.

"Oh, fuck, oh, fuck, oh, fuck!" Rias cried, racing towards her orgasm, and when she heard him start to hiss, she shrieked.

"Cum for me, darling," Harry hissed, his tongue vibrating against her nipple in a way that felt almost orgasmic. "Cum for me, my beautiful wife."

"HARRY!" Rias screamed, cumming hard, and he grinned as she collapsed in his arms, writhing in pleasure.

He hugged her to him, continuing to thrust up into her quivering quim as she convulsed in pleasure against him, waiting until she stopped to roll her onto her back. She gazed up at him lovingly, her blue eyes nearly black with lust yet brimming with affection, and he brushed her crimson hair out of her face, cupping her cheeks.

"Love...you," Rias panted.

"I love you too," Harry replied, kissing her tenderly.

"Fucking hell, you're still going?" Koneko asked, blinking the sleep from her eyes and staring at them in surprise.

"He does...keep all of us...happy," Rias panted, and she shrugged.

"Right," she sighed. "Well, I'm going to leave you two to it. Have fun, and congrats again."

Harry was about to ask if she could even walk when she flew up, grabbed her clothes, got dressed, and left the room.

"I think we might need further therapy sessions with her," Rias mused, making him snort.

"Is that what we're calling it now?" Harry asked. "I fear I'm not a qualified doctor."

"Perhaps not, but you're very good at making us feel better," Rias grinned. "Just now, Doctor, I have an ache deep, deep inside me that I fear only a very special kind of massage can cure."

"Do you?" Harry asked. "That sounds terrible. I think there are a couple things I could try to fix it."

"I put myself in your hands," Rias replied, laughing as he started fucking her with long, hard strokes. For the rest of the night, they never left each other's arms, neither one willing to stop until they couldn't move a muscle.

*****

"Oh, just like the stage in the Stone process," Luna murmured to herself a few days later.

"What?" Hermione asked, looking up from her fifth round of making sure that everything she needed was in her mokeskin pouch, which she'd transfigured to look like a book bag, to see what the blonde was talking about. "What's that?"

"Hmm?" Luna asked, stuffing the book in her own bag. "Oh, just the first volume of a neat-looking comic book series I found in the library."

"Ah," Hermione nodded.

"I'm telling you, Sirius, it will be fine," Harry chuckled as he walked downstairs.

"You and Hermione haven't been to a muggle school since you were ten, and Luna's never been to one," Sirius said. "I'm just saying that I think you're underestimating what a change this will be."

"Our tutoring sessions through the summer were highly productive," Hermione argued.

"Yeah, Agrippa's a really good teacher," Luna smiled.

"I checked as well, and I'm fairly certain that they'll do fine," Rias said, flying down along the steps and kissing Harry softly.

"If they have any trouble, Rias and I will be here to help," Akeno added.

"As will Koneko and I," Kiba murmured, finishing his tea. "Shall we get going?"

"I think we're all ready," Rias replied, "and it isn't like we couldn't just slip away and teleport out if we forgot anything."

"Good," Harry smiled, taking her hand in his. "Oh, where's Fleur?"

"She said something about an interview," Sirius replied, and Rias' lips twitched, something that didn't go unnoticed by Harry.

"You know something, don't you?" he asked.

"You'll see soon enough," Rias replied. "Come."

"Later, Sirius," Harry called out, and the rest of them followed suit as they left with him.

"Where are they all going?" Gnarl asked, ascending from the basement where he'd been inspecting the minion hives.

"Off to school," Sirius replied.

"Oh, right," Gnarl muttered, shaking his head. "I had hoped to go over a few things with the Dark One, but it can wait."

"If you're bored, we could play poker," Sirius murmured.

"Does that game involve fire-pokers? Because if so…" Gnarl grinned.

"No, no, it's a card game," Sirius replied. "It's a muggle thing Harry's mother, Lily, taught me and a few of our friends back in school. It's apparently a major thing with them and a big part of multiple gambling rings that can be downright evil."

"Evil, you say?" Gnarl asked, scratching his beard. "Very well, I suppose I have time to kill."

*****

"You know, it occurs to me that I've lived in this town for two months and barely seen any of it," Harry chuckled as they walked through the streets of Kuoh.

"We were busy with one thing or another all through the summer," Rias sighed.

"That's all over now, though," Akeno said. "I'm sure we could...give you a tour soon enough."

"Why did you say it like that?" Kiba asked, confused.

"Because she means both see the sights and screw Harry in them," Koneko explained, and the blonde boy blushed heavily, realizing that that had been rather obvious from her tone.

Hermione rolled her eyes as Luna smiled and Rias chuckled, looking down at the prototype ring on her finger.

"How did that one work out?" Harry asked, noticing what she was looking at.

"I had to scale back the enchantments to the point that it became useless for my purposes, but I think I learned a few things from making this one that might help me with the real one down the line," Hermione replied.

"Are you going to keep it as a simple golden band like that?" Luna asked.

"Probably," Hermione replied. "I've considered taking inspiration from the descriptions of Nenya, Vilya, or Narya, but, given the reason I'm making them in the first place, part of me thinks I should just take inspiration from the One Ring."

"How are you handling all of that?" Kiba asked. "You seemed very reluctant to begin with."

"I'm choosing, for the sake of my sanity, to view it as a responsibility I've taken on," Hermione replied. "The last of the house-elves will revert to being minions again soon enough, from what we've seen, so I expect their families to either kick them out or for things to go very poorly there in the coming weeks. One way or another, the lot of them will be under my care soon enough."

"The headlines written about them finding that douchenozzle's body were pretty funny," Koneko said, and they all chuckled.

They had finally disposed of Diarmid Lynch's corpse a couple days ago, dumping it in the Thames, and he'd been found quite quickly. Thanks to the stasis charms, he didn't appear any worse for wear than he'd been when he was first killed, something that made Hermione realize that investigating homicides in the magical world had to be someone harder than it was in the muggle world. As far as anyone could tell, he'd been killed a few minutes before he was unceremoniously dumped, rather than a few weeks, and she couldn't fathom how difficult it would be to find someone's killer if you had no way of ever truly knowing when or where they were killed.

"It's nice that I finally get to wear this uniform," Luna murmured as they drew close to the school. "You two were kind enough to get me one ages ago, and I only wore it once. I love how much of my legs it shows off."

"It's something alright," Hermione chuckled, looking down at herself. "I'm glad you lot managed to completely eliminate my sense of shame, or I might not have been comfortable in it."

"Kuoh was an all-girl's school until not long ago, and the population still skews quite female, so you won't have much reason to question how you look," Akeno replied. "It looks very, very good on you at any rate."

"Thank you," Hermione grinned at her. "Is there anyone I should be wary of? I know no one there could hurt me, but still."

"There are three total assholes that I'll point out as soon as I spot them," Koneko replied flatly. "They're harmless but annoying and total creeps besides. If you get an excuse to kick one of one them in the balls, please take it and show me the memory."

"They're that bad?" Harry asked.

"I've always thought they were kind of funny," Akeno chuckled. "You can tell that they totally chose Kuoh because of its reputation as a mostly female school, thinking that they'd drown in pussy just by virtue of attending, except that they're all utterly hopeless with girls. I've teased them all to the point they passed out before."

"Teased how?" Harry asked, his eyes narrowing, and she smirked at him.

"Just some breathy words and an undone button or two," Akeno giggled. "It doesn't take much with those three, trust me."

"Rias!" Sona called out as she spotted them, and the crimson-haired beauty beamed at her.

"Sona, hi," Rias replied, hugging her. "I'm not surprised you're already here."

"Fleur's settled in nicely as the school nurse," Sona replied, "though her take on the uniform was a little...much."

"Fleur's working here?" Harry asked.

"Fleur's dressed as a slutty nurse?" Luna asked, excited.

"Is Fleur even qualified?" Hermione asked.

"She's more than capable of tending to anything she might come across here," Rias replied. "As for her credentials, well...such things are easy enough to take care of."

"I'm sure she'll be fine," Sona replied. "You said you already checked out your club room to make sure everything was in order, right?"

"A couple weeks ago," Rias replied. Looking at Harry, she said, "You want to see it?"

"I'd love to," Harry replied, bringing her hand to his and pressing his lips against her knuckles.

"That's the guy," a random girl breathed.

"He's so tall!" her friend gushed. "I hear he's from someone in Northern Europe, like Rias."

"None of us ever had a chance, did we?" one boy grumbled.

Rias cocked an eyebrow at Sona, who rolled her eyes, saying, "You know I don't do gossip unless it's with you. You can blame our new nurse for word of your 'engagement' spreading."

She'd already told Harry that they were going to tell everyone they were engaged rather than married to avoid the inevitable questions about how that was even possible.

"They were going to learn soon enough," Rias shrugged. "Doesn't mean I won't spank our little gossip for it later."

"She'll love that!" Luna exclaimed, and Sona shook her head.

"Anyway, I need to coordinate with Tsubaki on the start-of-year festivities, so excuse me," she said, turning around and heading down the hall.

"Our club room's up here," Rias replied, leading the way.

As they made their way through the school, more and more people commented on him, and Harry sighed, saying, "I'm never going to go anywhere where I'm not the center of attention, am I?"

"You're foreign, at least half a foot taller than the other guys here, and 'engaged' to one of the most desired girls in school," Kiba pointed out. "This was inevitable."

"Well, when you put it that way," Harry chuckled. "I guess you drew your fair share of looks when you got here."

"Yeah, I'm not just foreign but also blonde," Kiba chuckled. "The exotic factor wore off after a bit."

"It's just not fair, dude," one boy, standing by a window at the end of the hall that all three had clearly been looking through earlier, complained to his two friends, who were also glaring at Harry. "How the hell were we ever supposed to compete with a guy like that?"

"He is rather...large," a shorter boy with glasses bemoaned. "Still, it's not like any of us were ever going to date Rias Gremory, and with her snagging him up, that means the others are still free, like Koneko."

They were speaking quietly enough that no human could have heard them, but for the devils, they might as well have been right next to them.

"Those are the three I mentioned before," Koneko scowled.

"The one with the shaved head is named Matsuda, the one wearing glasses is Motohama, and the one who looks like he wants to kill you is Issei," Akeno explained. "Like I say, they're more entertaining than anything else."

"What does she see in him?" Issei muttered.

"Yeah, I mean, other than the height, the looks, and I'm going to guess the money, he's just like us," Motohama replied sarcastically, earning a glare from Issei.

"I know what will cheer us up, guys," Matsuda said. When the other two turned to look at him he grinned, reached into his bag, and pulled out a book, exclaiming, "My brand new hentai manga!"

That part was said loudly enough for everyone to hear, and as the other two looked down at the book in his hands like it was the Philosopher's Stone, several passersby just looked at them in disgust.

"Are those guys fucking for real?" Harry asked, perplexed by how the three of them were behaving in public.

"I suspect if they were, they wouldn't be such chodes," Koneko replied dryly, and he snorted.

"Not what I meant, but you're likely not wrong," Harry chuckled, and the group continued on their way.

As they walked through these hallways, they came across a group of girls, one of whom looked him up and down appraisingly as she spotted him, smirking to herself. As he drew close, she adjusted her glasses, her eyes lowering along his body, and she choked on her own spit, her eyes going wide as saucers.

"Aika?" one of her friends asked.

"T...t...t..." she stammered, fainting in shock.

"Is the school just like this?" Harry asked, looking in confusion at Rias, who adjusted the collar of her black shoulder cape, looking embarrassed.

They managed to make it to the clubhouse without any further delays, and Rias sighed happily as she looked around.

"Make yourselves at home," she grinned, taking her usual seat. "Officially, this is the meeting room of the Occult Research Club, the extracurricular group that we're all part of."

"Unofficially, it's a conveniently close place to meet during the day," Hermione nodded.

"And after school," Akeno replied. "Every day after class, we'll meet here."

"For what?" Luna asked.

"To go over something that I've been rather negligent in educating you all on: contracts and other devilish business," Rias replied. "Normally, I'd have started you all on that the day after you were turned, but this summer was so hectic and busy that I put it off."

"We're going to start making contracts of our own now, then?" Luna asked.

"You are," Rias replied. "I...oh, good timing."

"Hello, all," Fleur purred as she walked in, closing the door behind her.

"Oh, wow," Harry breathed, looking her up and down.

She wasn't wearing the healer's robes that Madam Pomfrey had worn the whole time they were at Hogwarts, nor was she wearing the scrubs that modern nurses would. Instead, she was wearing a very stereotypical white and red getup that hugged her perfect body wonderfully.

"Well, I guess you won't have to treat anyone here for erectile dysfunction," Hermione quipped, making Konoko snort.

"I would be very surprised if I did," Fleur purred, sitting in Harry's lap. "What do you think, mon amour?"

"I think if I make it to the end of the day without bending you over your desk, I'll deserve a medal," Harry growled, kissing her hungrily.

"You can fuck Fleur later, Harry," Rias chuckled, lifting the Veela out of his lap with a wave of her hand and setting her in another chair and earning a pout from her that nearly made her laugh out loud. "Harry, you've already gotten a contract, but the rest of you haven't, and I'm hoping that will change for each of you in the coming days. My familiar is hard at work giving out summoning papers for people to use when they want to call on one of us for a favor, and now that life is relatively back to normal for all of us, I'm going to start sending you out to make contracts."

"Agrippa went into detail about them," Luna said. "We just go, see what they want, what they're willing to pay for it, say no if they offer their souls, and try to fulfill their wishes."

"Precisely," Rias nodded.

"If they want something that we don't think we could fulfill but which we think another devil could, do we refer them or what?" Hermione asked.

"You don't need to turn every visit into a contract, and if what someone wants is entirely impossible or just not something you're willing to do, you should tell them that," Rias replied. "If you think that someone else would be better suited to the task in question, you can tell them that you'll look into it and then tell me later on, and we'll work together to see what we can do."

"It sounds rather straightforward," Fleur nodded. "I imagine we'll have to tell most of them that we don't do sexual favors."

"Not as much as you think," Akeno replied, shaking her head. "More often than not, people who summon devils have problems a little more dire than needing to get off."

"Like I did," Harry replied. "Of course my case isn't the best example of that, in truth."

They all laughed at that, including Koneko, which drew Harry's attention to her. The nekomata hadn't come back for more just yet, and while he and Rias had told the others about her, she'd made it clear that she didn't want any of them bringing it up to their latest lover until she did. She did seem a little more relaxed than she had before, though, as though letting herself give in to her desires for a night had helped her let go of at least a little of her fear of herself. Still, he knew that it would take a while longer for her to truly progress past her trauma and hoped that he'd be able to help her through it bit by bit.

"Oh, that's those three from before," Luna murmured, looking out the window. "What are they doing?"

"Hmm?" Akeno asked, floating over to see what she'd spotted. Sure enough, Motohama, Matsuda, and Issei were all crowded around a very specific spot in the wall outside, and she giggled when she realized what it was. "Oh, one of the sports clubs must have met here really early today. The perverts are spying on the girls' change room again."

"What?!" Hermione exclaimed, flying over and glaring when she saw what they were doing. "That's disgusting."

"Why is there a hole in the wall of the girl's change room anyway?" Harry asked. "Surely something that obvious would have been fixed over the summer."

"I'll fix it later," Hermione muttered, still angry. "Though, for now..."

She reached out to the three of them with her magic and smirked as they all started sneezing. The noise they made alerted the girls in the changing room, who investigated the source as all three perverts backed away in horror. What followed was a very entertaining display as the horde of angry girls quickly got dressed and ran outside to confront them.

"Oh, it was the kendo club," Rias chuckled. "How deeply unfortunate for the perverts."

The entire club watched on, deeply amused as the girls, wielding bamboo practice swords, chased down and beat the three peeping Toms.

"Well, disgusted as I still am by their peeping, and rest assured, I will be fixing that wall myself, I must admit, Akeno, I do see why you find them so amusing," Hermione chuckled. "If they so much as try to look under my skirt, though, I'm unleashing the minions on them."

"Fair," Rias smiled, happy to see how much the brunette had really come into her own over the summer. As much fun as she'd had that summer, she was glad to be back in Kuoh for the year, and with Harry actually being with her and not in another country five thousand miles away, she just knew that this year was going to be a good one.

*****

"Well, I must say I like what you've done with the place," Raynare grinned as she looked around the abandoned church.

"I always did have a flair for interior design," Mittelt replied haughtily, making Kalawarna roll her eyes.

"How did your little scouting trip go?" the blue-haired angel asked.

"Well, this town is every bit as boring as Mittelt said," Raynare replied, not reacting as the blonde preened, "which suits our purposes perfectly. Once everything's set up and the little nun has arrived, we can test out the ritual."

"Speaking of the nun, she missed her connecting flight in Shanghai, and so her arrival has been delayed...again," Dohnaseek muttered. "I could just go grab her if you like."

"No," Raynare replied. "We don't have everything in place for the ritual yet, and her continuing struggle to reach us amuses me."

"Did you manage to check out the other reason we're here?" Kalawarna asked, and Raynare grinned.

"Reports of his worthlessness don't seem to have been exaggerated," she replied. "I think I'll take a closer look just to make sure that there's nothing at all useful about him, and once I'm satisfied about that, I'll gut him and be done with it. There's no need to rush that, though."

"I know that tone, Raynare," Dohnaseek chuckled. "What do you have in mind?"

"I think I'll take the form of an innocent, beautiful young girl," Raynare replied, her voice growing higher and higher in pitch with each word as she conjured an illusion around herself. Before their eyes, she grew shorter and younger-looking, and the cruelty in her violet eyes was replaced with a downright comical degree of innocence.

"Go to him dressed like that and he'll cum in his pants," Mittelt chuckled.

"I was thinking something more innocent anyway," Raynare replied, undoing the illusion.

"Did you see much of the devils' presence here while you were out?" Dohnaseek asked, and she nodded.

"I did," Raynare replied. "They should be avoided if at all possible. Half the reason we're here is to keep a low profile while we test out Lord Azazel's ritual. I don't want them interfering at all."

"Understood," Dohnaseek nodded, and she smiled, looking around the abandoned church.

The others had done well in fixing it up for their short stay, and the idea of using this place dedicated to the one who had rejected her for failing to live up to his impossible standard as the staging ground for her attempt to steal from him was just delicious. After all, the sacred gears were God's favorite pet project and something that, even centuries after the end of the Great War, continued to be distributed according to his will and system. Once she had proof that they could all take whatever Sacred Gears they liked from the humans they were wasted on, the Fallen Angels would become a force capable of crushing both the other factions once and for all.

"I think I'll arrange a meeting with the young pervert tomorrow," she murmured, looking out up at the beautifully clear sky above them through the window. "I don't have to kill him so soon, but it wouldn't hurt to introduce myself."
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Markuz Black, Brawlingbard, dronmk2 and 161 others
voivode_writer
Feb 17, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 49 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Mar 3, 2026
Add bookmark
#995
"Fiance?!" yet another girl from their school exclaimed. "Oh, she's so lucky!"

"I know, right?" the girl's friend asked. "He's so hot, and according to Aika, Rias is a very, very lucky girl."

They all squeeed at that, and Issei groaned, rubbing the developing bruise on his head.

"This is such bullshit!" he muttered, walking with Matsuda and Motohama as they left Kuoh Academy for the day. "It was bad enough with Kiba showing up last year; we didn't need that mountain of meat making us look bad by comparison too."

"At least he's taken," Motohama sighed. "It's not like any of us ever had a shot with Rias Gremory of all girls."

"Yeah, there's that," Issei groaned.

"Maybe seeing Rias scooped up by that dude will make the others all lower their standards a bit," Matsuda murmured.

"One can hope," Issei muttered. "The whole reason we came here in the first place was because we figured we'd be drowning in girls."

"The girl-to-boy ratio did seem to be heavily in our favor," Motohama said. "Sadly there was one variable we didn't factor into our calculations there."

"The fact that we're total losers?" Issei asked.

"Yeah," Motohama sighed.

"Hey, isn't that the new guy there?" Matsuda asked, pointing out across the grounds.

"Matsuda, he's like two meters tall and built like a fridge," Issei muttered. "I think he's pretty noti...wait a second, that's him with Akeno."

"Well, she is Rias' best...wait, are they holding hands?" Motohama asked.

Sure enough, Harry Potter was walking out along the school grounds, clearly being shown around by the other great beauty of their school. The three perverts watched as she showed him the sakura trees planted around the grounds, something none of them quite understood since they weren't going to bloom for another six months or so.

"She's very comfortable with him," Motohama murmured. "I wonder how long they've all known each other."

"Rias' family does come from somewhere in northern Europe, right?" Issei asked. "Maybe their families have known each other for a while."

"You make it sound like an arranged marriage," Matsuda chuckled, and Issei sighed.

"Hey, let a guy dream," he muttered, shaking his head. "In my fantasies it can be a betrothal she doesn't want, one I would naturally help her out of."

"Yeah, next thing, you'll be suggesting that you'd have to fight him for her," Matsuda laughed, and Issei scowled, wishing that he could actually do that and not get flattened into the ground for his trouble.

"Uh, guys, they're kissing," Motohama said, and the others' jaws both dropped.

"Holy shit," Issei gasped.

"He's two-timing a total dime like Rias?" Matsuda asked in shock. "I don't know if I want to hate him or beg him to teach me his ways."

"This could be my chance," Issei whispered, his heart racing as a plan hastily formed in his mind. "If I could expose him to her, she'd be devastated, and then I could offer to be a shoulder for her to cry on...cry and push those big, beautiful ti…"

"Oh, shit, she's coming," Matsuda murmured, "and she's with that gorgeous-ass nurse."

"Man, she's even hotter than you said," Issei breathed, taking in the vision of the gorgeous blonde. Realizing that his fantasy was entirely hopeless, he sighed and said, "Well, at least I'm going to be able to see him get smacked."

The three of them watched as Rias and the nurse drew closer and closer, anticipation building in them over the show that they were all certain was to follow.

"Her name's Fleur Delacour," Motohama explained.

"She's French?" Matsuda asked. "Oh man, you just know she's a freak in the sack."

"I don't know what the sudden influx of European chicks around here is because of, but I am not complaining," Issei chuckled, still utterly riveted by the scene of Harry and Akeno making out, neither one aware that Rias was almost on them.

"Here she co...uh, she doesn't look mad," Motohama murmured. "She doesn't even look surprised."

"No," Issei breathed, a chill going down his spine as a truly terrible possibility occurred to him. "No, that's not possible."

"You don't think...oh, hell no!" Matsuda exclaimed, drawing more than a few eyes their way as they watched Akeno back away from Harry and grin at Rias, who quickly pulled Harry down for a passionate kiss.

To make matters worse, Akeno kissed Fleur softly, and that was all the confirmation that Issei needed.

"H...harem?" he stammered, feeling more envious than he ever had in his entire life. "That's...that's not possible."

"Holy shit," Motohama muttered. "I wonder if he's banging the two new English girls too. Come to think of it, they all seemed pretty friendly earlier."

"Uh, you don't think that they're the ones who moved into that weird rook-shaped tower that seemed to just appear overnight, do you?" Matsuda asked.

"You think they're...living together?" Issei asked, staggering back. "He's living like a king, like a damn harem king! That douchebag has everything I ever wanted!!!"

"Well, shit," Motohama murmured. "I did wonder who that place belonged to."

"I hate to be the bearer of bad news, buddy, but I think I saw Koneko coming out of that place the other morning," Matsuda said, and his friend looked up at him in shock and horror.

"Koneko too?" he whimpered.

"Within the next three months, he'll have drawn every girl here into his web of perverted delights, and we'll be left with no one!" Issei screamed, shaking his fists at the sky as though meaning to blame some god just as a pair of nearby girls both rolled their eyes and shook their heads, passing by them.

"Why are those guys always so hysterical?" one of them asked.

"I think all the porn has rotted their brains," her friend replied.

"Life's just not fair," Issei whimpered, staring down at his shoes in misery.

"At least we have porn," Matsuda sighed. "Come on, let's go to my place, throw in a tape, and forget that this day even happened."

"That sounds like a great idea," Issei sighed, convinced that his day couldn't possibly get worse.

"Um, excuse me, are you Issei Hyoudou?" a high-pitched yet soft and beautiful asked, and he turned around to see a beautiful, dark-haired girl standing a few feet behind him.

"I'm an Issei Hyoudou," Issei replied, instantly convinced that she couldn't possibly be asking for him.

She was stunning; there was no other word for it. A few inches shorter than him with a body so curvaceous that even the rather conservative school uniform she was wearing couldn't hide it. The way her large breasts strained her green uniform shirt was so captivating that he had to struggle to look up from them, though when he did, he found her purple eyes nearly as hypnotizing.

"Holy crap," he heard Matsuda mumble under his breath as Motohama just stared, memorizing this new girl's figure in mere moments.

"I'm Yuuma Amano," the girl giggled sweetly. "Could we talk?"

"Yes," Issei replied. "I mean, yeah, of course. You two go ahead, and I'll catch up in a minute. Guys?"

"Oh, right," Motohama said.

"Yeah, see you, man," Matsuda muttered in confusion.

As the two of them left, Issei turned back to look at Yuuma, still utterly confused about what she could want with him.

"So, uh, what did you want to talk about?" he asked.

"Would you go out with me?" Yuuma asked, and his jaw dropped.

"Wait, what?" Issei asked.

*****

"That was mean," Hermione said as Akeno finished telling her what she, Harry, Rias, and Fleur had just done.

"Rumors were going to spread either way," the crimson-haired beauty replied. "By this time tomorrow, everyone will know about our unusual relationship, the initial flurry of questions will pass, and then that will be that."

"You have to admit that the perverts' reaction was pretty funny," Akeno chuckled. "They'll probably be jerking off to the thought of being in your place for the next year at least."

"There's an image I don't need," Harry chuckled.

"Ditto," Koneko murmured.

"I think it's nice of you all to give them dreams to aspire to," Luna smiled. "As Daddy used to say, dreams don't have to be even slightly realistic to be fun."

"Indeed," Kiba nodded. "How have you three found your first couple days here?"

"It's been rather fun," Hermione smiled. "I have to admit that, though we do have access to all the written knowledge in the multiverse and could lean on capable teachers for any subject, I'd have still missed formal instruction like this if we had just stopped going to school."

"It's quite different from Hogwarts, but we were brought up to speed over the summer on the core subjects, and I'm keeping up well enough so far," Luna replied.

"I think we'll be fine," Harry nodded, "and it's not like this is going to be our main focus at all."

"No, it won't," Rias grinned, holding out her hand. Four stacks of summoning papers appeared in her palm as she added, "This, my lovely new servants, is going to be your first assignment."

"We're to distribute them?" Hermione asked, and she nodded.

"It's something she makes us all do when we're starting out," Akeno murmured.

"I thought I was going to die," Gasper called out from his box.

"That you managed it at all is actually really impressive, all things considered," Kiba said, smiling down at the box.

"When it comes to bare-basic distribution of these things, my familiar handles most of it around here, but in the case of you four, I want you to see who you can get to really show interest," Rias murmured. "Humans summon us for countless reasons, and most who take these will do so thinking that they're fun little novelties and only give them thought down the line, but you will come across the occasional desperate soul, and learning to recognize them is a very useful skill for any devil."

"I was reading through your summoning records," Hermione murmured. "Thank you for sharing them, by the way."

"Did you get a better sense of the sort of things that we ask for in bargains?" Rias asked.

"I did," Hermione nodded, handing her back her journal. "I honestly feel a little better about that now."

"Deals like the one Harry made with Reinhardt are more common than the one I made with him," Rias chuckled.

"You mean devils don't generally ask their clients to take their virginities in exchange for what they want?" Fleur asked teasingly, and the redhead narrowed her eyes at her.

"My circumstances were rather...unique," Rias replied. "Anyway, Harry, you're going to go with Fleur while Hermione and Luna pair up, and I've specified the spots I want you to go on the map here. Hand out summoning papers until you run out and then return to the Rookery. If things go smoothly enough, you might have time to shadow us on actual summonings here, something I want all of you to do at least once just to really get a sense for how to conduct yourselves."

"Will do," Harry murmured, taking a second to figure out where specifically she was sending him.

"Um, Rias, I think you're going to be summoned tonight by a very specific client that both 'Arry and I should come with you to meet," Fleur said. When the redhead cocked an eyebrow at her, she said, "I gave my parents one of these the last time I went to Kyoto."

"Ah," Rias nodded. "They've come to an agreement then?"

"Maman's symptoms are getting worse," Fleur sighed. "I know it isn't easy on either of them, but Papa loves her, and he's willing to do whatever he needs to to keep her healthy and sane."

"Alright," Rias nodded. "In that case, I might pop over there now and see if they're in. I can arrange things ahead of time that way."

"Thank you," Fleur smiled. "I hate that it's come to this, but there is no one I'd entrust my mother with more."

"Even as someone who's been a devil for nearly a year now, I still struggle to understand actively wanting to share your lover with your mother," Kiba admitted, and Fleur chuckled.

"It's more a veela thing than a devil one," she replied. "Our norms and our sense of morality have always been rather...unique in that regard."

"Oh," Kiba breathed. "I'm being summoned."

"Good luck," Rias smiled, watching him disappear in a summoning circle. "Alright, you four get to work, and Akeno, Koneko, I trust you have people to visit as well."

"I have something scheduled," the nekomata said, standing up and conjuring a magic circle around herself. "Good luck, you lot."

As she disappeared, Akeno murmured, "She's been so much more relaxed over the past few days. I so dearly want to see why for myself soon."

"Koneko will approach us again in her own time, Akeno," Rias grinned. "I don't want any of us scaring her off."

"She seemed downright chipper the morning after," Luna smiled. "I'm beginning to think your penis actually has healing powers, Harry."

"Guys, I'm still here," Gasper said, and Hermione facepalmed.

"Sorry, Gasper," she replied. "We should probably get going."

The four of them grabbed their stacks of summoning papers and took off, leaving Rias, Akeno, and Gasper behind.

"Gasper, the gym is empty now," the Gremory heiress said. "I want you to run laps around it for the next half-hour."

"But…" Gasper went to argue.

"No buts," Rias replied. "It's empty; there are no people there, and it is essentially a larger box for you, something that I'm going to call a stepping stone for your progress. Go on."

"Alright," Gasper muttered, flying out of the box and walking out.

"You've never had this many new pieces at once before," Akeno commented, and Rias sighed, sitting down.

"I'm so glad I turned them just before the summer," Rias replied. "Even with as ridiculously busy the last couple months were, it still gave me a little breathing room without us being in school."

"Things seem to be going well," Akeno murmured. "You have nearly a full peerage, and we're all relatively powerful. Do you think we'll be getting into any rating games soon?"

"Probably not for a few months, but I think I'm ready to test myself," Rias smiled, excitement welling inside her.

"We'll do you proud when the time comes," Akeno murmured, cupping her cheek, and Rias smiled, brushing her fingers over her hand.

"I know you will," she whispered. "I should pop over to Kyoto and see if the Delacours have a moment. Do you have anything scheduled for this evening?"

"No, but I'm sure I'll be summoned soon," Akeno replied. "Do let me know how it goes."

"You know I'll show you the memory, baby," Rias grinned, standing up and kissing her softly.

"Love you," Akeno smiled.

"Love you too," Rias replied as she summoned a crimson magical circle around her.

A moment later she was gone, leaving Akeno alone. She threw open the window, looking outside, and froze for a moment as she thought she sensed something that made a chill go down her spine.

"Was that...hmm…" she muttered to herself, closing her eyes and trying to focus on the magical signature she thought she sensed. "I swore I sensed a fallen angel for a second, but it disappeared nearly as quickly."

She spent a moment longer trying to see if she could pick up on what she did before, and when she didn't feel anything out of the ordinary, she opened her eyes again and shook her head.

"Probably nothing," she murmured, still deciding to tell Rias later just to be on the safe side. She felt herself being summoned a moment later and grinned, putting the strange moment out of her head and wondering just what the desperate mortal soul who had reached out to her was going to offer for whatever favor they desired.

*****

"I'm just saying, Sebastian, it's something to consider," Apolline said as she opened the door. "Oh, Mrs. Gremory."

"Rias, please," Rias replied. "Could I come in? Fleur said that you wanted a word."

"Right, right," Apolline murmured. "Please, come in."

"You remember as well as I do how beneficial the boarding experience was for us," Sebastian called out from the kitchen. "Being in a school environment full time, away from home, will allow Gabrielle to make friends more easily and build chara...oh, hello."

"Hello, Mister Delacour," Rias smiled. "How are you feeling?"

"I've not seen any improvement yet, but I'm hopeful," Sebastian replied. "More than that, though, I'm at peace."

"Peace," Apolline grumbled under her breath. "Did you add the wine?"

"I have made beef bourguignon before, my love," Sebastian chuckled. "Yes, it's all in."

"Then why don't you two talk while I reduce it?" Apolline asked.

"That smells lovely, by the way," Rias murmured as the beautiful older veela practically marched into the kitchen.

"That's really just the lardons and browned beef so far," Sebastian sighed happily.

"Is she alright?" Rias asked quietly.

"No," he replied sadly. "Apolline needs help, which is what I wanted to talk to Harry about, though Fleur suggested that I should go through you, and not just because you're his wife. Congratulations, by the way."

"Thank you," Rias replied, walking with him as he led her into the living room. "I love what you've done with the place."

"My Apolline's always had a flair for interior design, and focusing on the house has helped her not focus on...other things, though even that has its limits," Sebastian sighed. "Please, sit down."

Rias did so and looked up at him expectantly, patiently waiting for the man to speak.

"I am...not as capable as I was before the attempt on my life," Sebastian said, his voice oddly calm. "If Apolline were human, asking her to just...adjust to this new reality of ours would be selfish but not altogether unreasonable, but as a Veela…"

"Her needs are actual needs," Rias nodded, and he sighed, sitting down.

"She's been trying to hide it, but I know that she's suffering, and I love her too much to let that go on," Sebastian replied. "Men capable of handling the needs of a Veela are rare, and among those who could, the ones I'd actually trust are far rarer still."

"But Harry is one," Rias nodded, and he laughed humorlessly.

"It's ludicrous to be turning to a schoolboy for this, but…" Sebastian went to say.

"Harry's no boy," Rias finished for him. "You know he'd be...appropriately attentive."

"I know that Fleur is happy despite how many of you there already are in your odd relationship and that she has already said she'd be alright with this," Sebastian sighed. "Would you be?"

"Of course," Rias replied. "And Harry…"

"No straight man needs to be asked whether or not he'd bed a Veela," Sebastian said.

"You seem...accepting of everything," Rias commented.

"Acceptance is the first step towards healing," Sebastian said, clearly reciting a line he'd heard before, and Rias gave him a querying look. "It's something that Healer Yamamoto says often. He's theorized that one of the reasons why particularly dark magic leaves such permanent marks is because it actually uses our own fears, rage, and other negative emotions against us. Our injuries remain as they are because we fear them, hate them, and remain so furious at the overall situation."

"Is that...I mean, it's an interesting theory, but how tested is it?" Rias asked.

"He's been treating patients for decades, and I've met some who have recovered from things you wouldn't believe," Sebastian replied. "There's one man there named Haruto whose face bears a couple scars from someone who used fiendfyre on him. When he said he nearly died, I asked how much healing he'd seen so far, and he showed me a few picture, of how he used to look. The burns were horrific."

"Fascinating," Rias murmured. "I know that fiendfyre burns are particularly difficult to treat."

"It's one of the worst spells ever devised," Sebastian replied. "Seeing the progress that Haruto has made has given me hope for my own situation. Apolline doesn't understand, but accepting my situation as it is and letting go of my lingering feelings over it is the first step towards eventually recovering, should I be able to."

"Which has made accepting this a little easier," Rias nodded.

"It has," Sebastian sighed. "Harry helped save my life, and he adores Fleur. I know that I can trust him, and while this isn't easy, I love Apolline, and I can't let her go on suffering on my account."

"It's done," Apolline muttered as she walked in.

"Your timing couldn't be better," Sebastian said, standing up. "Rias and I were just finishing up our conversation. Um, will we need a contract of some…"

"No," Rias replied. "I know we're devils, but not everything we do is so...formal. Would you like me to return tonight with Harry and Fleur?"

"Harry and...never mind," Sebastian sighed. "Yes, I think that would be best."

"Sebastian," Apolline said mournfully, and he took her hands in his.

"My darling, you need this, and I am not selfish enough to deny you," Sebastian replied. "Healer Yamamoto thinks it would do me some good to spend a few nights in one of the meditation chambers at the clinic. You can...bring him here during them."

"Meditation chambers?" Rias asked, curious.

"They're sensory deprivation rooms meant to help us seek the peace we need within our own minds," Sebastian replied. "I should floo the clinic and let them know that I'll be coming by tonight after all. Excuse me."

Apolline watched them go, her face a mask of conflict, and Rias sighed, feeling genuinely bad for her.

"What was that about Gabrielle that you two were discussing when I arrived?" she asked, figuring the older woman might enjoy thinking about something else.

"Hmm?" Apolline asked, looking at her. "Oh, it turns out that Mahoutokoro allows students to take their courses for a day and then return home. They're a boarding school primarily, but they allow for the other option, something that I didn't expect."

"Oh, interesting," Rias murmured. "I know that Hogwarts doesn't do that."

"Neither does Beauxbatons," Apolline said. "Gabrielle asked us about it."

"Is she having trouble fitting in?" Rias asked.

"No," Apolline replied, "but she's become good friends with a girl whose mother insists on her returning home in the evening, and it's bothering her that she can only spend school hours with her."

"She's gotten to know her that well already?" Rias asked, amused.

"It turns out she lives in Kyoto," Apolline replied. "The two of them kept running into each other in a park nearby and struck up a friendship before they learned that they were both going to be going to Mahoutokoro."

"A strange coincidence," Rias said, furrowing her brow, and Apolline chuckled.

"You sound like Sebastian," she sighed. "He already had someone check on the girl's family, and they found nothing that suggested we have anything to fear. She is in such a different place here because of us, and with her having this one close friend that she wants to be able to spend more time with, I wonder if maybe we shouldn't...ah, never mind. We've taken up enough of your time."

"It's okay," Rias smiled. "Do you want me to return later with Harry and Fleur?"

"I want my life to go back to the way it was," Apolline sighed, looking out the window. "Maybe there's something to all of this acceptance nonsense Sebastian's been picking up at that clinic, though."

"There's every chance that these healers will manage to help him," Rias said softly, and Apolline turned around to look at her.

"I misjudged you when we first met," she murmured. "I never would have expected a devil to capable of the empathy and care that you've shown us since we first met."

"Like with humans, there are some among us who are monstrous, but we aren't all like that," Rias replied, and Apolline gave her a weak smile.

"I'm sorry for thinking the worst of you," Apolline nodded. "Thank you for...this."

"Oh, trust me," Rias purred, reaching out and ghosting her fingers over the other woman's hand. "You don't need to thank me."

Apolline felt her breath hitch at the heated look the crimson-haired devil gave her, and her knees buckled at how intensely the heat in her core flared.

"Lucifer's light, you're that pent up?" Rias whispered, and Apolline whimpered.

"It's been so long," she breathed, shaking with need for a moment before she managed to get ahold of herself.

"Harry's going to destroy her," Rias thought to herself. "Harry will take care of you, I promise."

"Thank you, Rias," Apolline shuddered, sitting down. "Maybe come back in five hours?"

"That works," Rias nodded. "I'll see you then. Say goodbye to Sebastian for me?"

"I will," Apolline nodded, watching as the devil disappeared in a magic circle.

She rubbed her thighs together and whimpered, hornier than she'd been since her days in Beauxbatons.

"Maman would have scolded me for letting it get this bad," she thought to herself, shaking her head as she tried to picture what the old Veela would have said.

Her mother had been a more old-fashioned sort among their kind, coming from a tradition that saw men more as tools than anything else. Celeste Dubois would have scoffed at the idea of a Veela letting her needs get this bad out of love for one and would have taken pleasure in pointing out that she ended up giving in in the end anyway. Apolline shook her head and stood up, trying not to dwell on how ruined her panties had become from just one heated look as she walked to their bedroom. The floo port in the living room still hadn't been set up, and so they were stuck using the one in the master bedroom, something that she thought was ridiculous.

"In the absence of emotion there is peace," Sebastian murmured to himself, still sitting on the floor following his call to the clinic.

"I hope all of this nonsense ends up fixing him," she thought to herself, listening as he slowly repeated that line again and again, slipping into a trance.

She'd been thrilled when the two of them first met with Healer Yamamoto and heard the man explain the success he'd had in treating patients suffering from the lasting effects of dark magic. When so many others just turned them away, saying that there was nothing more that they could do, hearing anyone say so earnestly that they thought they could help had been wonderful. His methods, though, had left her less than impressed.

"Surely it can't be as simple as just letting go of everything, can it?" she'd wondered more than once. "I'm just being a bitch. He's learning to accept what's happened as I've been growing more and more miserable because of the lack of sex. After tonight, I'll be able to think more clearly."

"In the absence of emotion there is peace," Sebastian repeated, and she turned around, softly padding away from their room.

"I just hope he doesn't lose who he is trying to fix himself," she thought to herself, looking at her husband one last time before heading back to the kitchen to check on the stew.

*****

"A fallen angel?" Rias asked, sitting down at her kitchen table. "Are you sure?"

"It might be nothing, but for a moment I swore I felt something that reminded me of...him," Akeno replied. "It wasn't him; I know that. He...wouldn't dare come here, but…"

"But another of them could have," Rias muttered.

"It's also possible that I'm wrong," Akeno replied. "It was a momentary blip, something that came and went so quickly, I almost missed it entirely, and I can't guarantee that I wasn't simply confused for a moment."

"Did you sleep well last night?" Rias asked.

"Despite Harry's best efforts?" Akeno grinned. "Yes. I don't know what I felt, Rias, but I knew you'd want to know even if it did turn out to be nothing."

"I'll alert the others and tell them not to go anywhere on their own for the next couple days," Rias said. "We can't be too careful here, especially with us having so many newly turned devils."

"What's wrong?" Harry asked, walking in with Fleur in tow.

"Possibly nothing," Rias replied. "Akeno thought she felt something that reminded her of the Fallen near the school today."

"A fallen angel?" Fleur asked.

"Here?" Harry asked.

"We don't know," Akeno replied. "It disappeared so quickly and so completely that I didn't even bother trying to fly around to look, plus, someone summoned me not long after."

"Have you seen angels in this town before?" Fleur asked.

"No," Rias replied. "Sona and I both call this town home, and coming after either of us would restart the Great War, something neither other faction has seemed to want since we first entered this more relaxed phase of our conflict centuries ago."

"Yeah, I can't imagine how ballistic Lady Serafall and your brother would go if anything ever happened to you two," Harry muttered.

"It wouldn't be pretty," Akeno said. "Like I said, it's entirely possible that what I felt was nothing at all, but we should all be on guard for the next few days just to be safe."

"How did your flyer distribution go?" Rias asked.

"Quite well," Fleur beamed. "I had three dozen people make immediate requests of me."

"Five of which actually weren't 'show me your tits and you can have my soul,'" Harry chuckled, earning himself a flat look.

"Five is more than you got, mon amour," Fleur teased.

"I got three immediate offers, all of which I advised them to consider carefully," Harry replied.

"That's generally for the best," Rias replied. "What you really want is to end up with a host of people who make recurring contracts with you, and the ones who really think through what they want and what they're willing to pay for it are generally more likely to end up like that."

"I got a contract!" Luna exclaimed as she walked in.

"Or, you can just say 'fuck it' and just take everything that comes your way," Akeno chuckled.

"That's wonderful, Luna," Rias beamed, cocking an eyebrow at Hermione, who looked like she'd been shaking her head and chuckling to herself the entire way home. "What was it?"

"I met a nice man who was seeking new ideas and gave him a few," Luna replied.

"Hmm?" Rias asked.

"He was a manga writer who…" Hermione went to explain.

"Mangaka," Rias corrected her.

"Mangaka who was seeking inspiration for a new series of stories but had ended up with a bad case of writer's block," Hermione continued.

"He asked me if I could give him inspiration, and over tea, I told him all about mine and Daddy's adventures looking for creatures like the crumple-horned snorkack," Luna beamed, earning a look of concern from Harry.

"Because those creatures aren't accepted by the magical community, that doesn't qualify as a violation of the statute of secrecy," Hermione said, not needing to read his mind to know what he was thinking. "It also wouldn't really matter if it did, given everything."

"By the end of the conversation, he had this whole story planned about a father and his young daughter exploring the world searching for what he called cryptids," Luna smiled. "He's promised me a signed copy of every issue as payment."

"Charge a little more next time, but well done," Rias smiled. "How did you find it, Hermione?"

"It was a great opportunity to get to know the people of the town a little better," Hermione replied. "I got a couple people who sounded interested, but that was it."

"That's fine," Rias smiled. "I've decided that you'll all shadow us tomorrow instead of today."

"Did something happen?" Luna asked.

"Hey, Akeno, we swept through the town and didn't see any sign of angels," Kiba announced as he walked in with Koneko.

"I'm sorry there are angels here now?" Sirius asked, yawning as he walked down the stairs. "You take one nap…"

"Dark One, should I have the minions search the town?" Gnarl asked, walking upstairs from the basement, having finished checking on the minion hives.

Hermione cocked an eyebrow at Rias, who sighed and pinched the bridge of her nose.

"We don't know," she replied. "Akeno will explain, but the long and the short of it is that we don't have any reason yet to think that there might be any angels about, but we're going to act for the next few days like it's a distinct possibility, and I don't want any of you wandering around alone out there."

"You seem rather worried about something you also don't think is true," Sirius pointed out.

"It's probably nothing, and I'll likely feel silly in a few days about worrying us at all," Akeno replied.

"There are few figures among the fallen angels crazy enough to try to pick the sort of fight they would be if they came after me, and none of them are beings we ever want to meet," Rias replied, "so we're going to take some precautions for a few days, and if we don't come across anything else, then we'll relax and forget this happened."

"Understood," Harry nodded. "How did your meeting with Apolline and Sebastian go?"

"It...oh, we should actually get going," Rias replied, checking the time. "Fleur?"

"Actually, just give me a second to change, and we can head right over," Fleur said, flying up the stairs.

"I've got work to finish up," Koneko murmured.

"Same," Kiba said.

"I want to check on the minions. Do you want to come with me, Gnarl?" Hermione asked.

"Absolutely, Dark One," Gnarl tittered.

"I'll come along too," Luna said. "I want to check out the next couple volumes in this series I've been reading."

"Don't tell Grayfia that we thought there might be a fallen angel around," Rias commanded. "She'd tell Sirzechs, and the last thing I want to do is bother him over nothing if it turns out that there aren't any here."

"Okay," Luna nodded as she teleported to the Underworld with Hermione and Gnarl.

"Keep an eye on things here while I'm away," Rias murmured to Akeno, who nodded.

"Do you want me to call Sona and let her know?" she asked.

"That would be a good idea, yes," Rias replied.

"So Fleur's actually on board with you...helping her mum?" Sirius asked, and Harry almost laughed at the look of awe on his face.

"There are a number of reasons why it makes sense," he replied.

"Blimey," Sirius replied. "Poor Sebastian."

"Tell me about it," Harry muttered. "I feel bad, but, like I say, it's necessary."

"Not exactly going to be torture either," Sirius murmured. "If you want advice about older women, I'd be more than happy to give it. I had my share of cougars back in the day, one of whom could actually turn into one, which…"

"Isn't something I need to think about, thanks," Harry chuckled. "I'm good, trust me."

"Harry, if you're free tomorrow or any day soon, really, I think I'm ready to...ready to speak to James," Sirius said, and he nodded.

"As soon as I have some free time," Harry promised, earning a grateful smile from his godfather.

"Thank you," Sirius replied. "I'd have done it sooner, but...to be honest, it's taken me this long to work up the courage. Some Gryffindor."

"He's already forgiven you, Sirius," Harry sighed, and Sirius smiled sadly.

"That's the problem," he said. "If he was going to yell at me for being such an idiot, I'd be able to take that, but I know he's going to forgive me, and I wasn't sure I was ready to hear that."

"Are you though?" Harry asked.

"I need to speak to him," Sirius sighed. "I didn't get a chance to say goodbye, and I...I'd like that."

"Tomorrow," Harry nodded.

"'Arry?" Fleur called out as she flew down the steps, wearing a gorgeous blue gown that clung to her like a second skin. "Rias?"

"Let's get going," Rias smiled, looking Fleur up and down. "Very nice."

"Thank you," Fleur grinned.

"Later, Sirius," Harry said as he joined them.

As the three of them disappeared in a large magic circle, Sirius chuckled, shaking his head, and poured himself a glass of this lovely Japanese whiskey he'd picked up the other day. It didn't burn in quite the same way as firewhiskey, but it was smooth as silk, and with a drop or two of water, tasted of vanilla, orange, and honey.

"He's off to have a foursome with his wife, their girlfriend, and their girlfriend's mum," he murmured to himself, shaking his head in amusement. Looking up at the darkening sky through the window, he toasted it and said, "I'm sure you're as proud of him as I am, mate."

He sipped the whiskey and took a long, slow breath, trying once more to convince himself that he was ready to have his long-overdue conversation with his dead best friend.

*****

"Mmm, something smells wonderful," Harry murmured as they appeared in the foyer of the sizeable house the Delacours had bought and moved into.

"Maman's beef bourguignon," Fleur said, looking around. "Maman! Are you here?"

"Fleur, I...oh!" Apolline gasped, staring at Harry the moment she laid eyes on him.

"Fuck," Harry mumbled under his breath, his eye raking over her body.

Veela tended to age well, so despite being in her mid-thirties at that point, Apolline looked at least a decade younger than she was, and as she stood there, dressed in nothing but a white lace teddy, she looked amazing. She was slightly shorter than Fleur, and while her body was very similar to her daughter's, her curves were actually far more pronounced. Her breasts were large and full, comparable to Rias' or even Akeno's, her hips were wide, her thighs deliciously thick, and her waist, while not quite as narrow as Fleur's, still gave her a gorgeous hourglass figure. Her face was as beautiful as one would have expected, her cheekbones prominent, her lips full and pouty, and her nose delicate and just slightly upturned. All of this Harry took in, and yet none of it was what truly drew his attention as the moment he looked into her eyes, the inky blackness of them was all he could see.

"'Arry," she said, her shuddering voice making the word feel like a prayer. "You...you're…"

"Magnifique, is he not?" Fleur purred, the lust rolling off of her mother in waves bringing out her most basic instincts. She'd never been around a Veela this overcome by arousal before, and as she stared at Harry like he was the most beautiful thing in the world, the desire to show off her mate and bask in the older woman's desire and envy was so intoxicating, it drove her lingering concern about what this was going to mean for her parents' marriage from her mind. "As an incubus, the more 'Arry feeds on the women he takes to bed, the more impressive he becomes, and the others and I have kept him very, very well-fed."

Apolline stared at him hungrily, not even thinking to blink until her eyes grew so dry that they hurt. He wasn't just handsome; he was beautiful, a specimen of man the likes of which she'd never seen before. Her lingering reluctance, which had withered more and more as her terrible lusts grew too great to handle, vanished like dew under the summer sun, and in that moment, she knew only one thing: she needed to feel this man inside her more than she needed air.

"I had no idea it had gotten this bad," Harry murmured, watching Apolline tremble and quiver with each step as she approached him. "I had no idea that it could."

As an incubus he was uniquely able to feel the lusts and desires of those around him, but even if he'd still been human, he was sure he would have felt Apolline. Even under the effects of the master-servant pact's curse, none of his lovers had ever felt quite this desperately aroused. The desire rolling off of her in waves felt intoxicating, making his entire body tingle and his cock throb painfully in his pants. He'd thought that she was unleashing her allure at first, but it turned out that she was too distracted to think of that, and when she let it loose a moment later, it made him gasp.

"You'll...help me, won't you?" Apolline asked, reaching up and cupping his cheek. "I...need this so badly, 'Arry. Say you'll help me, say you'll fuck me as I so desperately need to be…"

He cut her off with a kiss, and the moment she felt his lips on hers, she plunged her tongue into his mouth. Melting into his embrace, she moaned throatily as he deepened the kiss, pressing herself against him as much as she possibly could. She had never known such wanton need, such all-consuming lust in her life, and she cried out in pleasure when he pushed her against the wall, trapping her between it and his large, strong form.

"She wasn't this bad earlier," Rias whimpered, the older Veela's allure making her soaking wet in seconds.

"She was," Fleur replied. "She was just hiding it. Maman's been hoping against hope that it wouldn't come to this for weeks. If I had ever let myself get as bad as she has, she'd have tanned my hide for being so stupid."

"Fuck me!" Apolline cried, grinding her overflowing sex against his length through his pants. "I need it! Need it, need it, nee…"

Harry kissed her again, his hands roaming over her gorgeous body, and he shuddered at just how hot she felt. She felt feverish, her overheated form already slick with sweat, but while there was clearly something ailing her terribly, she wasn't at all sick. With a wave of his hand, he undressed her, making the teddy she was wearing reappear on the table next to them, and he grinned when just cupping her breasts made her cry out sharply.

"Fucking hells, you're beautiful," he groaned, his eyes roaming down along her body.

Her breasts were still remarkably firm for their size, considering her age and her pregnancies, a gift of her succubus heritage, he imagined. Her nipples were slightly larger than Fleur's, the same rosy shade of pink, and as he ghosted his thumbs over them, her knees buckled.

"Please," Apolline whimpered, grabbing one of his hands and placing it on her soft belly. "Touch me, fuck me, break me if it's what it takes, just make this stop."

"He will, Maman," Fleur purred, embracing Harry from behind and looked, down at her mother's pussy. "Look how wet she is, mon amour."

"She's dripping down her thighs," Rias grinned, joining them, "and she smells so good. I think you should have a taste."

Apolline shuddered, feeling like the slightest touch could make her cum just then, and Harry grinned devilishly at her, asking, "Is that what you want, Apolline? Do you want me to find out just how much you taste like Fleur?"

"Do it!" Apolline exclaimed. "If you don't, I'll go mad!"

"Uh, Harry?" Rias asked, noticing the downy white feathers appearing on Apolline's arms.

"Poor Maman," Fleur cooed. "Show her what you can, 'Arry."

"Happily," Harry grinned, leaning down and capturing one of her rock-hard nipples with his lips.

Apolline screamed, nearly slipping as her knees buckled again, but Harry held her up, his large hands gripping her waist, and she gasped at how strong he felt. He worshiped her breasts, driving her wild, and her moans became more and more like avian shrieks. The feathers on her arms grew thicker and thicker, slowly turning a mix of yellow, orange, and red, and her eyes, already dark with lust, became a uniform black.

The world around her disappeared, her new home, the devil heiress she'd all but begged for this and even her own daughter ceased to exist in her eyes. All that existed was the man currently tormenting her, and she lashed out with her allure, wanting nothing more than for him to impale her. His clothes vanished, a little accidental magic on her part, and she squirmed against the wall at the sight of the long, frighteningly thick pillar of hard flesh jutting out of his groin. His cock was something she'd not been able to get out of her mind since she laid eyes on it weeks ago and having it so temptingly close yet not buried inside her was all the more maddening. She tried to move, wanting to push him back and sink down onto his magnificent shaft, but she found she couldn't.

"Oh, no, no," Fleur grinned, holding her in place by sheer force of will. "You should have come to me about this weeks ago instead of letting it get this bad, Maman. If I had done something this foolish, you'd have spanked me raw once you finished fucking my brains out. If 'Arry here wants to draw this out a little longer, then you will let him take his time."

An enraged shriek escaped her sharp mouth, her fiery glare almost palpably angry as she raged impotently at her daughter, and the red-haired devil next to her laughed.

"You two sound so much alike in this state," she declared, "but then, you're quite similar in so many ways, as it turns out."

"I'm sorry for torturing you like this, but your tits are too incredible not to enjoy," Harry murmured.

"Did you enjoy them, mon amour?" Fleur cooed, reaching down and wrapping a hand around his throbbing length. "Did you enjoy sucking on the nipples I suckled from a baby?"

"Fuck, Fleur," Harry groaned, and she giggled as Apolline continued to struggle against her hold.

"After you've helped my poor Maman," Fleur replied. "Kiss your way down along the belly Gabby and I softened, and feast on the pussy we came out of. We both know you want to."

"I do," Harry grinned, looking up into Apolline's inky black eyes and grinning at how absolute her desire felt. "And I think I've teased her enough."

The older Veela squirmed and moaned as he started kissing a trail down along her belly, his lips burning like the sweetest fire every time they touched her. He spread her legs, his fingers digging into her fleshy thighs, and when he breathed on her slick, pink nether lips, she swore that alone nearly made her cum.

"Please, please, please, please," she chanted, tears streaming down her face as months of frustration caught up with her, pushing her to her boiling point.

She was as proud as any Veela and hadn't begged for anything since she was a child, but she begged there, and when she felt his long, dexterous tongue brush over her fleshy folds, she shrieked. One lick was enough to push her over the edge, and she sobbed as she came so hard she squirted. Harry wasn't even slightly phased, having experienced this countless times, and he groaned in pleasure as he continued to lap at her slick sex. She tasted so much like Fleur, being just slightly tangier, and he found her utterly intoxicating. His fingers dug into the flesh of her ass as he held her in place, and his forked tongue danced through her folds, exploring every bit of her. He hadn't even needed to touch her clit to make her cum the first time, something he kept in mind as he waited for her to come down from her titanic climax.

"Oh...oh...ah," Apolline panted, her eyes glassy and unfocused as she looked down at the man kneeling between her legs.

Her feathers started to pull back; the orgasm she'd had being enough to help her tortured mind gain a little clarity, and just as she was about to thank him, she saw his tongue reach towards her clit and realized just a second before he touched it that its tip looked split. He captured her still-throbbing nub between the halves of his forked tongue and massaged it in a way that he'd practiced numerous times with the others over the past week.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, YES!" Apolline wailed, cumming again, and Fleur smiled at the sight.

"As much as I wish it hadn't come to this, I'm glad she's getting what she needs," she sighed.

"Do you want to take this upstairs?" Rias asked, watching the older woman writhe against the wall and smirking when she saw Harry push his magical tongue inside her spasming tunnel.

Pressing the tips against her g-spot, he hissed, "Cum for me, Apolline. Lose yourself in my touch."

"MON DIEU!" Apolline squealed, cumming harder than she ever had in her life at that.

The three devils all winced in pain at her words, but Harry didn't relent even slightly, continuing to speak Parseltongue directly against the rough little patch inside her. Apolline convulsed against him, her legs going limp as orgasm after soul-searing orgasm thundered through her entire body. Harry reached out with his magic and moved her thighs onto his shoulders as he continued to hold her up by her arse, smiling as he felt them squeeze around him.

"I didn't know if she'd want to," Fleur replied. "My bed isn't big enough for all of us, and I wasn't sure if she'd want to do this on the bed she shares with Papa."

"He...said it's...okay," Apolline panted, her every word sounding weak and whimpered as Harry finally relented.

He looked up at her and smiled as he saw her irises were showing again, the sparkling sapphire color a welcome sign that he'd already done much to help her.

"Feeling better?" he asked, kissing her left thigh as he gazed into her eyes.

"Feel like...I'm floating," Apolline panted, gasping when he effortlessly moved her from his shoulders to his arms. She wrapped her arms around his neck as he carried her bridal-style, shuddering and saying, "You're so strong, 'Arry."

"You're so light that I wouldn't be surprised to learn you Veela actually do have hollow bones," Harry replied, and she laughed, feeling lighter than she had in months.

"I never truly lost every pound I gained carrying Fleur and Gabrielle, 'Arry," Apolline purred, smiling as she stared into his gorgeous eyes, "but you are very sweet to compliment me so."

"Please," Rias scoffed, cupping her cheek and gazing into her eyes. "You're a vision, Apolline, every bit as beautiful as Fleur here, and I am deeply looking forward to feasting on you once Harry's finished fucking you senseless."

"You know as well as I that they're telling the truth, Maman," Fleur grinned. "You can feel their lust for you as I can. None of us are going to rest tonight until your every need has been thoroughly seen to."

As Apolline basked in their desire and adoration, she realized just how much she'd missed that. Sebastian's injuries from the curse hadn't just robbed him of his physical abilities but seemed to rob him of his sex drive altogether. That was arguably worse than the lack of sex itself since as it meant that he wasn't capable of desiring her at all, something that, as a Veela, she couldn't help but feel. It had only added to her sexual frustration, and feeling so much genuine lust and desire directed at her then made her soul sing in ways it hadn't for ages.

"I'm afraid my legs are already a little numb, but if you could carry me upstairs, Fleur can show you the way," Apolline smiled, cupping Harry's cheek.

"This way," Fleur whispered, flying up the stairs.

Rias flew after her, and he quickly followed, carrying Apolline to her bedroom.

"Sebastian is spending the entire night at the Taiyo clinic, so we don't need to rush anything," Apolline said as he set her down on the bed.

"I'm sorry it came to this," Harry said softly, and she smiled sadly.

"Thank you," she murmured. "I tried to put it off for as long as I could stand to, but...his recovery could take years, if he even will ever…"

"Try not to think about that now," Fleur whispered, not trusting her voice as she grew emotional. Brushing the back of her fingers over her mother's cheek, she murmured, "Papa loves you enough to allow this, knowing that you need it."

"And I love Fleur," Harry said. "I would never let someone she cares for so deeply suffer, even if I wasn't going to enjoy the 'cure' so much."

"Such a man," Apolline chuckled, looking down at his aching, weeping cock and licking her lips. "Truly, such a man."

"You're going to love this, Maman," Fleur purred. "In fact, Arry, I think you should reveal yourself."

"He's rather revealed as it...oh, wow," Apolline breathed as he undid the magic of the cloak and revealed his horns and wings.

"These are so much fun to hold onto as you ride him," Fleur grinned, palming one of his large, curved horns.

"These are the signs that you're an incubus and not just an ordinary devil?" Apolline asked.

"This is, more than anything," Rias replied, wrapping her hand around his tail and showing off the heart-shaped tip of it.

"Fuck me, 'Arry," Apolline breathed, staring down at his heavy shaft and spreading her legs further. "I've wanted to know what you'd feel like inside me since Fleur showed you off all those weeks ago."

"That wasn't my intention at the time," Fleur felt the need to say. "Back then, I just hoped it would help you understand part of why I was so taken with him."

"Did becoming an incubus make you this big?" Apolline asked, squeaking when he brushed her clit with his bulbous head.

"It made me a little bigger but not much," Harry replied.

"He was already massive when I first fucked him," Rias grinned. "Needless to say, I was pretty immediately hooked."

"I hope I don't end up completely hooked," Apolline thought to herself, her body going taut as he continued to tease her slick folds with his thick head. "I need him, though, more than I've needed almost anything in my life. No more than once a week, though. That would be enough to keep me sated and sane. Any more than that and it...would be an indulgence."

She shivered at the thought, already well aware that the next few hours were going to be some of the most intense of her life. Fleur had gushed multiple times in her letters over the last year about what a god Harry was in bed, and that was before he became an actual sex demon. With one last mental apology to her husband, she looked the young incubus in the eye and nodded. She was about to ask him again to fuck her when he pushed forward and her world turned to bliss.

"Fuck!" she cried, throwing her head back as she felt her inner walls stretch around his invading length.

"She really looks more like your sister than your mother," Rias murmured, wrapping an arm around Fleur's waist as they watched Harry push his cock inside her. "Maybe we can consider this practice for when Gabrielle's older."

"What?" Apolline asked, crying out when he pushed forward again, stretching her out even further.

"The little harpy will desire 'Arry for all her days, you know that," Fleur replied. "She begged me to let her join our harem and I said I would if she wanted him when she was old enough."

"If you don't want me to touch her, that's okay," Harry grunted, closing his eye for a moment as he felt her sweltering tunnel cling around him. "You're so bloody tight."

"You're like a horse, 'Arry," Apolline giggled, running her hands over his broad shoulders. "Non, it's alright. If my little angel still wants you when she's old enough to be able to take you, I would be a terrible mother to deny her such pleasure as this."

"I love Veela," Rias chuckled, and Fleur grinned.

"Having learned much about Devils over the past few months, I can say Veela are actually worse in some ways," Fleur whispered in her ear. "I guess our succubus heritage just left us such horny little sluts that we couldn't help it."

"Don't forget that you do probably all descend from Aphrodite too," Rias grinned, cupping one of the blonde's large breasts and smirking when she gasped. "You all come by that very, very honestly."

"Shit!" Fleur gasped, quivering when Rias ghosted her fingers over her pink folds.

"So wet," the redhead purred. "Watching Harry make your mother scream for him turned you on that much?"

"I can...ah, fuck...see how wet your thighs are from here," Apolline said, and Fleur smirked, reaching down and cupping Rias' cunt.

"You're both gagging for it so clearly that, if I wasn't buried inside Apolline here, I'd have you two kiss while I went back and forth between you," Harry groaned. Looking over his shoulder, he met Fleur's eyes and grinned, saying, "Be a good girl and eat your master's delectable little pussy, baby,"

Fleur let out a throaty moan at that, his words making her insides clench hard with need, and just as she was about to do just that, Rias grabbed her throat and looked her in the eye.

"I have a better idea," the crimson-haired devil said. "Lie down next to your mother."

"Yes, Rias," Fleur breathed, her heart racing in anticipation of just what she had in mind.

She crawled over to where her mother was lying on her back, swaying her ass at Rias with her every movement, and she shrieked when the redhead spanked her without warning.

"She is a naughty little thing, isn't she?" Apolline grinned.

"And with such an eminently spankable ass too," Rias purred.

"Good thing for us both I love getting spanked," Fleur grinned. Looking over at her mother, she smiled, feeling the satisfaction already blooming inside her. She'd felt so on edge for so long as her unnatural lusts threatened to drive her mad that, despite everything, it still pleased her more than she could say to sense something else in her at last. Noticing that Harry's hips were flush against her arse, she leaned in and asked, "How does he feel, Maman?"

"So big," Apolline moaned, looking over at her. "I've never felt anything reach so deep inside me before, and his girth? No wonder you're willing to share him with so many."

"I love them all dearly," Fleur replied. "How could I not want them to experience such perfect ecstasy? 'Arry is...ahh!"

She cried out and looked in shock at Rias, who had flown over and pressed her own dripping slit against hers.

"Not my favorite thing in the world, but there is something to be said for feeling such warm, soft flesh against your pussy, no?" the redhead asked, and Fleur grinned, pulling her down and kissing her hungrily.

"Fuck me, 'Arry," Apolline purred. "Fuck me until I forget my own name, much less everything I want to right now."

"As Fleur and Rias both promised, I'm going to take very good care of you," Harry grinned, moving her legs up onto his shoulders and pulling most of his length from her clinging cunt.

When he plunged back in, she cried out, throwing her head back and grabbing at the sheets on either side of her. By accident, she grabbed her daughter's hand instead and looked at her, feeling her heart melt at the sheer love in her eyes.

"It's going to be okay, Maman," Fleur whispered. "No matter what, we'll make sure you're as happy and healthy as you can be."

"I...oh, fuck, right there...I love you, ma petite," Apolline moaned as she felt Harry rub against something deep inside her that felt amazing.

Fleur reached out and pressed her lips against hers softly, expressing her love and affection through the kiss, and Apolline felt her eyes grow damp. She broke the kiss a moment later, crying out in pleasure as Rias rubbed against her clit, and she cocked an eyebrow as the redhead smirked down at her.

"I just remembered that this is never quite as fun as it looks," Rias murmured, pulling back. "Of course, there are...other things we can do."

With a wave of her hand, she summoned one of the replicas of Harry's cock that they kept at home and the leather harness she liked attaching it to.

"I did wonder if you girls used strap-ons when Harry was otherwise engaged," Apolline murmured, looking at the large, heavy glass dildo and shivering.

"For now, I have only one cock, alas, so they have to make do sometimes," Harry chuckled, looking over at Fleur as Rias pushed the entire thing inside her in one long thrust, making her eyes roll back as she moaned loudly.

"For now?" Apolline asked.

"Apparently, I'll eventually earn the ability to naturally transform my tail into one too," Harry replied. "I can't yet, though."

"One of the many mysteries of him being an incubus," Rias grinned, grabbing Fleur's ankles and moving them up until she was in the same position as her mother. "My darling husband, shall we see who can make their Veela squeal first?"

"I'm game if you are," Harry rumbled.

Fleur and Apolline both cried out as the two devils fucked them with long, hard strokes, quickly working their way up to a rough pace. They looked at each other, still holding hands, and Fleur gave her mother a smile that made her heart melt. The past year had been so terrible in so many ways, but as she lay there, hand in hand with her loving daughter as the married couple they'd taken to bed fucked them harder and faster, the sheer love and affection she felt from her was like a balm for her soul. By the time the three of them left the next morning, Apolline would feel relaxed and at peace in a way she hadn't in ages, and when Sebastian returned, looking and sounding serene after his night of meditation, she wondered if they might just make it past all this after all.

*****

"Is this your first time in Tokyo?" the woman at the desk asked, looking up at the strangely dressed blonde as she finished stamping her passport. "It's Miss...Argento?"

"That's me," Asia smiled, covering her mouth as she yawned while pocketing it. "Sorry about that. Yes, it is my first time here. My first time in Japan, actually."

"Well, welcome to Japan," the woman smiled. "Your accent isn't too bad."

"I'm hoping to work on it while I'm here," Asia said. Looking around to make sure that there weren't too many people she'd be inconveniencing and smiling when she saw that there was barely anyone left behind her, she turned back and asked, "I know it isn't your job, but would you mind terribly if I asked for direction?"

"It's the middle of the night, and I'm honestly bored," the woman chuckled. "Where were you hoping to get to?"

"The town of Kuoh," Asia replied. "It's supposed to be in the Kanagawa Prefecture, but I couldn't for the life of me find it in my map here."

"Give it here," the woman said. As Asia unfolded the map and handed it to her, she murmured, "I've actually driven through the town before; it's on the coast...here."

"Oh, God bless you," Asia sighed, laughing lightly as she saw where the woman was pointing. "I thought it was further inland."

"No, right there," the woman said. "Enjoy your stay in Japan, Miss."

"Asia, please, and thank you so much," Asia replied. "I hope that I will."

She grabbed her small bag, and as she made her way through the airport, she frowned at the thought of just how desperate that hope was. After the year she'd had, she'd needed a fresh start, and when her new friends suggested Japan, she'd been reluctant, but that very night she had a dream about a church surrounded by cherry blossom trees and took it as a sign from the lord.

"Please, God, let things be different here," she prayed silently, completely unaware of just how much that prayer was going to come true.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Markuz Black, Brawlingbard, Child of the Omnissiah and 159 others
voivode_writer
Mar 3, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 50 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Mar 17, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,020
Issei Hyoudou hadn't had the easiest life. His parents weren't poor, and he lived comfortably, but they had struggled to have children before he came along, and, perhaps as a consequence, they sheltered him a great deal when he was young. He had friends as a child, including one nearby neighbor boy who moved away many years ago, but he'd always felt a certain restlessness, as though there was something inside him just burning to get out that he couldn't understand. That restlessness made him prone to a degree of obsessive behavior, and as a child, he developed a tendency to make whatever toy or show he was focused on at a given time his entire world until he moved on to the next thing. That continued for years until one time, as he was hanging out at a nearby park with some of his friends, he was introduced to what would become his most lasting obsession of all.

"Hey kids," an old man in a long trench coat said, grinning down at them. "You want to see something cool?"

"What is it?" Issei asked.

"The greatest thing in all the world," the old man replied, running his fingers through his long, white beard. Reaching into his coat, he pulled out a magazine and opened it for them, earning a chorus of gasps from the boys.

"Holy crap!" one of them exclaimed.

"She's not wearing clothes!" another breathed.

"They...they're beautiful," Issei stammered, his eyes utterly fixated on the woman's round, full breasts.

"They are, aren't they?" the old man chuckled. "Ah, the stories I could tell you kids."

"Stories?" Issei asked, already enthralled.

What followed, before a number of other adults noticed what was going on and chased the man off, beating him with sticks, forever altered the course of Issei's life, giving him an obsession with women's breasts that he never moved on from. In middle school, he met Matsuda and Motohama, two equally perverted boys with whom he could share his obsession.

"Holy shit, it's just like the one that old man showed me years ago," Issei breathed, staring down at the pornographic magazine in Matsuda's hands.

"I swiped it from my brother's room just before he left for university," the curly-haired boy grinned, sounding immensely proud of himself, though as his hair started poking into his eyes, he scowled and brushed it back. "Why the hell can't I just have normal hair like you two?"

"Because your dad's foreign," Motohama replied like it was the most obvious thing in the world. "If it bugs you so much, why don't you just shave it off?"

"Go bald?" Matsuda asked. "Don't you think I'd look weird?"

"You already look weird," Motohama replied, laughing as Matsuda swiped at him and he ducked under the playful blow. "I'm just saying it would bother you less."

"Her breasts are so amazing," Issei sighed, barely hearing either of them. "What do you think they feel like?"

"Soft, I guess," Motohama replied, "yet kind of firm, too, like water balloons or bags of sand."

"Bags of sand?" Matsuda snickered, and the other boy blushed in embarrassment.

"It's not like you know either," Motohama muttered. "Regardless, I think this girl's breasts are too big."

"Too big?" Issei asked incredulously. "No way! I saw a girl once in a movie whose breasts were bigger than her head. I don't think I've ever been so happy."

"Nah, give me one with tiny titties any day," Motohama replied.

"You're nuts," Issei chuckled.

"There are other girls in here," Matsuda replied, flipping through the magazine.

For the rest of the afternoon, the three friends did little other than stare at it and speculate about girls.

Unfortunately for him, obsessing over girls and their breasts did not translate to being able to talk to them, and Issei found himself rejected at every turn as he tried to ask out the girls in his old school. Matsuda and Motohama fared no better, and just as they were beginning to despair, they learned about Kuoh Academy, an all-girls school that decided to change that policy and allow boys to attend as well. Math was on their side, they thought. They'd drown in babes, they were sure. It hadn't turned out that way, of course, as their basic personalities continued to serve as girl repellent, all until one day when Issei found himself with a girlfriend.

"Man, how the hell did you end up with a total smoke-show girlfriend before either of us?" Matsuda whined later that day as the three of them hung out in his bedroom.

"She just walked right up and asked you out?" Motohama asked in total disbelief. "How does that even happen? Girls don't do that!"

"This one did," Issei grinned, leaning against the wall with his hands behind his head. "Yuuma, even her name is hot."

"Where does she go?" Motohama asked. "How had she even heard of you?"

"I guess she'd just seen me walking around, noticed what a total stud I am, and asked around," Issei chuckled, feeling better than he ever had in his life. "I guess I won't be needing porn for much longer since I'm gonna have the real thing."

Matsuda and Motohama both flinched at that, filled with an all-consuming envy that neither of them stopped to consider for a moment that this was both incredibly unlikely and more than a little suspicious.

*****

The next day was Saturday, and Hermione thought it would be well worth it to take advantage of the day off to try again to create her ring, this time using everything she had learned from Sauron's notes. She hissed as the sharp blade slid across her left palm, cutting a deep slit that would have worried her if she didn't know that she could heal it with ease. The heat coming from the kiln before her was immense but it was nothing that she hadn't become very used to over the past few weeks.

In the center of it was a small pool of molten gold shining in the magical light floating above her, and she couldn't help, despite the numerous precautions she'd taken, feel a little hesitant to take this next step. Taking a slow, steadying breath, she brought her hand over to the kiln and squeezed, watching the blood pour into the gold. Adding liquid to molten metal would normally be a bad idea, but there was nothing normal about this process, and her blood quickly wove itself into the metal.

"It worked," she thought to herself, feeling how the metal that would form her ring seemed to resonate with her own magical signature.

She's been reluctant to take any of these steps before, not wanting to give herself the terrible weakness that Sauron had in creating his ring and being more than a little perturbed by the similarities between it and Voldemort's horcruxes. As she researched the matter, though, she eventually realized that her fears had been misplaced. As a devil, her soul was immutable, and it turned out, as a few devils had learned centuries earlier in trying to find a way to counter the effects of light weapons on them, they could not partition them. She would, by following Sauron's forging process as she had up to this point and pouring her blood into it, bind the ring to herself, but she would not actually place any of her soul into it and would not die if it was taken from her.

That was the theory, anyway, and while she felt confident in her research, she'd still wondered if she was, perhaps, wrong, right up until that moment. Looking inside herself, she noticed no changes, no way in which she'd weakened herself or wounded her soul, and she grinned, feeling more than ready to move forward. Lifting the kiln with a wave of her hand, she poured the blood-infused gold into its mold and set to work weaving the remaining enchantments into it. Once finished, it would be nigh-indestructible as the One Ring was, breakable only if thrown into the molten core of the Underworld, from whence she'd drawn the heat that melted the gold. The red minions had helped her with that, and more than a few of them were watching from the corner, intrigued by the process.

Summoning her hammer, she lifted the rapidly cooling ring from its mold and brought it to her enchanted workbench. There she struck it again and again, using the hammer to weave the last and most important of the enchantments into it. Her minions watched with glee and cackled at the seemingly violent process, but she didn't hear them, having silenced the corner she'd forbidden them from leaving until she was done. Blow after blow from her hammer rained down on the ring, not one of them even denting it, but then, they weren't meant to. It had been shaped in its mold, the runes that she'd carved and enchanted into it having each imbued the initial enchantments into it to strengthen it enough to withstand this process. Nearly twenty minutes of constant hammering passed until it reached the point where all the others had failed, and as she struck it the final time, a blast of concussive force was unleashed which sent the minions flying into the wall and knocked over nearly everything else in its path save for her.

Shielding her eyes instinctively, she snarled, "For fuck's...oh!"

Lying in the middle of her workbench was a small golden ring, unadorned save for the Elven script she hadn't been able to resist inscribing into it.

"It worked," she breathed, holding out her right hand and gasping when the ring flew onto her index finger.

It was still too hot to wear, but that didn't matter where she was concerned. What was bound to her could not hurt her, and she let out a triumphant cry as she felt the power coming from it. This was enchanted to do everything that the gauntlet and helmet Gnarl had wanted her to make and wear was supposed to and more besides. With it, she could summon and command the minions far more easily, and, to her pleasant surprise, she found that she could actually sense them all too. It wasn't too distracting a thing and wouldn't bother her throughout her normal day, but in the back of her mind, she knew instinctively how many minions she had at her command and roughly where they were.

"Mistress?" one of the reds asked, and she smiled as she noticed that it was Bernadette.

"It worked," Hermione announced. "Return to the house at once. Thank you for your assistance."

"Yes, Mistress," they all said before scurrying out of her workshop.

With a wave of her hand she set everything back as it was and teleported back to the Rookery.

The living room looked empty, but she knew that Gnarl was in there somewhere.

"Gnarl?" she called out.

"Dark One?" the Minion Master asked, poking his head up over the couch and as she made her way over, she noticed him counting what looked to be quite a bit of money.

"Gnarl, where did you get all that...is that yuan?" Hermione asked.

"Sirius and I took a little trip up to a delightfully evil little city called Macau the other day," Gnarl replied. "We were quite successful."

"Mac...Sirius?!" Hermione called out, watching as he came downstairs.

"What is it?" Sirius asked.

"You took Gnarl gambling?" Hermione asked.

"I was the one gambling, though I don't know if it actually counted," Sirius chuckled. "It turns out, for some reason, that the enchantments that magical governments set up in muggle casinos to stop wizards and witches from robbing them blind and drawing too much attention to themselves don't work on minions at all. I disillusioned him and gave him shoes enchanted to let him float around, and he helped me cheat my arse off the entire day. It was great."

"The depths of despair we drove more than a few gambling-addicted humans into warmed the cockles of my heart," Gnarl sighed happily.

"You still could have easily gotten caught," Hermione growled, and Sirius chuckled.

"Relax, Hermione," he said. "I was careful not to make it too obvious that I was cheating, lost enough not to draw any unwanted attention, and while we made off like bandits, I made sure not to get too greedy."

"Why did you even do this?" Hermione asked, shaking her head. "You're not exactly hurting for money."

"Sirius introduced me to poker, and I asked him to show me one of the great gambling cities," Gnarl replied.

"It was Macau or Vegas, and I really didn't want to have to deal with the Yanks," Sirius replied. "MACUSA is bloody awful, trust me."

"China's magical government is better?" Hermione asked, genuinely curious.

"China's magical population is among the smallest in the world," Sirius replied. "Apparently a bunch of them got killed about thirty to forty years ago; no idea why, and while I could still sense the charms I expected around the casinos we checked out, I didn't come across any wizards or witches while we were there."

"I have quite a few ideas that I could let you use...is that the ring?" Gnarl asked, his golden eyes focusing in on her right hand, and Hermione smiled.

"It's done," she replied, showing it off.

"Excellent," Gnarl grinned, jumping to his feet. "Would you like to try it out?"

"What do you have in mind?" Hermione asked.

"Right this way, Ma'am," Gnarl replied, leading her down into the basement. "The existing minions are still mostly in the Underworld, living in that home Mistress Rias' parents let them use, but I took the liberty of having a few go out hunting the other day and sacrifice the animals they brought back in here."

"Why?" Hermione asked.

"For the life force, Dark One," Gnarl replied. "If that ring does all that it should, you'll be able to harvest and transmit life force directly into the hives here and then summon new minions through gates from there, but while it was unfinished, I figured it would be best to keep some on hand here. I sent the greens specifically, and they were not spotted, I promise."

"Alright," Hermione replied. "What do I do?"

"Reach out towards one of the hives and will a minion to come forth," Gnarl replied, and she nodded, reaching out with her right hand.

The ring began to shimmer as she focused her will on the brown hive, and she barely resisted the urge to gasp. She could feel the hive, feel the swirling life energy thundering within it. She couldn't feel the specific animals that had been killed to get it, as it was more as though she was feeling the essence of life itself, completely devoid of characteristics. It was warm and soothing, pleasant in a way that she couldn't really quantify, and just as she thought that she'd gotten a grasp of just what she was feeling, out popped a brown minion.

"Very good, Dark One," Gnarl beamed. "Try summoning one from each of the other hives."

She did so, reaching out to each of them one by one and summoning a red, green, and blue minion to join the brown one looking up at her in awe. With each one it became easier, the process quickly becoming automatic, and she knew instinctively that this was going to be incredibly easy for her before long. Once she'd summoned the minions, she sent them back into the hives and grinned down at her ring.

"That ring has improved your control over them at least as well as the gauntlet would have," Gnarl replied. "I still think that a suit of armor capable of striking fear into your enemies would have been better, but…"

"Don't go off to another country without my permission again, or I will be very displeased," Hermione hissed, and Gnarl smiled widely up at her.

"Needs a little work but not bad for your first threat," he tittered. "I will, of course, obey you, Overlady."

"Why did you want to check out casinos anyway?" Hermione asked.

"Because I think gambling could be a great source of income, influence, and power for you, Ma'am," Gnarl breathed. "I put together a little presentation that I think you'll find quite interesting if you have another moment to spare."

Hermione closed her eyes and exhaled slowly, wondering just what the ancient minion had in mind.

"Okay, let's hear it," she sighed, following upstairs.

*****

"Black or grey," Issei muttered to himself as he stared into the bathroom mirror. "Black or grey. Oh, this is stupid; it's not like Yuuna's actually going to care about the color of my jacket. But what if she does? She's a chick; chicks are into fashion. Damn it!"

"Issei?" Miki, his mother, called out. "Is everything alright in there?"

"Mom!" he exclaimed in his mind. "She's a woman."

"Hey, Mom, um, could I get your opinion on something?" he asked, opening the door.

"What are you all dressed up for?" Miki asked. "You didn't get into any trouble, did you?"

"What? No, nothing like that," Issei replied. "I have a date and…"

"I'm sorry, what?" his mother asked, her jaw dropping.

"Yeah, I asked a girl out...kind of, and I have a date," Issei replied. "I was wondering if the black or the grey jacket looked better."

"Are you feeling okay?" Miki asked, pressing her hand against his forehead to check his temperature. "Because I swear you just said you have a date and…"

"I do, Mom," Issei muttered. "Her name is Yuuma, and she…"

"Oh!" Miki exclaimed, looking more excited than he'd ever seen her. Whipping around, she ran downstairs and yelled, "Gorou! Gorou! It's finally happened! Our son has a date with a girl!"

"What?" his father asked. "For real?!"

"Ugh," Issei groaned, banging his head against the wall. "I know they don't like how perverted I can be, but is it really so strange that I...oh, who am I kidding? Of course it is. I reacted the same way yesterday."

Shaking his head, he looked back in the mirror, checking the two jackets again, and decided that he preferred the grey one.

"I just hope she does," he thought to himself, and as he went to put the other one away, he noticed something sticking out of the pocket of the pants he'd changed out of.

Pulling it out, he smiled when he saw what it was.

"I don't get why they hand out these weird flyers," he thought to himself. "'Your wish will be granted.' Yeah, well my wish has already…"

"Wait a minute, maybe this thing is why Yuuma asked me out," Issei breathed, staring down at it in shock. "Holy shit, if this has been my good luck charm, then I absolutely need to take it with me."

Pocketing the flyer, he put his other jacket away and hoped more than anything that he wasn't going to screw this date up.

*****

"Fuck," Harry grunted, letting go and spilling a load into Fleur's eager mouth.

The Veela, whose beautiful blue eyes hadn't left his through the entire slow, leisurely blowjob, practically purred as she swallowed every drop of his seed. Letting his softening cock slip from her lips, she kissed the tip, making his legs shake, and giggled, nuzzling his thigh with her cheek.

"You enjoyed that, I trust?" she asked softly, staring adoringly up at him.

"If I had known fucking your mother would make you this happy, I'd have suggested it weeks ago," Harry chuckled, setting down his pen, and she grinned.

"All done?" she asked.

"I think I rewrote the same line a few times back there, but yes," Harry replied, standing up and putting his homework away. "I had no idea that blowjobs could make me so much more productive with my schoolwork."

"I told you to trust me," Fleur grinned. "I am your school nurse, after all, and if I prescribe something, I expect you to take it seriously."

"I put myself in your capable hands," Harry chuckled.

"Harry?" Koneko asked. "Could I speak to you?"

"Come in!" Fleur called out before he could say anything, and the nekomata opened his door only to freeze when she saw that he wasn't wearing pants and Fleur was completely naked.

"I…" she stuttered, and Akeno chuckled behind her.

"Oh, go in," she said softly. "It's nothing you haven't seen before."

"That is true," Fleur smiled, sitting down on Harry's bed. "I remember all too well the time I looked over to see you watching us. You looked so cute and so very sexy."

"Sexy?" Koneko asked.

"What's going...guys," Rias muttered as she joined them.

"It's okay, Rias," Koneko sighed. "What I have to say concerns all of you anyway."

She walked in, followed closely by Akeno, and Rias and Luna joined right after, closing the door behind them.

"Where's 'Ermione?" Fleur asked.

"Trying to make her ring again," Luna replied, walking up and pulling the Veela down for a deep, passionate kiss. "Mmm, I thought you had that 'I just drank Harry's cum' glow."

"It is delicious," Fleur purred, pulling the blonde into her lap.

"You're all just like this, huh?" Koneko asked.

"I know we can seem a little over the top at times, but…" Rias went to say, but the white-haired girl shook her head.

"I meant happy," Koneko said, "and comfortable. Sex, as it turns out, is fucking awesome, but...that's what I really envy most about all of you."

"It is when you're with someone who's good at it," Fleur smiled. "I'm glad that your first time was so wonderful."

"It was," Koneko said, leaning against the wall. "Thank you, all of you, for giving me space afterward."

"None of us wanted to push you into anything that you weren't ready for," Harry assured her, and she gave him a slight smile.

"I know you all know what happened to me, so I won't waste time repeating it, but I've lived in fear of myself for a long time now," Koneko said. "I never saw what happened to my sister coming, and the idea that the same thing could happen to me, that I could just lose it and become a feral beast, terrified me like nothing ever has, even when it looked like the devil council was going to kill me for what she'd done. I froze myself emotionally, thinking that if I just didn't feal that whatever animal instinct drove her nuts could never happen to me. I let myself feel with you, though, Harry, and it...I was okay."

"You are," Rias said softly, smiling at her. "You're not your sister, Koneko. You're your own person, your own devil, your own nekomata."

Koneko let her ears and tail show at that, and Luna did her best to muffle her squeak at the sight.

"I am," she replied, looking down at herself. "I'm not going to pretend that part of me still doesn't fear that I could lose it, but I allowed myself to feel, and the world didn't end, so I'd like to try that out again, maybe not now, but down the line."

"It will be okay," Luna smiled, walking up and taking one of her hands in hers. "If you don't want to jump straight into our orgies, maybe a hug would be a good next step. I know it's a step down from sex with Harry; everything is, really, but a good, warm hug is always nice."

"Sure...oof!" Koneko exclaimed as the deceptively strong blonde pulled her in and hugged her tightly.

"We'll take good care of you," Luna whispered, gently scratching behind her ears. "May I pet you?"

"Sto...oh, fuck," Koneko moaned, feeling her stress melt away as Luna started scratching her scalp.

"Come," Luna said, flying her onto the bed and continuing to scratch her gently. "Could I scratch your back too?"

"Do whatever you want to me," Koneko sighed, feeling so relaxed she thought she might start purring as Luna's magic fingers continued to drive her right into nirvana.

The blonde removed her shirt the next moment, leaving her cute little bra on, and, after laying her down onto her belly, began to scratch her back like her mother used to do for her.

"So how long have you wanted to do that for?" Akeno giggled.

"Since I saw her cat ears the first time," Luna replied, beaming as Koneko started purring.

Harry chuckled and shook his head, saying, "So I don't have anything else to do today. Rias, do you want me to shadow one of you on a summoning, or do you think we won't get any today?"

"To be honest, it wouldn't shock me if we didn't, given what a nice day it is out," Rias replied, peering out the window. "I…"

"I did it," Hermione announced, walking in and showing off her ring.

"Really?" Harry asked.

"Congratulations," Akeno smiled, taking her hand and looking at the ring. "It looks like a wedding band."

"It's a pretty simple ring," Hermione nodded. "If I stick it in fire, some Elven words appear, but otherwise it's quite ordinary."

"What do they say?" Luna asked without looking back at her, and Hermione noticed the half-dressed, purring Koneko for the first time and cocked an eyebrow at Rias.

"A bit of a breakthrough," the redhead murmured.

"It reads 'knowledge is power' written repeatedly," Hermione replied. "I couldn't think of anything else, but I wanted to inscribe something on it just because of what I took inspiration from. I'm not enough of a poet to come up with anything like the inscription on Sauron's ring."

"You've tested it out?" Rias asked, and she nodded.

"Yeah, I ran into Gnarl downstairs and tested it out on the hives," Hermione replied. "I'll have to test them out against an enemy at some point."

"You might get your chance soon," Rias said, and all the others, even Koneko, turned to look at her.

"Did one of you find more evidence of the fallen angels?" Harry asked.

"No," Rias replied. "My brother sent word this morning, though, that a stray devil was tracked to a town near here, and he thinks she might be on her way."

"She?" Koneko asked, instantly on alert, and Rias shook her head.

"It's not Kuroka," she replied. "I check with Grayfia pretty regularly, and there haven't been any signs of her since that night. From what he told me was this stray is female and had a particularly bad reaction to the evil pieces."

"How bad?" Fleur asked.

"Her lower body was transformed into a bizarre, centaur-like form," Rias replied. "She was human originally."

"I imagine she's less than pleased by that," Hermione said.

"She's apparently gone quite insane," Rias replied. "He said she calls herself Viser and that, if she comes here, she's likely to burrow herself into somewhere dark and vast and start feeding on the locals. We'll all need to keep our eyes peeled for any signs of trouble for the next little while."

"For both this stray and potential fallen angels," Harry muttered. "Fun."

"This Viser could be a good test for the minions," Hermione murmured, tapping her fingers on the desk, "and something I'd much rather involve them in than a vast criminal enterprise."

"What?" Rias asked, and she sighed.

"Sirius introduced Gnarl to poker, which led to a surprisingly in-depth discussion of muggle gambling rings, which led to him learning about the wonders of organized crime," Hermione muttered. "Now he wants me to ask you if we could buy up some casinos so that we could have easy access to a host of desperate souls for contract purposes in the hopes that it will eventually lead to me running a massive vice empire that spans the globe."

Rias laughed out loud at that as the others all looked at her in surprise.

"At least he's creative," Harry chuckled.

"Oh, is he ever," Hermione muttered. "As he was researching illegal gambling, he came across stories of fight fixing and came up with a detailed plan about how we could reduce all sports around the world to fuel for a massive gambling ring meant to siphon money from poor people until they become so desperate that they'd agree to any deal we devils offered them. When I pointed out that sports gambling is illegal almost everywhere and this would be a huge pain in the ass to maintain, he just said, and I quote, 'just bribe the human leaders until they legalize it.' The sad thing is I think that it might work."

"Oh, it would take a while, but I'm sure it could," Rias murmured. "Widespread legal sports gambling could be worse for the population of Earth than any drug. My mother would honestly be impressed by his vision."

"Well, I told him that I'm not going to even consider getting into that until after I graduate," Hermione replied. "I figure that will give me a few years to redirect his focus."

"Why don't you just tell him no, outright?" Luna asked.

"Because then he'll try to change my mind until I order him not to, and I'm trying to keep direct orders to a minimum," Hermione replied. "I didn't ask to be made master of an entire species, and I'm still far from comfortable with the idea. I imagine you went through the same thing with the master-servant..."

She trailed off at that, but it was too late, and Koneko, sensing that she'd just heard something she wasn't supposed to have, perked immediately.

"Master what now?" she asked and Rias glared at Hermione.

"The master-servant contract is a thing from another world that Harry used first on me, unwittingly, and then on most of the others," she replied as the brunette projected her apology into her mind.

"It's a pact that binds two people in, at least the way we do it, a sexual, magical relationship," Harry added. "When they trigger the punishment of the pact, they become incredibly horny until they call me master and submit."

"Kinky," Koneko said flatly. "Why do I sense that you didn't want me to learn about this?"

"The servant in the pact is more thoroughly bound to the master than any of you are to me," Rias sighed, figuring that the cat was out of the bed and wishing she could be amused by that turn of phrase. "Harry doesn't abuse his authority with us, but even I could run into trouble if I directly disobeyed him."

"It's why I generally make sure not to order any of them about, not wanting to accidentally trigger it," Harry said, and Koneko just stared at him with her jaw hanging open.

"So if you order them to do something and they don't, they get hit with debilitating arousal until they submit to you, and none of you jerks were planning to tell me about this at all?" Koneko demanded, giving Rias a betrayed look. "This would be perfect for me! Bind me; bind me right now!"

"That's why I didn't tell you!" Rias hissed. "I don't want you trading one crutch for another. The only way that you're ever going to heal is if you learn to actually trust yourself as much as we all trust you."

"It also can't be done except on the full moon," Luna added.

"You...really trust me that much?" Koneko asked slowly.

"Yes," Rias replied. "When you asked me before you slept with Harry the first time to promise you that I'd do whatever it took to stop you from hurting any of us if you tried, even up to killing you, I agreed because I knew that I'd never need to keep it. You've adjusted as well as anyone in this room to the gift of Devilry, Koneko. It doesn't matter that you're a nekomata or that things went so tragically wrong with your sister because you're you, you're strong, and I dearly hope that you manage to see that some day."

The two of them both went quiet at that, and after a moment, Fleur broke the silence by humming a soft little tune that calmed them all downright.

"I never would have slept with him, even with how much you were all driving me nuts with the constant sex, if I didn't at least mostly trust that letting myself feel and indulge in my desires like that wasn't going to drive me off of the deep end," Koneko said. "When I say that I want this, and I do want it, it's for the same reason that I only agreed after you promised to put me down if I became a threat to you all. I'm not as terrified as I used to be that I might lose it like Kuroka did, but I don't think I'll ever fully quiet the little voice in the back of my mind that keeps saying that it could happen, that at any point I could snap and become just like her. You want me to trust myself, and I do more than I used to, but I can't really relax, not fully, but with this, with this little bit of insurance, I could let go completely. I could be one hundred percent normal; is that not worth it?"

"Rias," Akeno said softly. "It might help her, and it can always be undone if she wants to and feels like she could trust herself without it."

"I will think about it," the crimson-haired devil sighed, so tense that she actually flinched when Luna touched her shoulder. "Now, it's going to be winter soon, and I think it would do all of us some good to take advantage of the warmth while we still can."

"I think that would be lovely," Luna smiled. "How about we explore the town and you show off some of the nicer parts we haven't seen yet?"

"Sounds like a plan," Harry murmured, and Rias nodded, eager to put a pin in that conversation for the time being.

*****

"I think it suits you," Yuuma giggled as Issei held a shirt displaying the bare chest of an almost comically ripped man.

"You think?" he asked with a laugh, amazed at how relaxed he felt around her.

He'd been a stammering idiot when he first saw her, trying and failing to get out that he thought she looked great, and all it had taken was a giggle and a compliment in return to set his mind at ease. He'd never been on a date before, and neither had either of his closest friends, so he'd had to rely on his imagination and things he'd read before for ideas, but he thought he'd come up with some good ones, and Yuuma seemed to be enjoying herself so far.

The romantic stroll through the town seemed to have gone well, and when she'd stopped by a clothing shop and suggested they go, though he'd read often enough that taking women shopping, especially for clothes, could be torture, so far he had concluded that everyone who ever said so was either lying or a moron. Taking women clothes shopping meant that they had to change into the clothes to try them on, which meant they had to undress in the change room, which meant they were stripping down mere feet away from him.

"This is great!" he thought to himself as she returned to the change room, already undoing the buttons of the latest shirt she'd tried on. As she turned, he got just the faintest glimpse of the purple bra she was wearing and swore that he might faint.

She returned a moment later, back in what she'd been wearing before, and set the muscle shirt down, saying, "Actually, I changed my mind. I much prefer you as you are."

She grazed her fingers against his barely-existent bicep as she said that, and he had to turn away to hide his erection.

"As fun as this is, none of it seems to be my style," Yuuma said, and he swore for a moment that her voice grew a little deeper for a second, though he quickly dismissed it.

"I'd feel bad if I didn't get something, at least," Issei said, looking around and smiling when he saw a bunch of scrunchies. Picking up a purple one, he asked, "What about this? It would match your eyes."

"Dude, that was totally smooth!" he thought to himself, smiling when Yuuma looked surprised for a moment.

"Well, if you insist on getting me something, I suppose it would be rude to object," she purred, and he had to turn away again.

The two of them continued on from there, her scrunchie around her wrist, and he smiled every time he looked at it, thrilled that he'd actually picked out something she liked. Their impromptu shopping trip had taken a lot longer than he thought, and he feared for a moment that the place he intended to take her for dinner might be full, but, to his relief and joy, they had a table available, and he tried not to grin like an idiot when she sat across from him and leaned forward, giving him an amazing view of her supple breasts.

"Order anything you like," he smiled.

"So the wagyu feast is okay?" she asked, sounding completely serious, and he froze. She burst out laughing a moment later and said, "Relax, Issei, I'm just kidding."

"I love your laugh," Issei breathed, and as she smirked in reply, he thought for a moment that her eyes seemed to harden and grow colder, but as he blinked, she looked completely normal, and he just smiled.

He didn't think he tasted his meal at all, utterly focused as he was on his date, and before he knew it, he'd paid for everything and was watching her finish her ice cream as he sipped on his sweet tea.

"So your family just moved here?" Issei asked as she finished telling him about Osaka, where she'd apparently lived before.

"Yeah, an opportunity arose that was too good to pass up, and we moved," Yuuma replied. "It's been a bit of an adjustment, and I'd be lying if I said I wasn't terribly bored at first, but I'd say things are looking up."

"Really?" Issei asked, taking a drink, and she grinned.

"Yeah, I met this really cute guy, and we seem to have really hit it off," Yuuma purred, and he choked.

As they finished up, he decided to take her to the nearby park and, as they entered it, felt brave enough to take her hand.

"Holy shit, this has gone great!" he thought to himself as he saw her blush prettily. "I've always loved this park."

"It is quite pretty," Yuuma murmured, sounding suddenly bored as they neared the fountain that lay at its center.

"It's also where I was introduced to my greatest passion in life," Issei thought to himself, peering over at cleavage as subtly as he could.

Yuuma suddenly pulled her hand out of his and rushed forward towards the fountain before turning around to smile at him.

"Issei, there's something I'd like you to do for me," she grinned, "in honor of our first date."

"She wants me to kiss her! This rocks!" Issei exclaimed in his mind. As she walked back towards him, he said, "Of course; I'll do anything you want."

She grinned up at him, her violet eyes suddenly turning icy and her gaze almost cruel as she said, "Would you die for me?"

"Wha...what?" Issei asked, blinking in confusion and wondering if he'd somehow misheard her.

*****

"Thanks for today," Rias sighed, moaning as Harry slowly and firmly brought his thumbs up along her right sole.

The two of them were alone on her bed, having just returned from their day of exploring Kuoh.

"You needed to get your mind off of things," he replied, "and with the others all scattering to do their own things, I figured the two of us could just have a relaxing day on the town."

"You're so good at that," Rias moaned, leaning back and stretching her arms over her head.

As she did so, her left foot grazed against his cock, and he groaned, earning a smirk from her.

"One of my many inherent gifts," Harry grinned. "I didn't realize it at first, and Leviathan didn't tell me about it, but as an incubus, I can sense any tension in the body of someone I touch and instinctively know how to relax it."

"Really?" Rias asked, intrigued.

"Mmhmm," Harry replied. "I couldn't tell from all of you since you rarely have any tension in you at all…"

"With how often and how very well you fuck the life out of us, I can't say I'm surprised," Rias purred, her eyes darkening with lust as she stared at him.

Harry grinned at that and started gently tugging on her toes one by one. His cock throbbed at the breathy sigh she let out, and as he switched to the other foot, he said, "At the risk of making you tense again, I would like to know why you're so resistant to the idea of me binding Koneko with the Master-Servant Contract."

Rias sighed and scowled at the ceiling.

"She's never going to get better until she finally accepts that she isn't her sister and never will be," the redhead replied. "I don't know what went wrong with Kuroka; maybe she was just unstable from the start, and turning into a devil was ill-advised in general; maybe something went wrong with the process, or maybe her master did something to set her off, but whatever it was, I've seen no signs of danger in Koneko. The reason I didn't tell her what the contract did before today was that I knew damn well that she'd jump at it, and I won't have her impede her own progress by just finding a new crutch."

"Rias, I don't think you're giving her enough credit here," Harry argued. "If this was still a month ago when she was desperately trying not to feel anything out of fear, I'd agree completely, but she has made progress…"

"Progress that could be completely undone here," Rias muttered, pulling her feet back and getting out of bed. "If we do this, she'll be relying on you rather than herself, and she could easily slip back into just going through the motions rather than living her life, falling into a comfortable, numbing malaise like she had all this time."

"I know that, and I love how deeply you care for all your servants and their well being but I think you're wrong about what this would mean for her," Harry said, standing up.

Rias glared at him, getting increasingly annoyed, and muttered, "I've known her for over a year now, Harry, and in all that time I have slowly, patiently coaxed her back to a mental state where she doesn't loathe herself just for being what she is. I don't understand why you seem to think that after only knowing her for about two months, you know her better than I do."

"Because I know what it's like to live in a state of constant fear, and, frankly, you don't," Harry said. Sighing, he added, "At the risk of offending you, you're a bloody princess, Rias. Aside from the camel incident, prior to your forced engagement to Riser, had you truly known anything like the hardship Koneko's gone through?"

"I understand what a nightmare it was for you between the point where your name came out of that goblet and when you summoned me, but…" Rias went to say, and Harry shook his head.

"That's not what I meant," he replied. "The tournament sucked, and I was sure for weeks that I was going to die, but that's still not the most scared I've ever been."

Despite her annoyance, Rias softened immediately when she saw the haunted look in his eyes, and she took one of his hands in hers, rubbing it soothingly as she whispered, "Talk to me."

"My relatives didn't beat me," Harry said, staring off at nothing. "The abuse was never that bad, but I was disciplined frequently enough and more than that, I knew that they really didn't like me. I slept in a cupboard under the stairs growing up while the spare bedroom upstairs was given to my cousin's extra toys."

Rias pressed her lips into a thin line, rage welling inside her, but she said nothing, just continuing to ghost her fingers over his forearm as she waited for him to continue.

"Any time I messed things up, they'd become angry, but worse than that, any time that something weird happened around us, they became furious," Harry whispered. "It was accidental magic; I know that now, but I didn't then. All I knew was that at any moment in any day something might happen that would set them off."

"I'm going to enjoy helping my father torment them down the line," Rias hissed, and he chuckled, kissing her forehead.

"Like you said, you don't know what set Koneko's sister off, and neither does she," Harry whispered. "All she knows is that one day everything was fine and the next, her sister was gone, having murdered the devil that took them in, and powerful people suddenly wanted to kill her for fear that she'd go the same way. I understand that, in a way, that fear that something around you that you don't understand could hurt you at any moment and you'd be powerless to stop it. She meant it when she said that a small part of her would always fear that she was going to snap and hurt one of us, and she's probably right."

"I just want to make her all better," Rias muttered, and he chuckled, hugging her.

As she wrapped her arms around him, Harry said, "I know you do, and I love that about you, but while you can work to help people through trauma, even with your powers you can't just destroy it."

"You really think this would be good for her?" Rias asked.

"I think it wouldn't be bad for her," Harry replied. "Would it be a bit of a crutch? Yeah, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing. Numbing herself and going through life as a living robot was an unhealthy coping mechanism, to put it mildly, but this wouldn't be the same thing. If knowing deep down that she'd never be allowed to hurt anyone she cares about is what it takes to get her to start letting go and truly living rather than just existing, would it really be so bad? It can be undone in a year, or even a century if, by then, she's reached a place where she doesn't think she needs it anymore."

"Admittedly, that doesn't sound too bad," Rias murmured. "After spending so much time working to help her move past what happened, I guess I just sort of feared that this would make her regress."

"I won't say that it isn't a possibility, but I will say that learning that those strange things around me were magic and that I could control them brought me peace on a level I can barely explain," Harry replied. "She's taken some big steps forward recently, and this could be what she needs to take more."

"The fact that you'd be regularly fucking her has nothing to do with this argument at all, of course," Rias teased, and he chuckled.

"You're the one who almost said outright that my penis had magic healing powers," Harry replied, and she burst out laughing.

"You know, I think this was our first true fight as a married couple," Rias said.

Furrowing his brow, he murmured, "I don't know if it truly counts as a fight. A minor argument, maybe…"

"If it was a fight, it means we can have makeup sex," Rias purred.

"A terrible fight," Harry said immediately. "I don't know how we even survived it."

Rias laughed at that and kissed him hungrily, snaking her arms around his neck. He returned the kiss with equal passion, walking her back to the bed and grunting when she fell back and pulled him on top of her.

"A princess, am I?" the redhead asked, running her hands over his neck and jaw.

"Your brother is pretty much the king around here, and your ancestor runs the council," Harry replied, brushing her hair behind her ears and gazing lovingly into her eyes. "If that doesn't make you a princess, I don't know what would. At any rate, you're my princess."

She gasped and moaned when he pressed his lips to her neck and started nibbling on her earlobe. Squirming under him, she felt heat pool in her core, the hot kisses he was trailing up and down her neck lighting a fire in her. Their clothes disappeared with a wave of her hand, and she gasped as he started grinding his rock-hard cock along her already slick folds. She trailed her hands over his broad shoulders and thick biceps, and as she slid them along his back, she couldn't help but comment.

"Fuck, your workouts are starting to really pay off," Rias moaned, and he chuckled, moving back onto his knees and giving her a good view of his body.

He had been training seriously for nearly a year at that point, and while for a normal human that wouldn't have given him a physique quite like what he'd developed, as a devil and an incubus at that, he had put on some serious muscle. He was still lean rather than bulky, and Rias bit her lower lip as she stared at his well-defined abs, wanting little more just then than to trace each one with her tongue.

"I think you might just be enjoying your view as much as I'm enjoying mine," Harry smiled, taking one of her bare legs in his hands and pressing her lips to her sole.

Rias gasped and squirmed as he started kissing his way down along her leg, tracing her calf, knee, and inner thigh with his lips. He moved slowly, teasingly, his eyes never leaving hers, and he throbbed with need when he started to smell the sweet arousal wafting from her hot, wet pussy.

"Harry," Rias moaned, gasping when he started planting hot kisses all over her hairless mound.

"You smell so fucking good," Harry rumbled, spreading her nether lips open with his thumbs and staring at her pussy.

The fleshy pink folds were every bit as beautiful to him as he'd thought they were the first time he saw them, and her clit, engorged and poking out from its hood, almost beckoned to him, but he decided to avoid it for the time being, looking lower. Her little rosette quivered under his heated gaze, her inner muscles clearly already starting to clench and unclench as her desire overwhelmed her.

"You're so fucking wet already," he grinned, watching as a drop of her tangy fluids dripped from her quivering cunt and fell across her asshole.

Time almost seemed to slow for him as he watched that droplet covetously, seeing it slide down across her perfect skin, and her strangled cry when his tongue darted out to collect it made his cock pulse almost painfully. He split it down the middle, giving him a forked tongue worthy of what he was, and began to devour her holes greedily.

"Shit!" Rias shrieked, clenching her thighs around his head and kneading her massive breasts as he alternated between making his tongue dance through her sensitive folds and swirl around her ass.

He spread her thighs apart with his large, strong hands and grinned up at her, his green eyes nearly black with lust.

"I could spend hours with my head between your thighs, baby," Harry rumbled. "Maybe I will."

"Or you could...gah!" Rias shrieked, feeling the two halves of his tongue envelop her clit.

He wrapped his lips around it too and began to alternate between sucking on the throbbing nub and massaging it with his tongue. Rias didn't know which she preferred, and soon enough she was struggling to remember her own name, something that he made even worse by pushing two of his thick fingers inside her, stretching her tunnel open and making her cry out in pleasure.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh...yes!" Rias screamed, her eyes rolling back when he pushed a finger into her ass as well.

She let her breasts go, clawing at the sheets on either side of her for dear life as though she feared she might float away otherwise. Her body was so tense, the pressure in her core becoming almost unbearable as she soared higher and higher towards a blistering peak. He knew her body like the back of his hand, had known it that well even before he became an incubus, and it rarely took him much time at all to get her from barely aroused to squirming and begging for more.

"Make me cum, please make me cum, baby," Rias begged.

"How do you want it?" Harry asked, his forked tongue reaching out and brushing so perfectly over her clit that her ass bounced off the bed for a moment.

"I don't care!" Rias exclaimed. "Anything, please!"

"Mmm, dealer's choice," Harry grinned. "So many fun options that gives me."

Part of him wanted to speak Parseltongue against her clit, knowing that that never failed to make her scream, but he decided against it, wanting to test something else out. Lowering his head back down, he pushed his forked tongue inside her quivering tunnel and moaned at how intensely he could taste her like this.

Luna had asked Leviathan the last time they summoned her if Harry needed to consume vaginal fluids to survive, having read erotic stories about incubi that had such a requirement and the ancient devil had been both amused and baffled by the question, wondering how, if that was true, we wouldn't have already known. When the blonde pointed out that she didn't think he'd gone a day without eating at least one of them out since long before he became an incubus, Leviathan had merely giggled and said no, looking at Harry in amusement.

"So I love doing it," he thought to himself. "Sue me."

From the way he could make them squirm and beg him during it, to the looks of tired adoration that they always gave him afterward, to even the tangy, salty, musky taste of them, there wasn't a single thing about the act that he didn't adore, and this was no different. He pushed his tongue, so much longer and more dexterous than most, further and further in until he found the rough, spongy patch that was her g-spot and started brushing his tongue against it, taking full advantage of the fork of it so that he was massaging the sensitive spot constantly.

"Fucking hell!" Rias cried, grabbing the headboard above her head and squeezing so hard she feared she might shatter the magically reinforced wood. "Don't stop; don't you dare stop. That feels so good!"

Harry grinned, his eyes not leaving her beautiful face for a moment, and he watched her turn redder and redder as she barreled towards her orgasm. He could have made her cum instantly, he knew, but he wanted to build up to it, wanted to watch her grow more and more desperate for the coming release. His tongue was in constant motion, massaging her g-spot like he'd massaged her feet earlier with firm, unceasing pressure, and just as her back staretd to arch off of the bed, her entire body drawn taut as a bowstring, he spoke a single word in Parseltongue and watched her whole world become nothing but ecstasy.

"Cum," he hissed, and her orgasmic wail was so loud it made him glad that her thighs were pressed against his ears.

"HARRY!" Rias squealed at the top of her lungs, cumming so hard she squirted all over him.

He kept going, reciting entire love sonnets to her in Parseltongue to keep his tongue vibrating inside her as Rias's screams grew louder and louder. Wave after soul-searing wave of pleasure thundered through her entire body, making her vision go spotty and her mind go blank. A chain of orgasms rocked her one after the other, seeming like one long, unending cycle of ecstasy, and by the time Harry finally relented, she could barely think.

"Rias, you okay?" he asked, smiling widely down at her, and she giggled.

"I'm...perfect," Rias panted.

"You are," Harry replied, kissing her softly and cocking an eyebrow at her when she started giggling again.

"You taste...like pussy," Rias panted, finding that hilarious for some reason.

Harry laughed and settled down on his back next to her, pulling her in until her head was resting on his chest. Wrapping his arms around her, he spent the next several minutes alternating between brushing her hair with his fingers and lazily doodling on her back with them while waiting for her to come down from her high. She nearly passed out in his arms; the combination of his warm body under her, his fingers soothing her, and the floaty feeling her mind was locked in was absolute bliss for her, but after a little while she returned to normal and kissed him passionately.

"That was cosmic," Rias sighed, flying up until she was hovering above him. "You, my loving husband, are going to get quite the treat for that later."

"I think I already had my treat," Harry smirked, licking his lips, and she grinned devilishly down at him, picking up his cock and enveloping the entire thing in her pussy in one swift movement.

"I am not resting tonight until I've made you cum at least as hard as I just did," Rias replied, resting her hands on his broad shoulders for support as she started to ride him.

Harry groaned in pleasure, the feeling of her squeezing her inner muscles each time she lifted herself up along his length making already, perfect pussy feel even better, and he grinned when she shifted herself forward so she could brush her breasts across his face. He caught one of her nipples with his lips and grazed it with her teeth, making her gasp and moan, and brought his hand down on her wonderfully round ass. Rias squealed and picked up her pace, riding him faster and moaning when he started to move with her. He was so big and filled her so completely that just the feeling of his thick cock brushing against her inner walls, seemingly hitting nearly every spot inside her at once, was incredibly intense, and when she finally found the right angle to make him hit that sensitive little pocket near her cervix, she shrieked.

"I fucking love your cock, Harry," Rias moaned. "I...I...oh."

"What is it?" Harry asked, furrowing his brow as she went still.

"I'm being summoned," Rias replied.

"Well, tell them to bugger off," Harry replied, lifting one of her heavy breasts to his lips and sucking on her nipple.

"No, this feels...I've never felt a more desperate soul before," Rias replied. "Could you cum? I think I really need to take this one."

As an incubus, Harry had complete control over his orgasm, meaning that he could hold himself back indefinitely or let go at will, and so he did, groaning as he filled her up. She continued to ride him until she sensed that she'd gotten every drop and then flew up off of his cock, putting her clothes back on with a wave of her hand.

"If whoever's summoning you is as desperate as you say, they might be in danger," Harry pointed out, flying out of bed and trying to will his cock to wilt enough for him to put pants on. "Take me with you."

"Fighting alone while I can't feel my legs might not be the wisest choice," Rias admitted, taking his hand. "No shirt?"

"You soaked that one, and I don't feel like wasting time to grab another," Harry replied, grinning as the sight of his squirt-soaked shirt lying on the foot of the bed made his wife's face redden until it nearly matched her hair. "Let's go."

Rias stopped resisting the summon, her grip on Harry's hand firm, and as a crimson summoning circle appeared around them, the two of them vanished the next moment, reappearing in the middle of a park they both recognized.

"So who...oh shit," the incubus breathed, and Rias' eyes narrowed as she saw the condition of who had summoned her.

Issei Hyoudou was lying just in front of the fountain in the center of the park, barely clinging to life as blood poured from the gaping wound in his stomach. His eyes were wide, his lips parted as he gurgled up blood, and in his right hand lay a familiar summoning paper that he'd clearly used by sheer will alone. As she looked around to see if his assailant was still around, Harry approached the gravely wounded boy, trying to think of the best way to deal with a wound that terrible.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Markuz Black, Brawlingbard, Top Sun and 163 others
voivode_writer
Mar 17, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 51 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Mar 31, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,039
"He's still breathing," Harry gasped, lighting up the area with a wave of his hand so he could see the extent of the damage more clearly. "I don't think he would be if the wound were an inch or so higher. This must be the work of that stray you..."

"Don't touch him!" Rias exclaimed as he reached towards Issei's stomach, and Harry froze. Destroying Harry's lumos spell, she added "This wasn't a stray devil."

"How can you tell?" Harry asked.

"I can feel the trace of light magic coming from that wound," Rias replied, kneeling down by the dying boy's side and hovering a hand over him to confirm her suspicions. "This was the work of an angel."

"The fallen one that Akeno sensed," Harry breathed as he joined her. "Why the hell would an angel murder a random human like this?"

"I don't know," Rias said, trying to destroy the lingering traces of the light in the stomach wound and scowling when that failed. "Fuck. Our magic won't be able to heal him."

"The light will resist us?" Harry asked, shaking his head when she nodded. "Maybe it was a female angel, and he tried to grope her."

"I doubt it," Rias replied.

"Rias, you know what he and his friends are like," Harry argued.

"I do, and while they are perverts with few social skills, they're not outright sex pests," Rias replied. "The worst thing they've ever done is try to peep on girls while they changed, and while that's wrong, it's not outright physical assault, and they've always been careful to try not to get caught as well. Groping someone in a setting as public as this park would be quite the escalation."

"That's a good point at least," Harry said, looking around. "Is this place always so...dead? I know it's late, but it's not the middle of the night yet."

"The fallen angel must have driven everyone off," Rias replied. "It's not hard to do with a few subtle, well-placed spells."

"I guess we can't help him, then," Harry sighed. "The wound might resist my magic, but his brain won't, so I can numb him to the pain at least."

"There is one thing we could do," Rias replied, summoning the bag holding her remaining evil pieces.

"Really?" Harry asked. "I'm all for saving innocent people, but do you really want to run the risk that someone this perverted will become a stray? You know what he'd do with that power then."

"What I want is to know who's screwing around in my territory," Rias replied. "Akeno senses a fallen angel, and then a couple days later someone is murdered with light magic? I need to know more, and he's in no state to be questioned. More than that, though, there has to be something unique about him."

"A sacred gear," Harry breathed, looking down at the boy, who had stopped twitching since he blocked out the pain receptors in his brain. "Azazel is obsessed with them. Why kill him, though? With his basic nature, I imagine he'd fit in well with a group of entities who, by and large, ended up in their state because of lust."

"I don't know," Rias replied, picking out her last remaining bishop, "but I intend to find out."

She pressed the bishop against Issei's chest, and it began to glow red before slipping inside. Harry watched, already figuring that he'd just peer inside his mind once he was out of danger, only to furrow his brow in confusion when the shape of a red bishop began to glow and pulsate under his skin.

"Uh, Rias?" Harry asked.

"Shit," Rias muttered, pulling the bishop out of him and putting it back inside the bag. "Well, that confirms that there's a sacred gear in play here."

"The bishop wasn't enough," Harry murmured as he caught on.

"No, and I should have known better, frankly," Rias winced, grabbing her last rook from the bag. "Those who possess mid-level sacred gears generally require at least four pawns, and both bishops and knights are worth only three."

"While rooks are worth five," Harry nodded, watching as she pressed the rook against Issei's skin.

Like the bishop before it, it glowed red and sunk inside him.

"I am very curious to see just what he's...oh no," Rias breathed as a glowing red rook shape began to pulsate under his skin.

"What the hell does he have?" Harry asked.

"A high-level sacred gear, possibly even a Longinus" Rias replied, retrieving her rook and standing up. Pacing back and forth as she desperately tried to think of something that could work here, she hissed, "Fuck!"

"What about Sona?" Harry asked. "Does she…"

"No, she doesn't," Rias replied. "She's used her queen, her knights, her bishops, one of her rooks, and five of her pawns, so she wouldn't have any combinations capable of helping here. My parents don't have anything useful, Sirzechs has a full peerage, and Seekvaira doesn't have what we'd need. The only one I can think of who might be able to help us is Lady Serafall, and getting in contact with her at a moment's notice can be...challenging. I don't think we can save him."

She slumped down at that, feeling unusually powerless, and Harry sighed, staring into the eyes of the dying boy.

"This is bullshit!" he thought to himself. "I summon those two in my last moment, and he's the shirtless one?"

"His mind is fading, and even with me blocking his pain, his panic is making it hard to look too deeply into him," Harry said. "If you flash him, that might get him to focus on something else for long enough for me to see what happened to him."

"Seriously?" Rias asked.

"The one coherent thought I plucked from his mind just now was a complaint that I was shirtless and you weren't," Harry said. "Even as he lies dying, all he can think about is tits. I'd find it funny in less dire circumstances."

"I guess it's the least I can do," Rias replied, waving a hand over herself and leaving her in nothing but her skirt and shoes.

Issei perked up immediately, his eyes going wide as saucers, and a wide grin formed on his face. Harry, unable to blame him for being so enamored by Rias' perfect breasts, peered into his mind more forcefully.

"They're...perfect," the boy thought to himself, a tear falling from his right eye. "I've finally seen...real boobs...and they're perfect."

Rolling his eyes at that, Harry went deeper and quickly found his most recent memory before he and Rias arrived.

"Would you die for me?" Yuuma, a girl he'd been on a date with, asked, her purple eyes harder and colder than ice.

"I'm sorry, could you repeat that?" Issei asked, confused. "I think I misheard you."

"Would you die for me?" she whispered in his ear, grinning wickedly as she stepped back.

She cackled as she jumped back her illusion slipped away as she let it go. She grew taller, and her face grew more angular. The conservative outfit she'd been wearing disappeared as well, replaced by a black leather lingerie set that Harry decided immediately he was going to have a replica of made for Akeno, and a pair of feathered black wings sprouted from her back.

"Holy shit, she's hot!" Issei thought, not yet aware that he was in mortal danger. "Her rack is even better than I thought, and...wait a second, she looks like a demon. Does she have wings?"

"You know, I will say that you surprised me today," Yuuma murmured, looking down at her hands and the purple scrunchie on her wrist. "Given how immature you are, I didn't expect to enjoy myself at all, but you were actually not a bad date. The gift was very sweet but, alas..."

"Yuuma, wait!" Issei exclaimed, watching in horror as she summoned a spear of red light in her hands and prepared to strike.

"Look on the bright side," Yuuma chuckled as she reared back, "at least by dying here, you'll be spared an entire lifetime of disappointment with girls."

She struck then, burying the burning spear in Issei's gut, and he exhaled forcefully, staggering backward as the agonizing pain consumed him. The spear disappeared, letting his blood gush out either side of the hole, and he slumped down onto his back, gasping in pain as he did.

"I'm sorry, but that thing inside you, alongside the complete impossibility that you'd ever control it, made you a threat that needed to be neutralized," Yuuma sighed, sitting down on the edge of the fountain as she watched him bleed out. "If you want to blame anyone, blame Him; he's the one who gave you the Sacred Gear."

"What the fuck are you talking about?" Issei thought to himself, desperately clutching at the gaping wound in his stomach.

"Well, I need to go," Yuuma sighed. "Thanks again for the date."

With that she flew off, leaving him alone to die, and Issei just stared up at the sky in shock, wishing more than anything that he was about to wake up from his obvious nightmare. As he lay there, clearly dying, he reached into his pocket, wondering if shoving the tissues he had in there in the wound would buy him time, when he felt the flyer instead.

"Grant my wish," he begged silently, picking it up with his shaking hand. "I don't want to die."

"I'm sorry," Harry whispered, shaking his head and feeling powerless.

"You saw it?" Rias asked softly, resting a hand on his shoulder.

"I did," Harry replied. "Hmm, let's try something."

Reaching back into Issei's mind, he found him dwelling on his disastrous date with the fallen angel and decided to alter the memory to something he figured he'd find better. In the place of Yumma was a giant pair of floating breasts modeled after Rias'.

"Boobs!" Issei exclaimed, immediately accepting that as normal. "Giant boobs!"

He reached out to hug them, only to look in confusion as he heard female giggling coming from the perfect pair.

"Issei, aren't you forgetting something?" the boobs asked. "We need to get going quickly if we're going to reach Boobtopia in time."

"Talking boobs," Issei breathed. "You do exist!"

"Get on," the boobs said, and he did so, burying himself in their warm, pillowy softness as he'd always wanted to.

The boobs flew off with him on top of them and were soon joined by others just like them, much to his delight.

"Good night, sweet pervert, and may flights of talking tits sing thee to thy rest," Harry sighed sadly, watching as the dying boy sank further and further into the absurd fantasy.

"What?" Rias asked.

"I looked through his mind, and that was honestly the thing that he wanted most," Harry replied. "The worst part is that he actually seems...normal. A pervert yes, but not a bad guy. I wish there was more we could do for him."

"So do I," Rias whispered, resting her head on his shoulder.

Harry kissed her crown, knowing that she was feeling the same sense of maddeningly powerlessness that he was and sighed. "Let's see what's in here."

"Do you think you can do that?" Rias asked as Harry reached towards Issei's chest, intending to search for his sacred gear. "I could probably get Hermione here before he dies."

"I haven't done it yet, obviously, but Azazel's instructions were clear enough that I'm pretty sure I can," Harry replied. "I think she'd put together a containment orb, though, and we might want to try using it if this turns out to be as awesome as it seems. Best care scenario, it's Sephiroth Graal, and we can use it to heal Sebastian. If that's the case, it's not like Issei would know how to use it on himself, untrained as he is."

"I'll go fetch Hermione," Rias said as she got dressed. "Be careful."

She kissed his cheek and disappeared in a magic circle. As she did, Harry turned back to Issei and knelt back down, placing a hand on his chest. His vitals were slowing as blood continued to pool all around him, but he was not terribly close to death yet. Thanks to Voldemort, Harry knew hundreds of ways to kill people, and stabbing someone in the gut was one of the slowest that didn't involve outright torture.

"She could have aimed higher and speared him through the heart, but she didn't," he thought to himself. "For all her talk of 'having' to kill him and being sorry about it, she made sure that it wasn't quick. This Yuuma, if that even is her name, isn't just dangerous but sadistic too. Fun."

Shaking his head at having yet another lunatic to put down, he closed his eyes and reached into Issei's soul as Azazal had described. The process wasn't entirely unlike what he had done before with his own soul and with those of the women he was bonded to, so he wasn't going in entirely blind, but it was still something new, and it took him a few tries before he felt like he'd made any progress at all.

"HOW DARE YOU?!" a deep, deafening voice boomed, and Harry nearly fell back in shock.

"What the fu…" he went to ask, only to trail off in shock as, within his mind's eye, there appeared a vision of a massive and undeniably powerful dragon.

He was crimson, with glowing, baleful green eyes and red scales so thick they looked like armor. His massive head moved closer as he peered at Harry, and the young devil shivered as he opened his mouth, revealing large, razor-sharp teeth.

"Hello there," he said. "Sorry, but I didn't expect to find a dragon inside this boy's soul."

"You're playing around with things you don't understand, little devil," the dragon rumbled, speaking more quietly. "Back away now while you still can."

"Your host is dying," Harry replied. "My wife and I sought to save him, but...we couldn't."

"Slain by a fallen angel whelp, I know," the dragon growled. "If Issei had been more open to me, I might have been able to stop her, but he never developed the senses needed for that. I didn't even get to fight Albion this time around."

"Albi...you're Ddraig!" Harry exclaimed. "Holy shit, he had the Red Dragon Emperor in him this entire time?"

He had done some reading on the most noteworthy Sacred Gears over the summer and learned enough about them to know who he was speaking to here.

"He did," Ddraig replied. "If you can't help him, then let us be. He might not be dying with that much dignity, but he deserves peace all the same."

"You don't need to go with him," Harry offered. "I have in my possession journals written by the fallen angel Azazel and could extract you from him if you like."

"Why?" Ddraig asked. "So that you could take my power for yourself. You devils are all the…"

"No," Harry said, cutting him off. "I seek to challenge a man that not even you could help me against."

"Who do you imagine could match my might?!" Ddraig roared.

"Rizevim Lucifer," Harry replied. "He is apparently immune to Sacred Gears in general."

"Oh, yeah, you're shit out of luck there," Ddraig muttered. "That sucks."

"Tell me about it," Harry sighed. "I could find you a worthy host, though. As things stand, it all goes according to the Tyrant's will, but with a more discerning eye, perhaps you could find a host capable of wielding you successfully against your ancient foe."

"Tempting words, little devil," Ddraig chuckled. "You think you could do a better job than Him?"

"Thank you for not using the name, and I wouldn't say that, but I will say that I would actually be thinking in terms of the potential match-up," Harry said. "By the way, have you ever met Tannin?"

"Of course I have," Ddraig chuckled. "I take it you have?"

"Yeah, he helped train me to fight this dickhead from the Phenex clan," Harry replied. "He's a devil now, if you weren't aware."

"Seriously?" Ddraig asked.

"He wanted to participate in the devil Rating Games, and so he became one," Harry replied.

"Just as much of a battle maniac as ever," Ddraig chuckled. "Well, I…"

"Oh my g...ah," Hermione exclaimed, catching herself at the last second.

Her words shocked Harry out of the trance state he'd been in, and he looked over to see Rias and Hermione standing there. The brunette had a small, intricately carved glass orb in her hands, and she nearly dropped it as she saw the state of Issei's body.

"There's nothing we can do for him?" she asked. "I mean, I know I wasn't his biggest fan, but…"

"If I could, I would," Rias replied sadly. "Did you find anything?"

"He has the Boosted Gear," Harry replied, and both jaws dropped.

"Seriously?" Rias asked.

"I just spoke with Ddraig," Harry replied.

"The Welsh Dragon," Hermione breathed. "Why was he not more...well, more?"

"Those who possess Sacred Gears often end up becoming rather important, but normal humans who have them can go their whole lives without learning how to use them," Rias replied. "If he'd lived longer, perhaps he would have become more than he was, but the fallen saw to that. Is Ddraig willing to come with us?"

"I don't even know if this would work with him," Hermione said. "These artificial sacred gears of Azazel's were meant to bind the souls and power of great creatures like the Tyrant did with so many to make his own. I don't know if it would contain the power of an existing Sacred Gear, much less a Longinus-level one."

"I can ask him," Harry said, looking back into Issei's soul and grimacing when he saw how it was starting to slip away.

"I doubt it would last for long," Ddraig said before he could ask the question. "It might be an intriguing diversion from the usual course of my existence, though, so give it a shot."

"As you wish," Harry smiled, pulling back and opening his eyes.

He reached inside Issei's soul more deeply then, not to peer inside, but to get a feel for the Boosted Gear itself, and once he was sure that he had it in his grasp, he pulled with all his might, freeing the powerful artifact. A glowing red orb that pulsed with green light formed in the palm of his hand, and he gasped at the sheer power of it. Not since he felt Sirzechs wipe out the Dementors had he felt anything like the raw might of the Sacred Gear in his hand, and he shivered as he gazed down at it. If he took it into himself augmented his already significant power with it, he'd be unstoppable. Tempted as he'd never been before in his life, his hand inched its way towards his chest, and though he heard voices in the distance, he paid them no heed. Closer and closer it got until, at the last moment, the image of a redhead appeared in his mind.

"Mum," he gasped, wrenching his hand away just as Rias reached him and grasped his shoulders.

"Put it in the orb, and I'll explain," the crimson-haired beauty said, and he did so without hesitation, sighing in relief when the desire to take Ddraig's power for himself disappeared.

"What the hell was that?" Harry asked.

"Devils are naturally drawn to and tempted by power," Rias replied. "I hadn't seen it before, so I didn't think to warn you, but I think that as you held the Boosted Gear in your hand, it called to you on a level you struggled to deal with."

"Clearly holding it while contained doesn't have the same effect," Hermione murmured, staring down at the glowing red orb. "It's actually formed a gauntlet inside here."

"Really?" Harry asked, looking more closely. Sure enough, in the middle of the red light filling the orb, a clawed red gauntlet covered in glowing green markings had appeared. "Ddraig didn't think this would hold for long."

"It probably won't," Hermione replied. "We might get a couple months out of it, but that would be about...oh."

She trailed off as she sensed Issei stop breathing, and Harry sighed, closing his eyes.

"Who do we call, anyway?" Hermione asked. "I know this was a celestial murder, but the victim is still human, so…"

"I'll take care of it," Rias sighed. "You two head back to the Rookery and let Akeno know what happened."

"Will do," Harry replied, kissing her softly. "Reach out if it takes longer than you expect."

"I will," Rias replied over their mental connection.

With that, all three of them disappeared, suddenly all too aware of the fact that there were multiple genuine threats in Kuoh.

*****

"I liked it better when our villains weren't good-looking," Luna sighed as they finished watching the memory that Harry had witnessed in Issei's head the next morning.

"Do either of you know her?" Harry asked, looking at Rias and Akeno, who both shook their heads.

"Whoever she is, she's not one of the really prominent ones," Rias replied.

"She's very likely who I sensed the other day," Akeno sighed. "I guess she approached him near the school grounds to arrange their date."

"Why go to such lengths, though?" Gasper asked from his box. "Why not just kill him?"

"For fun," Akeno replied darkly. "Taking him out and getting his hopes up all through their date only to kill him in the end was just her playing with her food. Fallen angels bore easily, given how old most of them are, and I'm not shocked that she decided to toy with him for the fun of it."

"Why target him, though?" Koneko asked. "I understand thinking that he was annoying, and if she'd just kicked him in the balls so hard he died, I'd have fully gotten it, but to go to these lengths, it had to be targeted."

"It's because he had this," Hermione replied, pulling out the orb. "This orb contains the Boosted Gear, which was, until last night, inside Issei Hyodou."

"The pervert had a Longinus in him?" Koneko asked incredulously. "That's insane."

"They're distributed at seeming random," Kiba pointed out.

"Why did they not take it themselves, then?" Luna asked. "That doesn't make sense."

"I suspect that they didn't know exactly what they were dealing with," Harry replied, staring down at the orb. "My guess would be that they learned he possessed some sacred gear, judged him likely to use it for reasons that might mess up their plans, and got rid of him as a precaution."

"You don't think she was working alone?" Luna asked.

"I think that we can't assume that," Rias replied.

"Fallen angels rarely work alone," Akeno replied. "They're, by and large, smarter than that. If she was a cadre level one, that might be different, but if she was, Rias or I would have recognized her."

"What did the police say?" Hermione asked.

"They're treating it like a homicide, but one that's going to go very cold," Rias replied. "I fabricate something down the line to give the family closure but we will deal with this angel ourselves."

"Where do we start?" Fleur asked, obviously perturbed, and Harry kicked himself when he realized why. Their investigation of the attempt on Sebastian's life hadn't been a murder investigation, per se, but it was pretty close to one. He wrapped an arm around her shoulders, and she smiled gratefully at him.

"We need to find out where they're holed up," Rias replied. "It will be a spot on the outskirts of town, somewhere isolated and remote where they're not likely to draw attention to themselves. Needless to say, my precaution from before is absolutely still in effect. None of you are to walk around town alone until the threat has been dealt with. Do you understand?"

They all replied in the affirmative and she sighed, standing up.

"The most annoying thing is that we're likely going to have to deal with that stray devil as well," Rias muttered.

"They might do us a favor there," Akeno replied. "They love killing our kind, and a stray wandering into their path would be like a gift to them."

"It's possible, but I wouldn't count on it," Rias replied. "I need intel."

"I'll have the green minions scurry throughout Kuoh and see what they can find," Hermione replied, twisting the ring on her finger.

"A great idea, Dark One," Gnarl piped up, having been listening in through the whole conversation. "The blues could also swim through the sewers and see if they find any sign of this stray. You said that you found the last one hiding away down there."

"That could work," Rias said.

"We'll find them and we'll kill them," Koneko shrugged. Pointing at the glowing orb on the table, "What are we going to do about that in the meantime?"

"The orb should last for several weeks at least, so for now, I'd say nothing," Hermione replied.

"I agree," Rias replied. "I don't know what effect introducing a new sacred gear, especially one as powerful as that one, to someone with an evil piece would have. I'll write to Lord Ajuka and get his advice."

"You realize that if you do that, you'll have to admit that we have access to Azazel's notes, right?" Harry asked. and she grinned.

"My mother dropped off everything we had from him, remember?" Rias asked. "He'd be more surprised if we didn't have copies of our own as well, so that won't be strange. He might gain an interest in you, Hermione, when he learns that you pulled off the creation of this thing, but that would be all."

"If Ajuka Beelzebub wants to pick my brain, I'll just have to live with it," Hermione chuckled. "Thank goodness it's the weekend."

"School won't be fun on Monday," Luna sighed. "Even if most of the girls thought he was a creep, learning that someone you saw day in and day out died can be shocking even when you don't know them. It was bad enough seeing so many people end up petrified my first year."

Before any of the others could respond to that, the front door opened. and they turned to see Sirius walking in, whistling to himself and looking generally pleased with life. His face fell the moment he saw how serious they all looked, and he sighed.

"Okay, who died?" he asked.

"Wow, it's like if Bellatrix was hot," Sirius winced as he finished watching the memory a few minutes later. "So you lot need to deal with this bitch? Couldn't you just call in Grayfia or someone?"

"We'll be perfectly up to the task," Rias chuckled. "I know her outfit was rather distracting, but did you happen to notice her wings?"

"Even with the smashing rack, those were still pretty obvious," Sirius replied, wondering why she was asking.

"She had only two of them," Rias pointed out. "Angels gain more wings as they grow more powerful. The most powerful of them, like Michael on the side of Heaven and Azazel on the side of the Fallen, have twelve."

"Oh, so she's not actually that much of a threat," Sirius sighed, relieved.

"She's still dangerous, and if you see her, you should absolutely apparate out of there, but we'll be able to deal with her and whatever allies she has," Rias assured him. "I'd suggest that you take to apparating too and fro for the next little while in general, given everything."

"If I'm subtle, I'm sure I can pull that off," Sirius replied. "I'm not ready to have the whole 'I can do magic' conversation with Haruka, but…"

"Wait, you're seeing her again?" Harry asked, and his godfather smiled.

"Yeah, I ran into her in town the other day; we got to talking, and I asked her out again," Sirius replied. "I'd like to introduce you, but this place isn't exactly normal."

"I'm happy for you, Sirius," Harry said. "Did you ever find out what her daughter's name is? Maybe she goes to Kuoh Academy."

"Yes, actually, and she does," Sirius replied. "Her name's Aika."

"Oh, I've met her," Luna smiled. "She's very nice."

"She didn't seem a bit off to…" Sirius went to ask before remembering who he was speaking to.

"Not that I noticed," Luna replied. "She did seem very interested in English men, now that you mention it. I thought her interest was because of Harry, but maybe that was her way of asking about you because of her mum."

"As for introducing her to us, the weirdest thing about this place is the minions, and we can close off the basement and send Gnarl to the Underworld for a night," Harry said.

"I am perfectly capable of hiding myself away," the ancient minion bristled.

"If we sent you to Gremory Castle, you could watch Grayfia while she works," Luna pointed out, and Gnarl perked up immediately.

"Could I come?" Sirius quipped, and most of them laughed.

Looking to the basement, Hermione reached out her hand, and her ring started to glow green as she drew dozens of green minions out of their hive. The ones in the Underworld had been brought over the previous night and put in their hives, freeing up the house that Venelana and Zeoticus had lent them. She'd actually been finishing that up when Rias came to tell her about what had happened.

"In all seriousness, it is rather sobering to know that a guy from your school got murdered in the first week," Sirius sighed.

"Even at Hogwarts that never happened," Harry commented, "at least not until Voldemort's invasion."

"Despite the best efforts of all manner of people and creatures," Hermione added. "As Koneko said, we'll find the people who did this and kill them."

"Oh! Oh!" Luna exclaimed. "If there are three of them, we could use them for that ritual!"

"That would require us to be able to take them in alive, but they would be rather powerful creatures," Rias mused, tapping her fingers. "It might work for it."

"Angel sacrifices," Sirius mused, scratching at his closely kept beard. "Do you think you three could pull that off?"

"We'll have to see," Rias replied. "For one thing, we don't even know if there are three of them here, and for another, capturing them would be harder than killing them, but if we could manage it…"

"We might finally find a way to access the world that Flamel stumbled into," Harry said.

"If it looks like we might have a viable way to do that, you'll want to summon him," Fleur murmured. "His journals gave a good bit of information about this strange world, but it would still be a good idea to find out if he left out any important details."

"Of course," Harry replied. "I…"

He trailed off as a ritual circle appeared in the middle of the living room, making everyone jump.

"Who the hell managed to get through our wards like that?" Sirius asked as Gnarl jumped behind him.

"That's the Bael sigil," Rias breathed. "Stand down, all of you."

They did, though none of them truly relaxed, and a moment later a man appeared inside the circle. He was of average height with snow-white hair that he kept rather short and a clean-shaven face that looked younger than his hair would have suggested. He was of a rather slight build, standing there in a simple grey suit, and as he looked around the room, his golden eyes took them in with obvious interest.

"Dagon," Rias said coolly. "Welcome to the Rookery."

"A fine home," Dagon smiled. "My master wishes to meet with the pair of you, Lady Rias, you and your husband."

"Did he happen to say why?" Harry asked, wondering what the older man would say.

He merely smiled and said, "My master says many things, few of them ever for all ears. Unless you are terribly indisposed, I would advise that you meet with him now. He does so loathe protracted scheduling."

"We're free," Rias replied, taking Harry's hand. "I've never been to Lord Zekram's castle before."

"You will find it is exactly as your mother has described, my lady," Dagon smiled, beckoning them into the circle.

"Just go along with it," Rias projected across their connection. "Lord Zekram is very used to getting his way, and just summoning us like this will be nicer than what he comes up with if we refuse."

Harry grunted and followed along, having anticipated something like this the moment she told him that Venelana had told the ancient devil what he was. The truth was going to come out eventually, and he'd been resigned to the fact that he was going to end up the center of attention yet again when it did. He was also rather curious to find out just what the old devil was going to think of him.

"Leviathan," he called out in his mind, focusing on the power of the Resurrection Stone within him, and he smiled slightly when he felt her presence settle in in his mind.

"Ah, so he finally decided to see you for himself," she murmured. "I'll chime in as needed, but I doubt Zekram will cause much trouble. You're a boon to him as well, after all."

The moment they were within the magic circle, all three of them disappeared, leaving the rest of the peerage, Sirius, and Gnarl behind.

"That guy definitely reminds me of my grandfather," the lord Black muttered, shaking his head.

"We don't need to worry about him," Akeno assured him. "Now that he knows what Harry is, he probably just wants to get a feel for where his loyalties lie and what drives him. I'll still go inform Lady Venelana of this, though."

"The rest of us should probably stay here in case the angels decide to pay us a visit too," Hermione murmured, calling on the dozens of green minions she'd summoned to come upstairs. Conjuring an image of the fallen angel they'd seen in Issei's memory in the air, she said, "I want you all to explore the town and look for this woman. Do not let yourself be spotted by anyone, and if you see her, do not engage but just see where she goes and return here."

"Yes, mistress," they all replied in unison before turning invisible and scurrying out of the tower.

"Ah, the fun we would have had with them back in the day," Sirius chuckled.

*****

Rias and Harry arrived in the middle of a richly furnished room and looked around at the furniture. Everything was rather dark and looked immensely sturdy, being made of very dark, heavy wood, and even the black leather upholstery looked to be thicker and stronger than normal. Dagan disappeared the moment they arrived, and Rias led Harry over to the fireplace, pointing at the painting above it. It was of a silver-haired, stern-looking, yet undeniably handsome man whose blue eyes burned with palpable rage.

"This is Lucifer," she said. "I haven't seen a portrait of him in a while, but I'd know him anywhere."

"Does Rizevim look much like him?" Harry asked.

"He has hazel eyes, which he got from Mother, but other than that, yes," a deep voice replied, and they turned to see Lord Zekram standing there, levitating a crystal decanter filled with some sort of thick reddish liquid.

"Lord Zekram," Rias smiled. "It is a pleasure to meet you. We were honored that you came to our wedding."

"Yes," Harry added. "Neither of us expected you to take time out of your busy schedule to…"

"Enough," Zekram sighed. "I didn't bring you two here to kiss my behind. Sit."

Both Rias and Harry swallowed thickly at that and took two seats near the fireplace. Zekram sat across from them and pulled in a nearby table to set the decanter and glasses on.

"Are either of you terribly familiar with port wine?" he asked.

"I've had it a few times but not really," Rias replied.

"I can't say that I have at all," Harry said.

"I've been fond of the stuff since the Portuguese first came up with the idea," Zekram said, stroking his close-cropped, dark beard. "The contents of this decanter are nearly a hundred years old."

"Really?" Harry asked, surprised.

"A terrible insect infestation wreaked havoc on the wineries of Europe through the mid-nineteenth century," Zekram explained, and the two of them shared a mental sigh, realizing that this was going to take a while. "They eventually overcame the Phylloxera, as they're called, but it was a long and difficult process. By the eighteen-nineties, things were improving dramatically, and in eighteen ninety-six there was a particularly remarkable harvest in the Douro Valley region in Portugal. This wine came from that harvest and the dozens of barrels of it that I bought and have held onto ever since."

"It must be incredible," Rias murmured.

"It is," Zekram replied, lifting the lid and pouring three glasses of it. "Try it."

Harry and Rias both picked up their glasses and brought them to their mouths, smelling the thick wine before trying a sip.

"Oh, that's gorgeous," Rias cooed.

"Sweeter than most wines," Harry added, and Zekram closed his eyes and pursed his lips as he floated his own glass into his hand.

"Ports generally are," the ancient devil replied, drinking from his own glass. "Now, with the hospitality out of the way, let's get down to business. I wondered what was so special about you, Mister Potter, when I first heard of your engagement, but I never for a moment imagined that you would turn out to be an incubus."

"It was a surprise to me as well, my lord," Harry replied. "Even Lord Ajuka isn't certain just how it is that I came to be what I am."

"We do know who was responsible, though," Rias said.

"Yes, Rizevim," Zekram murmured, staring down at his wine. "That, I must admit, is a surprise."

"Why so?" Harry asked.

"Because Rizevim is an immature, sadistic tool," Leviathan replied in his head.

"Because for all the time that I knew him, Rizevim never seemed like the sort who would pursue things like this," Zekram replied more diplomatically. "He's an egotist and a sadist, one who believes that the only things in life worth doing for devils are things that prove that we are as evil as the Tyrant declared us to be. Quite frankly, I wouldn't have expected him to have the patience to pull something like this off."

"You figure he would have been more likely to grow bored before he could get anywhere?" Rias asked.

"He's mercurial at the best of times and was never one to give his focus to any one thing for long," Zekram replied. "To have replicated what Lady Leviathan did must have taken centuries of careful research, experimenting, and failing again and again until he succeeded, and I would have expected him to grow wrathful at the first few failures and move on to something else. He once sired a son on a daughter of Nyx, the goddess of darkness, who looked so much like him that he decided to test him and see if he was worthy of his face. They dueled; the boy failed to land a single hit on his father, and out of disgust, he tore his face clean off."

"Bloody hell," Harry grimaced as Rias winced.

"From what Lana tells me, you have reason to fight him," Zekram said. "Unless you reach a point where you can stand against Sirzechs at his full might, don't bother. You're too valuable a resource to lose, and there's no guarantee that, even if you are an experiment of his that has proven successful so far, he would hesitate to kill you anyway."

"Is he insane?" Rias asked.

"No, I wouldn't say that," Zekram replied. "He had the sense to stay out of the civil war, recognizing as I did that the children of other Great Satans did not have what it took to lead us, and that required a degree of sense, but he is wretched and unpredictable at the best of times."

"Sirzechs and Ajuka said much the same," Harry muttered, his grip on his glass tightening.

"Now, as for more pleasant matters, your identity as an incubus is going to come out soon enough, Potter, and I want to make sure that you're prepared for that," Zekram said. "Venelana is politically astute enough to have forewarned you about how the Underworld will react, but just in case she left anything out, I want to hear from you two what you think will happen."

"Well, putting aside how the angels and the fallen are likely to react, the devils will all see me as a potential tool to strengthen their bloodlines," Harry replied. "I'll be inundated with letters from lords looking to meet and introduce me to their daughters or sisters."

"Oh, it will be much worse than that," Zekram chuckled, sipping his port. "You'll be lucky to avoid finding random devil women in your bed when you return home for the day."

"Surely they wouldn't be that bold," Rias scowled. "I'm his wife and…"

"That will prevent the other pillar houses from trying to manipulate their way into having him make one of theirs his first wife, but it won't stop them from ordering their daughters to try to become his mistresses," Zekram replied. "Understand for a moment just what a boon this is for the Underworld. Not only did you demonstrate that, as a newly turned devil, you're capable of besting one of the most promising young devils of this generation on your wedding day, but you're going to reveal soon enough that you're an incubus too? That duel was needed to soothe the Phenex clan's ruffled feathers, so to speak, but beating him as you did will have additional consequences on this front."

"Because he showed that he's powerful," Rias sighed, and Harry groaned, catching on to what they meant.

"If you were barely a step above an average human, you would still be tempting to the pillar houses because of what you could do for their descendants, but they would still hesitate at the idea of introducing such abominable weakness into their bloodlines," Zekram explained. "After how you handled Riser Phenex, however, none of them are going to think you weak. There have been popes who reigned for less time than you've been a devil, and you can already stand against promising young men like that? Who's to say what the limits of your power are?"

"So in besting him as I did, I guaranteed even more interest in myself when word starts to spread," Harry groaned.

"Did you use the example of popes to be funny?" Rias asked, curious about the odd comparison.

"I'd have gone with kings, but there are monarchs who reigned for mere minutes because they only technically held the titles after their predecessors were disposed," Zekram replied. "It makes the comparison rather silly, to be honest. My point is that you have waded into even deeper waters than either of you realized, because that duel was arranged by Sirzechs, and for all his power, he lacks my political acumen."

"What do you suggest then?" Harry asked as Rias tried to hide her bristling.

"The easiest way to avoid turning every female devil in the Underworld into prized cocks pecking each other's eyes out for your attention will be to get ahead of things," Zekram replied, summoning a scroll from his study. "Take this and read it over."

"A list of unmarried female devils?" Rias asked.

"You'll want to pick at least three of them," Zekram said. "They will be women whose families you inform ahead of time about Harry's incubus nature and bring into your family as mistresses. If the rest of the devils see that you've been proactive in this and that you personally welcomed them in, it will shift their focus from trying to seduce him to trying to woo you."

"Which they'll be less direct and insane about," Harry guessed.

"To an extent," Zekram sighed. "This is going to be the biggest story to hit the Underworld since the civil war ended, and I do expect there to be a bit of insanity."

"That's not even counting how the angels are going to react," Harry muttered, and the ancient man merely smiled.

"You might be surprised there," Zekram replied. "Things have changed somewhat since the height of the Great War, and the other factions, while they won't be thrilled to learn that we devils might have found a solution to our fertility problem, won't necessarily see it as a reason to escalate our conflict."

"Katerea Leviathan?" Rias asked incredulously.

"She, alongside all the other names written in red, I added for the sake of completeness rather than practicality," Zekram sighed. "Alas, there aren't any living members of the original Satan families that you could conceivably...conceive with."

"Show me off to him!" Leviathan demanded.

"What?" Harry asked.

"We can trust him to keep his mouth shut about me; trust me there, and he just gave me the perfect segue," Leviathan replied.

"The options that I felt were best I've circled," Zekram replied. "Your cousin Seekvaira, her cousin Latia, and young Sona are the ones that I think would cause the least...Lucifer's Light!"

"Harry?!" Rias exclaimed, her eyes going wide as saucers as she saw him sitting there with Leviathan sticking out of his hand.

His other hand was extended outward, as in his shock, Zekram had thrown the rest of the contents of his glass over his shoulder, and Harry figured that he'd prefer not to see it hit the floor. As he levitated the wine back into the gawking man's glass, Leviathan chuckled.

"Hi, Zeky," she grinned. "It's been a while."

"Lady Leviathan," Zekram breathed reverently, looking between her, Harry, and Rias. Settling his gaze on his descendant, he demanded, "Explain."

"I nearly died when the evil pieces finally worked," Harry replied. "They had been held up by the horcrux I had in my head; that's a whole other story; and when they finally did as they were supposed to, it turned out that whatever Rizevim did to me didn't really work after all. As the process started to go wrong, I subconsciously drew upon the Deathly Hallows, which I had unwittingly claimed for myself, and absorbed them."

"Their energy stabilized the transformative process and also gave him their powers," Leviathan finished.

"Oh, that must be why Hades was in such a state a few months ago," Zekram muttered. "You can summon the dead ancient devils?"

"Those of us who didn't die to light magic, anyway," Leviathan replied. "There's a name that isn't on that list but should be, a descendant of mine that you don't know about."

"What?" Zekram asked.

"Her name is Ingvild, and she's the daughter of a descendant of mine and a human," Leviathan replied. "Unlike Katerea, who would never go along with this plan even if I ordered her to do so myself, Ingvild would likely be far more reasonable once we cure her of her pesky Sleeping Sickness."

"Wait, did you develop a cure for that?" Harry asked, confused.

"No," Leviathan sighed, "I never managed that, but Ingvild's case could be cured; I'm confident."

"Why?" Zekram asked, confused.

"Because she'd had it and been in her sleeping state for about as long as that lovely wine of yours has been aging," Leviathan replied.

"That's not possible," Zekram breathed. "The longest recorded case of someone surviving in the state of endless sleep was…"

"Far less than a century, I'm sure," Leviathan grinned. "She must have some sort of powerful Sacred Gear keeping her alive. If you could retrieve her and bring her to Ajuka, I'm confident that she could be saved."

"Where is she?" Rias asked.

"Deep in my old territory," Leviathan replied. "I don't know if her human relatives reached out to my family's servants when she fell into her sleep or if she grew up in the Underworld, as I wasn't exactly watching her the entire time, but from what I gathered while snooping around there, they've been tending to her for nearly a hundred years. Even Katerea doesn't seem to know she exists."

"Katerea despises humans and probably wouldn't take kindly to having a half-human around," Zekram murmured. "I could make some...discreet inquiries and offer my aid. I have so many questions, my lady…"

"Harry has to be around for us to communicate, and I doubt that any of you wish to keep this meeting going that long, at least today," Leviathan said, and he nodded. "From what I've seen, Ingvild is beautiful and would make a lovely addition to your harem, my darling incubus."

"Who else have you contacted?" Zekram asked, curious.

"We spoke to Zekhail," Rias replied softly, and his eyes widened.

"He wasn't...they didn't kill him with their wretched light?" Zekram asked, his voice going hollow.

"No, they didn't," Rias replied. "We wanted to know about your investigation of the Apocalypse Dragon's scales and knew that he was the more involved one in that."

"Ah yes, your continuing interest in these other worlds," Zekram murmured, weighing whether or not to bother asking about that when he already had so much else to process from the meeting. Deciding against it, he said, "Mister Potter, what you are is still a rather tightly held secret, and it will be some months still before I advise you to go public, but I would suggest that, once you two decide on your selection from this list, you bring them in as well."

"We'll take our time going over it," Rias replied, finishing her port. "Thank you for your help here."

"What benefits you benefits the House of Bael," Zekram smiled, standing up. "Lady Leviathan, I cannot tell you what a joy it is to see you again."

"Just remember that, even if Harry here can bring me to the surface now and then, I am still dead, and your focus must be on the living," Leviathan said softly. "It is what He would have wanted."

"Have you tried to contact Him?" Zekram asked, looking at the portrait of Lucifer hanging over the fireplace.

"I advised against it," Leviathan replied. "We both know what he would have thought of the evil pieces."

"As you say, our focus must be on the living," Zekram sighed, shaking his head. "Write to me when you've made your decisions, and I'll send word when I manage to retrieve Ingvild Leviathan."

"We will," Rias promised as Harry finished his wine, dismissed Leviathan, and stood up.

"It was a pleasure to meet you more formally," Harry smiled, offering his hand, and Zekram shook it.

"I'm afraid I couldn't stay at your wedding any longer than I did," the ancient devil said. "I was most impressed by your duel, I must say."

"I'll write as soon as Harry and I make our decision," Rias smiled, taking Harry's hand.

The three of them said their goodbyes, and they disappeared in a magic circle, leaving Zekram alone. The ancient devil took a deep breath and sighed, refilling his glass and looking up at the portrait of his creator as he pondered everything he'd just learned.

"It seems that all those two do is discover the impossible," he mused aloud, staring at Lucifer. "You wouldn't have liked them, of course, but they may very well be our salvation. Your son, on the other hand…"

More than a few of the original seventy-two devils had resented Rizevim back in the day. He was born after they had been created and yet, despite being younger than them, had arrogantly lorded his status as Lucifer and Lilith's only trueborn child over them. The immensity of his power only added to his arrogance, and while Zekram would forever lament the fact that Sirzechs wasn't named Bael, it did please him greatly to know that a descendant of his was the little punk's equal.

"Of course, even arrogant little punks can have their uses," Zekram chuckled to himself, staring out the window at the lands he'd called his for millennia. "I can sense your hand in the lunacy unfolding around us, Rizevim. This Chaos Brigade might be Ophis' creation on the surface of it, but it's yours, I know."

He chuckled at that, sipping his port, and turned back to the portrait of Lucifer. He hadn't said a word to anyone about his suspicions and wouldn't be doing so. Giving the three factions a common enemy to ally together against suited his purposes perfectly, especially given the bombshell that they'd be unleashing soon enough, and while he didn't know exactly why Rizevim wanted them together, he had a few theories and was already working on countermoves for all of them. The great game had been going on for longer than most of the denizens of the Underworld had been alive, and few played it as well as he did. Smiling to himself, he turned when the door opened and nodded at Dagon.

"You wished to see me?" his old majordomo asked, having felt his summons.

"I do," Zekram replied. "I need to make some very discreet inquiries into the old Leviathan territory. There's apparently a very interesting specimen to be found there, one who needs more help than she's currently receiving."

"I'll send our best spies into the region, Master," Dagon nodded. "What will they be searching for?"

"Servants who are aware of a young woman who has been asleep for nearly a century," Zekram replied, and his servant's eyes went wide.

"A century?" he asked. "How is that possible?"

"That is something I intend to find out," Zekram replied, "but Katerea Leviathan cannot learn about either the girl or our interest in her."

"Is she even there right now?" Dagon asked. "You know as well as I that the descendants of the original Satans move around quite a bit."

"If we're lucky, she won't be," Zekram sighed, "but I've never been one to rely on luck."

"I'll make sure that they know how high the stakes are," Dagon nodded, and Zekram dismissed him before sitting back down in his chair and summoning a book from his library.

"That was a far more intriguing conversation than I had expected," he thought to himself.

*****

"Look, Raynare, you made the news," Mittelt chuckled, showing the other fallen angel the paper in her hands.

"Local boy found murdered," Raynare sighed. "They could have picked a more flattering picture to use, honestly."

"More flattering?" Dohnaseek asked. "Don't tell me you actually liked the little human."

"If I had, I'd have taken him as a pet for a while before putting him down," Raynare scoffed. "I just think I did him dirty enough; the newspaper didn't need to."

"Word will reach the Underworld soon enough that you completed your task," Kalawarna said, grunting as she struggled with a stuck zipper. "Fucking hell, Mittelt, could you help me with this?"

"Are you sure you wouldn't rather I do it?" Dohnaseek asked, leering at her immense cleavage.

"You'd just break the damn thing like I'm trying not to," Kalawarna muttered, smiling at the short blonde as she grabbed it. "We need to deal with Asia soon."

"She's in Japan, finally," Raynare said, shaking her head, "the silly twit took so much longer than she needed to. I have no idea why God's system gave her such a useful Sacred Gear."

"It won't be hers for much longer," Mittelt grinned as she managed to zip up Kalawarna's dress.

"I'm far better suited to…" Raynare went to say when she suddenly froze.

"What is it?" Dohnaseek asked, only for a chill to go down his spine as he sensed what he imagined was the same thing she had.

"I sense something," Raynare mouthed silently to them.

"Multiple somethings," Dohnaseek replied just as quietly.

Kalawarna subtly drew upon her power to make sure that their voices wouldn't leave the confines of the church and said, "We can speak more freely. What the hell's out there?"

"I have no idea," Raynare replied. "I sense living things, but strange. They're sentient, I'd wager, but tiny."

"Didn't the devil bitch here recently take a few magicians into her service?" Mittelt asked, recalling that little bit of intel they'd gained when they were sent to Kuoh. "Maybe it's some of those little elf things they use."

"They recently lost all of those," Kalawarna replied.

"What do you mean lost?" Mittelt asked.

"The guy who controlled them died, and they all went nuts or something," Kalawarna replied. "Lord Kokabiel heard that they were being replaced by these robot things that he thought was a devil plot, and I nearly got roped into investigating it before you asked for my help, Raynare."

"Kokabiel hopes that everything is a devil plot or else something from Heaven that might restart the war," Raynare muttered, looking out the window and expanding her senses until she could finally detect what was out there.

Sure enough, there were about half a dozen little invisible creatures scurrying about. None of them were looking at her, which meant that their defenses were working as intended, but the fact that they hadn't noticed them sooner was disturbing.

"Oh, I see them now," Dohnaseek said as he managed to sense the invisible little things. "I'm sure I'll be able to dispatch them easily enough…"

"Don't," Raynare hissed. "Let them pass. We're best off assuming that, whatever they are, they're connected to the devils, and I'd rather they return back reporting that they found nothing than have them go missing and draw more attention our way."

"They did just find the body of that boy," Mittelt said. "Maybe Lucifer's little sister was smart enough to notice that it was an angel's doing."

"I'll fight her and the other one if I need to, but I'd really rather not bring that sort of heat down on us if I don't have to," Raynare muttered. "Our target's dead, and Asia will be here by tomorrow. Let's just get this over with and slip out without the devils becoming any the wiser."

"As you say," Dohnaseek sighed.

"I'm taking enough of a risk trying this without Lord Azazel's approval as it is," Raynare thought to herself. "Picking the sort of fight that could restart the war on top of that probably wouldn't be good for my health. I'll happily put the little bitch down if she interferes with my plans, but unless it comes to that, there's no harm in being careful."

*****

"She asked me, and I...what the hell?" Harry asked as he and Rias reappeared inside the Rookery to find the living room looking like a disaster. Half of the furniture was thrown up against a wall, Fleur and Luna were both nursing obvious head wounds, Gnarl was limping around, Sirius had dried blood under his nose, which looked like he'd recently healed it, Hermione's hair looked frizzier than it used to, and Kiba and Koneko were both desperately holding the glass orb down on the floor.

"There!" the brunette exclaimed, finishing up the series of enchantments she'd been working on for the past few minutes.

"That thing...is more dangerous than it looks," Sirius muttered, cleaning off the blood on his face and turning to Gnarl.

"Just a sprain, I think," the ancient minion muttered, sitting down and holding out his wounded leg.

"The orb started throwing us all around the room," Luna explained as she finished healing the bruise on her head.

"Luna and I accidentally slammed our heads together as he tried to get control of ourselves," Fleur added.

"It's not strong enough to hold Ddraig," Hermione muttered, picking up the orb. "I strengthened the enchantments on it, but I don't think it's going to last more than a few days even then."

"I thought you said it would last months," Koneko scowled.

"I was wrong," Hermione admitted.

"Sorry about that," Ddraig chuckled, sounding slightly contrite. "I did warn you all, though."

"That's what we get for playing around with things we don't understand," Harry muttered.

"Luckily for you, I do," a new voice said, and they all turned to see Ajuka standing there with Akeno.

"Your brother and Lord Ajuka were visiting when I showed up at Gremory Castle to tell your mother about Lord Zekram's summons," the raven-haired beauty explained, furrowing her brow in concern and confusion as she looked around. "What did I miss?"

"I imagine I can guess," Ajuka chuckled, staring down at the orb in Hermione's hand. "I don't know if I should be impressed by your nerve or annoyed that you actually tried to contain a Longinus like this."

"It seemed like a good idea at the time?" Hermione winced as the green-haired man just shook his head, looking amused.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
I know this one is going to be divisive, so I thought I'd add a note here. From the moment Rias used up all her pawns on Harry, Fleur, Hermione, and Luna, the most likely consequence of that was Issei dying, since Raynare was still going to target him. Sona had already formed most of her peerage by that point and so shouldn't have had the pieces available to save him, and I felt having Rias go further afield to find a devil capable of it, especially before she realized just what he possessed, would have been a bit forced. I chose to display his death rather than just skip over it and have it be a thing that the main characters learned about from the news, both to pay tribute to the MC of the original story and because at the end of the day, this is still the murder of a teenage boy, and I wanted to lean into the tragedy of that. I also wanted to give Harry, Rias, and the others significant reason to go after Raynare and the others, as that confrontation is going to be incredibly important to the story going forward.
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Markuz Black, Brawlingbard, Child of the Omnissiah and 174 others
voivode_writer
Mar 31, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 52 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Apr 14, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,056
"Ajuka Astaroth?" Ddraig asked. "It's been a while."

"You two know each other?" Harry asked, surprised.

"One of his early incarnations summoned me for help with her fight against the White Dragon Emperor," Ajuka replied. "It's Ajuka Beelzebub now. I must ask, what in the world possessed you all to try this?"

"We came across his most recent host, who was dying from a blow delivered by a fallen angel, and since we couldn't heal him, we decided that this was worth a shot," Hermione replied.

"Fallen angel?" Ajuka asked sharply, looking at Rias.

"I forgot to mention that part," Akeno winced.

"We have at least one of them flying around here right now," she replied. "From what we saw in the dying boy's memory, she has only one pair of wings, so we'll likely manage to handle her easily enough."

"Given how well you dealt with Riser Phenex, Harry, I'd wager that's true, though I will ask that you all remember to reach out to at least one of the three Satans who have a vested interest in your well-being if things become too much for you," Ajuka replied. "Now, let's see what we have here."

"I used a design in one of Azazel's journals," Hermione explained, and he nodded.

"Quite competently from the look of things," Ajuka replied as he hovered his hand over the sphere, peering deeply into the complex enchantments woven into it. "I don't think that you did anything wrong, my dear. I think that this design just isn't able to hold something like the Boosted Gear."

"It was a fun idea, and I was happy to try it out, but I figured it wouldn't work," Ddraig sighed.

"It has for the moment, though, and while I doubt it will last another hour, there is still time for one of you to potentially take him on, provided you can convince him to go along with it," Ajuka replied.

"I don't suppose you'd be willing?" Ddraig asked. "Albion wouldn't stand a chance then."

"No," Ajuka chuckled. "I have quite enough power as it is and have never really wanted a sacred gear."

"I already have one, so I'm out," Kiba said.

"The same is true of Gasper, and I'd honestly rather develop the Power of Destruction than use anything else," Rias murmured.

"I can't for obvious reasons," Harry piped up.

"I won't because when you inevitably take Rizevim on, I want to be able to stand at your side without being a liability," Akeno said firmly.

"Which leaves us," Koneko said, gesturing to herself, Hermione, Luna, and Fleur.

"I already have my minions, and that's honestly enough for me," Hermione murmured, stepping back from the orb and gesturing to the others.

"To be clear, this won't endanger them, right?" Rias asked, looking to Ajuka. "These three have only four pawns between them, and this is a lot of power we're talking about."

"That might honestly be more than they could handle," the old devil replied, running his nails through his green hair. "Evil pieces will evolve and, under the correct conditions, mutate to better suit the needs of their hosts, but Luna and Fleur, you two might not be able to take on the Boosted Gear as you are just now."

"That's okay," Fleur replied as Luna pouted.

"I suppose I can still question Ddraig here about the more unique magical creatures he's seen over the eons if he's with someone else," the blonde sighed.

"Koneko could, though?" Harry asked.

"You're a rook, right?" Ajuka asked, nodding as she nodded. "It will certainly mutate if you do, but you could, yes."

"Guys, this could be really helpful to us, but there is no way in hell I'm doing it unless you promise me that we'll do that thing we discussed as soon as possible," Koneko said flatly.

"Harry and I discussed it, and I agreed," Rias replied.

"I'm sorry, what's this now?" Ajuka asked.

"A ritual that will bind Koneko to Harry," Rias replied. "I'll explain later if that's alright, my lord."

"Very well," Ajuka replied, sensing that there was a fair bit more to that than there seemed.

Koneko, smiling widely in relief at the thought that she'd finally be able to trust herself again soon, approached the orb and rested a hand on it.

"So you're the one big option available to me here," Ddraig murmured. "Tell me about yourself, kid."

"My name is Koneko Toujou. I'm a nekomata turned devil, and, honestly, I don't know if I'd be the best fit for you," Koneko replied mentally. "My parents died...some time ago and my sister and I were taken in by the Naberius devil clan. They made her one of them, and she...went nuts and murdered Maenorn Naberius. I was nearly killed for it, and I've lived ever since with the fear that I might go the same way as her."

"Are you sure that this Naberius guy didn't try to do something to her?" Ddraig asked.

"I...I don't think so," Koneko replied. "Why do you ask?"

"I've known devils from that clan before," Ddraig replied dryly. "I gotta say, kid, you don't feel particularly unstable to me. Your fear of yourself is pretty all-consuming, and I'd honestly suggest you talk to someone about that because it's really not healthy, but other than that, you seem fine. Trust me when I say I've known my fair share of nutballs through the eons."

"I...nothing that I've seen about the case suggests that Kuroka was provoked at all," Koneko thought. " Maenorn was fully clothed and all that I smelled in there was death when I saw the room."

"It might be nothing, but the family name made me wonder," Ddraig replied. "What do you like doing for fun?"

"I like to spar, I like to read, and I enjoy training," Koneko replied. "Fighting people or things Rias sends me after is one of the few ways I can really let loose, you know?"

"Spoken like a born warrior," Ddraig boomed, sounding amused. "Of the hosts I've had before, those who have truly enjoyed combat have been, by far, the most enjoyable. What do you know of my eternal struggle with the white one?"

"The White Dragon?" Koneko asked. "I know you two have been going at it for ages, and rarely go a single lifetime without having at least one good fight. I don't know what started it, though."

"To be honest, after all this time, I don't even remember," Ddraig chuckled. "Albion is my great rival, though, one that I seek to best whenever possible. If we became partners, you would be setting yourself up for that fight."

"Do you know anything about his current host?" Koneko asked.

"I don't even know if it's a man or a woman," Ddraig replied, "but I know he's out there, and I know that, soon enough, we will engage in glorious combat once more!"

"That does sound like fun," Koneko grinned. "To be honest, my ideal day would probably involve eating, napping, getting in a good fight or two, and then relaxing and getting my scalp massaged afterward."

"Very relatable," Ddraig rumbled. "Honestly, you might be just the sort of host I generally hope for, and from what I'm sensing here, you favor martial combat over more magical means, like I assume that man you're falling for prefers."

"Falling for?!" Koneko exclaimed mentally, flushing so scarlet that the others around her all wondered what exactly was going on with her.

"You can't lie to someone you invite into your head, kid," Ddraig chuckled. "You're already reasonably strong, and with my power, you could end up able to take on the white one in no time! Draw me in, Koneko Toujou, and let's see where this particular ride takes us."

Koneko, still reeling from what he'd said before, shook her head and glared down at the orb before picking it up.

"The big jerk said I can take him," she muttered. Looking at Ajuka, she asked, "How exactly would I?"

"Visualize yourself siphoning light, red in this case, from the orb into your chest," Ajuka replied. "With your innate power, and Ddraig's willingness to go along with this, it should work from there."

Koneko did as he said, holding the orb to her chest as she did so, and she gasped when she started to feel power unlike anything she'd ever known fill her. Becoming a devil hadn't been anywhere near this intense, and she'd thought that was insane at the time. Her eyes went wide, and she actually flew into the air as the process finished; her wings popped out while she was in the middle of it.

"Amazing," Ajuka breathed, watching the whole thing with a keen, analytical gaze. "That went even more smoothly than I thought it would."

"Did you think we'd run into problems?" Harry asked.

"I doubted that anything excessive would happen, given that Ddraig wasn't going to fight it, but I still expected it to take longer," Ajuka replied, watching as Koneko lowered herself down to the ground and tossed the empty orb to Hermione. "How do you feel?"

"Strong," Koneko replied, her voice shuddering, "stronger than I've ever felt in my life."

"Well, that would be because you are stronger than you've ever been in your life, partner," Ddraig rumbled in her mind.

"Let me check on your rook," Ajuka murmured, reaching out towards her and casting a few diagnostic spells. "It has mutated, as expected, but it appears to be entirely stable. Congratulations, Koneko, you're the latest Red Dragon Empress. That's going to be quite the boon for you, Rias. Now, about that ritual..."

Rias paused at that, knowing that her mother wanted to horde the knowledge of the omnilibrary to herself. She could understand that as a devil, since their basic nature made the idea of hoarding power almost too tempting to resist, but she did think it was kind of silly to keep Ajuka, Sirzechs' best friend and one of their greatest allies, from accessing it. Still, she wasn't about to defy her openly, and as Koneko had been absorbing the Boosted Gear, she thought up a believable explanation.

"Last year, in a room in Hogwarts where the house-elves used to stash everything that students or professors lost, we found a scroll written in a language that doesn't exist in this universe, containing a ritual that can bind masters and servants together completely," Rias explained.

"Oh, cool!" Koneko exclaimed in the background, having figured out how to summon a massive crimson gauntlet onto her left hand. "I'll be able to punch people so much harder with this."

"Not the most stylish thing in the world, but I do like the green gems," Fleur murmured.

"That's just the sort of gauntlet I suggested that you make for yourself, Dark One," Gnarl piped up.

"I much prefer my ring," Hermione chuckled.

"Not from this universe?" Ajuka asked.

"We think it came from another world," Harry replied. "I believe Sirzechs mentioned how we'd been investigating the story of the Philosopher's Stone."

"He did," Ajuka nodded. "Is this ritual safe?"

"I've used it successfully with almost all the girls here," Harry replied. "Hermione didn't want to and I haven't had a chance to do it with Koneko yet, but…"

"Wait, even you, Rias?" Ajuka asked, confused.

"One of the benefits of it is that the master and servant can always sense where the other is," Rias replied. "When we were still worried about Voldemort back then, I wanted to use it on Harry for safety purposes, though things went a little sideways, and I ended up in the servant position."

"Yet you were still able to make him your servant with the evil pieces," Ajuka murmured, sounding deeply fascinated. "Send me a copy of this scroll, and I'll work on a way to undo it."

"Oh, it's easy to undo," Rias replied. "I've just grown to rather like it. The master in this case is able to empower the servants through means I'd rather not discuss, and that is something too good to give up, at least until I'm an Ultimate Class Devil."

"Hmm," Ajuka murmured to himself, "well, I'd still like to see it."

"Of course," Rias replied. "I'll send a copy along at the first convenience."

"Mistress!" a green minion exclaimed as a dozen of them ran inside and revealed themselves. "We found something!"

"You found the black-winged woman?" Hermione asked before Rias could.

"No, but we found a monster woman!" the green minion shouted, sounding gleeful.

"Ah, that stray I heard about," Ajuka said. "I'll leave you to that. Do remember to send me that scroll; it sounds quite fascinating."

"We will," Rias smiled, "and thank you for your help."

"Bringing the Welsh Dragon to our side is something you hardly need to thank me for," Ajuka chuckled, disappearing in a green ritual circle.

"We're going to need to tell him about the library at some point," Harry murmured.

"I'll talk my mother into it eventually," Rias replied. "My father probably cares far less, so I can lean on him. Where did you find this monster?"

"A house," one of the greens replied, and Hermione blinked slowly.

"Where was this house?" the brunette asked.

"Far," one of the others replied.

"Not near the others," another added.

"So a house on the outskirts of town, either abandoned or swiftly emptied, that she can hide in and likely lure in victims," Rias mused. "Could you lead one of us there?"

They all nodded at that.

"Splendid," Gnarl smiled, "so, Dark One, they can lead you down to this house; you can slay the wretched beast and bring back its head as a trophy!"

"We don't use severed heads as trophies, Gnarl," Sirius chuckled.

"What about paperweights?" Gnarl asked.

"They won't be leading all of us," Hermione said, shaking her head. "Rias, it would likely be best to get some sort of reconnaissance first on this place before we go in."

"Of course," the redhead replied. "Kiba, take one of the minions and follow their directions to the house without letting either of you be seen. Scout out the house, and we'll review your memory when you get back."

"Will do," Kiba nodded, picking a minion at random as Hermione ordered the rest of them to keep searching.

As he flew off, she said, "I had hoped that they'd have more luck finding the fallen angel."

"They still might, but I wouldn't be surprised if they didn't," Rias replied. "Stray devils are often reduced to being little more than feral beasts, while the fallen angels are not only still possessed of their mental faculties but generally quite old."

"Finding this Viser as quickly as they did is quite the boon anyway," Akeno added. "She very likely just got here, which means she probably hasn't had a chance yet to kill and eat anyone."

"I'm sorry, eat?" Sirius asked.

"When devil transformations go wrong, they generally go very wrong," Rias replied. "The power difference between a devil and a human, especially a non-magical human, is vast, and for those who aren't entirely stable, it can be more than they can handle."

"That's why devils are generally advised not to turn total nutters into devils," Harry added. "I'm afraid you're out of luck."

"Haha," Sirius replied dryly. "You'll be able to deal with this chick, though, right?"

"Oh, yeah, it shouldn't be a problem," Rias replied. "We did just get a very cute new power boost...Koneko?"

"Rias, was there anything in the report you read that suggested Kuroka might have been attacked the night she killed Maenorn Naberius?" Koneko asked.

"I didn't actually read it, but Sirzechs summarized everything, and if there had been anything to suggest that, you know he'd have told me," Rias replied, furrowing her brow. "Why?"

"Are you wondering if she might not have gone quite as feral as you thought?" Luna asked.

"It's just something Ddraig said," Koneko replied. "He's apparently run into devils of that line before and not been terribly impressed. I thought they were nice enough, but Kuroka and I were so desperate in those days, I probably wouldn't have seen anything that I didn't want to."

"You had found a home and wanted to stay," Harry said softly. "I get that."

"Could you get a copy of the report, Rias?" Fleur asked.

"Yeah, I can ask Sirzechs," Rias replied. "I don't think you'll like what you read, though, Koneko."

"Hey, I get it," Koneko shrugged. "She very likely went nuts, and that's all there is to it but prior to today, I hadn't questioned that at all, so it might help just to see it all in black and white."

"I'll take care of it," Rias smiled. "In the meantime, let's get this disaster of a room back in order."

"That sounds like a good idea," Fleur sighed, looking around at all the mess.

*****

"I can't believe he was murdered," one of the students muttered as they walked past. "I know he was a creep, but no one deserves that."

"Maybe he went too far with someone," her friend suggested, and she shook her head.

"No," she said. "Apparently the suspect they're looking for is some middle-aged guy, a weird-looking one from the picture I saw on the news."

"I hope they get him," her friend sighed. "Things like that just don't happen here."

"I know!" she exclaimed.

"Suspect?" Harry asked quietly as they slipped into their clubroom.

"A fabrication," Akeno replied, shutting the door behind them. "He'll be found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound once we've dealt with the real killer."

"Or killers," Hermione added, sitting.

"It's pretty standard practice in cases like this where something supernatural has happened that can't be outright covered up," Rias explained. "Battles can be hidden, and even if they aren't, minds can be wiped and evidence erased, but we can't just erase the murder of a human, so we generally manipulate the police into looking for nonexistent suspects, who are found dead by suicide and then quietly cremated."

"The bodies are almost too easy to fabricate," Akeno said.

"Sorry I'm late," Fleur called out as she slipped inside, closing the door behind her. "A kendo accident resulted in a pretty badly broken nose."

"Did you manage to fix it?" Luna asked.

"A broken nose is not exactly hard to reset, and then charm fixed," Fleur replied, looking at Luna strangely as she sneezed.

"Sorry, I meant to ask to fix it without them suspecting anything," the blonde finished.

"Oh, yes," Fleur chuckled. "The bone I healed, but I left the bruising behind, and that will continue to hurt for a little while, so they shouldn't suspect a thing."

"That's the sort of thing we were just talking about," Kiba chuckled. "I must say, while I never disliked him, I'm still kind of surprised by the reaction to Issei Hyoudou's death here. So many of the girls seemed to actively hate him…"

"Death always comes as a shock to those who haven't experienced it yet," Rias replied. "It's different for us because we deal with it often, killing strays, investigating deaths, and things like that, but for them, given the life expectancy in Japan, most of the students here probably still have all their grandparents."

"This is a first for them, so while they might have thought he was creepy, they still knew him, and knowing that he was murdered is naturally unsettling," Hermione mused. "I don't think I'd realized just how unusual we all were even outside of the whole 'being devils' thing."

"It's a wonder we're all not more fucked up," Koneko muttered.

"The really sad thing is that I don't think he was actually all that creepy," Harry sighed.

"Really?" Koneko asked.

"Looking through his head I just saw a regular teenage boy," Harry replied. "He had a particular fixation on breasts and no social skills whatsoever when it came to girls, but he didn't seem like a bad guy. I genuinely wish we could have saved him."

"We'll get the one who did it," Kiba assured him. "For devils, we play the role of avenging angel oddly often."

"You're not wrong," Rias chuckled, looking out the window and spotting Matsuda and Motomama, who were looking as lost as they had been all day. Sighing at that, she said, "In this case, I think we'll be able to act before anyone here is murdered."

"We have our plan then?" Luna asked.

"Yes," Rias replied. "I went over Kiba's memory of the property and pulled up the blueprints from the town hall."

She summoned them and set them out on her desk, beckoning everyone over to look at them.

"It's a simple two-story house," she continued, "on the smaller side and with not too many places for our stray devil to hide."

"Only two doors, which is nice," Kiba murmured. "I figured we could split up and enter through the front and the back, though I did wonder if you might want to have some of us sweep the top floor while the others did so."

"I do," Rias replied. "You and Koneko will fly up and slip inside the windows here and here, while Harry, Akeno, and Hermione enter through the front, and Fleur, Luna, and I enter through the back. I honestly expect her to be in the basement, so we'll do a quick search and then link up here if none of us find her first. She will sense us when we enter the house at the absolute latest, so the element of surprise here is going to be limited, but we'll still strike at night to maximize our chances of catching her off guard. Hermione, I want as many minions as you can bring to guard the perimeter of the house while we enter, just in case she manages to slip past us, though I doubt she'll have the wherewithal to try."

"That sounds like a plan," Hermione nodded. "I'll be able to bring dozens of them, so we should be able to get a solid perimeter set up for us. Once we engage her, though, I want to call them in and see how they perform."

"I do too," Rias grinned.

"It will give me a chance to test out my new abilities," Koneko smirked, summoning her gauntlet and looking down at it. "The full moon is tonight…"

"It likely won't take us long to deal with Viser," Rias said softly. "From the report I was given, she doesn't appear to be much of a threat in general, and we're a rather overpowered bunch at this point."

"Almost makes you wish we had a Rating Game coming up," Akeno chuckled, and Rias sighed.

"I don't know if we're ready for that yet, but we're a hell of a lot more powerful than we were a year ago," she said. "Now, I understand that a few of you reached out to mortals who sought to summon us and set up appointments?"

"I have something that will require at least two people," Fleur replied. "I thought I'd take 'Arry along."

"What is it?" Rias asked.

"There is an old man in town who has, over the years, lost everyone he cares for," Fleur replied. "He's lived a long life, and he's ready to end it, but he can't bring himself to do it, and with euthanasia being illegal in Japan right now..."

"What's he offering?" Rias asked, intrigued.

"His entire estate," Fleur replied.

"Wow," Akeno said. "Impressive. Why does that need two people, though?"

"Oh, before he dies, he wants to watch me have sex," Fleur replied. "I made it clear that I am not a prostitute, but he's so old he doesn't think he could have me even if I was, and he did want to watch something like that one last time before he goes."

"Only you," Rias chuckled, shaking her head.

"Can I come?" Luna asked.

"Maybe we all should," Akeno joked. "That sight alone could do him in."

"You're really willing to do that?" Hermione asked.

"Even before I became a devil, having sex with the man I love in exchange for a house and an estate to go with it would have been a simple choice for me," Fleur replied. "As one..."

Hermione shook her head fondly and asked, "I take it euthanasia is completely illegal in Japan?"

"There's no formal law here, but I know there was a court case in the sixties that resulted in the framework for passive euthanasia being set up," Rias replied. "There is no such framework for active euthanasia, though there is a case before the courts right now that might change that. Either way, we devils are more than able to bring people peace if they request it and are willing to pay. Akeno, I'll need your help here this evening, so we can't go."

"I'd really rather not have sex in front of an audience I'm not attracted to," Hermione added.

"Fuck no," Koneko said flatly. "I'm expecting to be summoned by a regular this evening anyway."

"Just us three then," Harry replied, being more than willing. "Shall we?"

"It's so sad that the guy has no one left, but at least we'll be able to give him a show and some measure of peace," Luna said softly, taking his hand as they approached Fleur.

"Come, I think you will like this place," she murmured. "Some of the things he has on display in his home are beautiful. There's this one gorgeous vase that I think would look lovely in our…"

They disappeared at that, and Hermione muttered, "Only she could find a guy who wanted to hand over his entire estate just to watch her get fucked."

"Honestly, I'm quite impressed," Rias chuckled.

*****

"Oh fuck, oh fuck," Fleur panted as she came down from her high, pressing her cheek against Luna's thigh as the other blonde twitched on the mattress they'd summoned for themselves. Harry was breathing heavily behind her, his still-hard cock lodged inside her pussy even as his thick, creamy load spilled out down along his balls.

"That was...amazing," Luna sighed, staring up at the ceiling with glassy, unfocused eyes. "What do you think, Mister Hirano? Mister Hirano?"

"Is something wro...oh," Harry groaned as he turned around to look at the old man.

He was sitting in his chair, just as he had been when they started; only at that point, he'd been blinking.

"Well, you can't say we did not fulfill the contract," Fleur winced, closing the old man's eyes with a wave of her hand.

"Do either of you have any idea how long he's been gone?" Harry asked, pulling his softening cock from Fleur's clinging tunnel and standing up. "I started actively tuning him out around the time you two went down on me."

"That was at least two hours ago," Fleur giggled. "I think he was still breathing when I last checked, though you know how much I lose my senses when you put that wonderful tongue of yours to use."

"He was such a nice man," Luna murmured, standing up and vanishing the mattress as well as the various fluids that had fallen past it onto the floor.

"He got one last good memory before he died," Harry sighed. "It was the best we could do for him, given the circumstances. You put his will in your pouch, right?"

"I have it," Fleur replied. "I'll alert the authorities about him before we leave. Could you ask Rias if she wants us back yet?"

"Of course," Harry nodded. "Rias, are you ready to move on Viser's lair yet?"

"Not for another hour at least," Rias replied over their bond. "How did it go?"

"We ended up not having to kill him," Harry replied. "Watching us have sex proved to be too much for, I assume, his heart."

"At least he died happy," Rias chuckled. "Just make sure you're back at the Rookery within the hour, and then we'll go deal with Viser."

"We don't have to be back just yet," Harry replied. "Do you want to walk back?"

"That sounds nice," Luna smiled, putting their clothes back on with a wave of her hand and wrapping her arms around one of Harry's.

"Someone will come collect him soon," Fleur said, putting down the phone. "I must say, these are a little more convenient than floo ports."

"I know, right?" Harry chuckled, wrapping an arm around her waist.

The three of them left Fleur's new house, something she planned to sell once they had sorted through the possessions in it, and made their way out onto the street. It was nearly dusk, and the light of the setting sun bathed the tranquil town in an almost orange glow as it peeked under the clouds, making it all the more beautiful.

"I can really see why Rias likes this place so much," Fleur smiled.

"It is rather beautiful," Luna murmured, "and so very quiet too. Grimmauld Place seemed nice and all, but I don't think I'd have liked being in the heart of a city as big as London."

"Maman and Papa have had to get used to Kyoto," Fleur said, "but I think they're starting to adjust. You're free to see her on Wednesday, right?"

"Of course," Harry replied. "I…"

"Harry?" a voice asked, and they all turned to see a blonde girl around their age dressed as a nun staring at them. "Is that you?"

"Yes," Harry replied, furrowing his brow in confusion. "Who...oh, I remember you, from Catanzaro...Asia."

"What are you doing here?" Asia asked, smiling widely. "I didn't think...I mean, I didn't expect to see any familiar faces in this town."

"I live here now," Harry replied. "A few friends of mine and I moved here back in July. What are you doing here?"

"I guess I have to," Asia replied, her green eyes dimming slightly.

"Oh, uh, this is Luna Lovegood and Fleur Delacour," Harry said, introducing them. "Girls, this is Asia...Argento. We met back last Christmas."

"It is a pleasure," Fleur purred. "'Arry, you did not tell me that you met just a beautiful young woman during your adventure in Italy."

"Beautiful?" Asia squeaked.

"Very," Luna smiled. "I don't mean to be rude, but why are you dressed like that? You're too young to be a nun, right?"

"I'm what's considered an aspirant," Asia replied, "or I w...it's all I've wanted, to live a life of prayer and devotion to the Lord, and I didn't see any reason to wait to at least start it. You say you've been living here for two months now; do you know where the church is? I was told there was only one in town, but I've been looking around, and I…"

"Do you have a map of Kuoh?" Luna asked, and Asia shook her head, sighing.

"That would help, wouldn't it?" she winced, and Luna giggled, reaching into her pocket and conjuring one.

"Here you go," the blonde said, opening it up and moving next to her. "We're around here, and the church is to the northwest here."

"Oh, I hadn't been there yet," Asia said. "If I could take a moment to try to memorize this…"

"Take it," Luna smiled, handing it to her.

"Really?" Asia asked.

"Any friend of 'Arry's is a friend of ours," Fleur purred.

"You'll be staying at that church then?" Harry asked. "I wasn't aware that it was operational."

"It's being opened back up," Asia replied. "That's actually why I was sent here, to help out with that. Thank you all for your generosity."

"It's no trouble," Luna murmured, and Asia took her hands in hers and smiled.

"God bless you all," she said, blinking in confusion as they all winced. "Is something wrong?"

"No, nothing at all," Harry replied. "If you like, I'd be happy to show you around town sometime."

"That would be lovely," Asia replied. "When are you free?"

"Tomorrow around threeish?" Harry suggested. "We could meet outside the town hall if you've found it yet."

"Yes, that would be easy enough," Asia replied. "It was really nice seeing you again, Harry."

"I'm surprised you remembered me," Harry chuckled, rubbing his neck and trying not to smirk when she blushed.

"You were...memorable," Asia said softly, blushing further. "Anyway, I really need to get going."

"So do we," Harry replied. "I'll see you tomorrow."

"See you then," Asia replied, running off before turning around. "It was lovely meeting you both."

"A pleasure, for sure," Fleur smiled as Luna nodded.

"That was random," Harry murmured once she was out of earshot.

"I'm not sure it was," Luna replied. "We should get back to the Rookery now."

*****

"I do remember you mentioning that you met a nun back in Catanzaro," Rias murmured. "It's strange that she'd be here, though. The Catholic Church doesn't exactly have a strong presence in this town, or indeed, any presence."

"Her being sent, as an aspiring novice, to help a priest set up an old abandoned church is also highly strange," Hermione replied. "I won't pretend that I'm an expert on the Catholic Church, but my grandmother was very much of the High Anglican tradition, and I know that there are quite a few similarities between them."

"I remember now," Akeno said. "Back then, you said that you watched her heal some kid and thought she was a witch."

"And you two said it was likely a sacred gear," Harry nodded.

"Well, we have a nun with a suspected Sacred Gear showing up in town right around the time that a Fallen Angel shows up," Akeno murmured. "I don't think that we can just assume that that's a coincidence."

"I really couldn't see a girl that seemingly sweet being in league with murderous angels, though," Fleur said. "Of course, she also seemed highly naive."

"I thought the same thing," Luna replied, "which is why I enchanted that map I gave her."

"Oh?" Harry asked, watching as she pulled another map out of her pocket and opened it up, revealing a glowing red spot by the church.

"We'll be able to track her with this," Luna murmured. "If she is in league with the fallen angels, they might be using the church as their base, or they might just be storing her and their other human servants there. With this, we might be able to see where else she goes."

"We checked the church over, though they might have simply evaded us," Akeno pointed out.

"...but even if it isn't, if she is their servant, it might lead us to them," Luna finished.

"That's really good work, Luna," Rias smiled. "Well done."

"Fleur's right that she doesn't seem to be the type to willingly work with the sort of monsters we're dealing with here," Harry said. "She seems almost painfully innocent."

"Harry, if you're thinking about rescuing her, tangling with devotees of Heaven never ends well for devils," Rias warned.

"Think of it, though," Hermione said. "If she was an aspiring nun, why would she end up with the fallen angels at all?"

"That does seem weird," Kiba piped up. "From what you've told me, the sort of humans who usually end up working for them are monsters like Galilei, who run afoul of the church but still want to serve the Tyrant."

"I'll admit that from your description, she doesn't seem to be the sort that I would expect to work with them, but that doesn't make her a potential friend of ours," Rias replied.

"If she's working with them, maybe it's because she was rejected in some way," Harry suggested. "If that's the case and we prove to her that the people she's in league with now are monsters, that sort of thing can really affect someone's faith."

"You want to turn her to our side?" Rias asked.

"Her healing abilities could be useful, potentially useful enough for her to help Sebastian," Harry replied.

"You think she could heal Papa?" Fleur asked.

"I think it's worth a shot," Harry replied. "I won't do anything stupid, Rias, but I think this is worth trying. I've offered to show her around town tomorrow."

"Which would put you on your own with a potential agent of our enemies," Rias said through gritted teeth.

"Not if I was discreetly followed," Harry smiled. "I could pump her for information, see what she knows, and then see if there's any way we might be able to make her see things our way. I do think she seems like a good person, and if it turns out she is working with Yuuma, or whatever that bitch's name is, and we show her just what a monster she's serving, we could be led right to her and gain a potential ally in the process."

"This is potentially the best lead we've gotten so far," Akeno said. "If they are using that church as their base, then that means that when we went to check it out, they hid themselves so well that even I could sense them."

"If so, then they're really looking to avoid confrontation with us, yet if they've brought someone else in, they're sticking around," Rias mused. "What the hell are they up to?"

"Maybe they're building up their forces before striking," Kiba suggested.

"I hardly think this Asia girl is the sort you'd bring in as backup," Fleur chuckled.

"We're missing something," Rias sighed. "I hadn't given much thought to their motive for sticking around here because I honestly didn't know if they would and just wanted to kill them if so. I'm starting to wonder if there isn't more to it, though."

"We don't know for sure if there even is more than one of them," Koneko murmured, "but either way, if the bitch is staying here, it has to be for some reason."

"Maybe she's hiding from someone," Luna suggested.

"But then, why kill a guy so publicly?" Akeno asked. "Given that Issei possessed a sacred gear, and a Longinus at that, it's very likely that she was ordered to observe him, assess whether or not he could useful to them, and then deal with him if not. We've read enough of Azazel's journals to know how obsessed he is with the Sacred Gears, and that does seem like the sort of cold, heartless thing the pricks would do. If this nun is connected to Yuuma, then she's still around, and if so, it's for a reason, but until we can be sure of that, there's little point in speculating."

"I can investigate this safely," Harry said softly, taking Rias' hand in his as he peered into her eyes, "and we might gain more from it than mere information if things work out."

"I can safely say that Asia is already quite attracted to 'Arry," Fleur grinned. "I could feel her desire, but even if I hadn't, the way she blushed around us would have given it away."

"Given everything, that's hardly surprising," Rias chuckled. "Akeno, you'll follow them discreetly and call us all in if anything goes wrong. Harry, if this girl is as innocent as you say, her being in league with the fallen angels would be strange, so focus on finding out why. If she really did run afoul of the church, perhaps we can turn her to our side once we've dealt with Yuuma and any other collaborators she might have."

"Sounds like a plan," Harry grinned. "Speaking of plans, the sun has set."

Rias chuckled at that and looked out the window, saying, "Let's go hunting."

*****

"I detected one living being in the house," Akeno announced as she flew back to their position in the woods. "As you suspected, she's in the basement."

"You were able to get close enough to sense that without her noticing you?" Rias asked, surprised.

"I'd say she's fairly feral, this one," Akeno replied.

"There's only one path in and out of the basement," Hermione piped up. "We won't need to have the minions guard the perimeter."

"No, likely not," Rias murmured.

"We also don't need to sweep the top floor if we already know that it's empty," Kiba said. "How about I go with Harry's group and Koneko goes with yours?"

"That works," Rias nodded. "Take your positions."

"Come," Hermione commanded, looking at the forty-eight minions she'd taken with her, a dozen of each type, "but be quiet. We want to sneak up on our target."

"Then smash?" one of the browns asked, sounding utterly giddy at the prospect of violence.

"Then you can smash," Hermione chuckled affectionately.

"I must say I'm looking forward to seeing how they are in a real fight," Rias murmured as they moved into position.

She led Fleur, Luna, and Kiba to the back door quietly, grinning to herself when she detected nothing to suggest that Viser had sensed them. She had hunted a fair few stray devils over the years, and the experiences always differed based on how powerful and competent they were but also based on how feral they had become. Sneaking up on a well-trained devil was quite difficult, and even newly turned ones possessed senses well beyond those of normal mortals, but for those driven completely mad by the power they gained, it sometimes clouded those senses quite a lot.

"The simplest sort of hunts these are," Rias thought to herself. "Harry, on three, crash through the back door."

"Wait a second," Harry replied mentally. "We're turning some man that she was luring in away. He seemed to be walking in a daze."

"Her would-be meal, presumably," Rias replied. "She might not sense us, but I imagine she'll sense him turning to leave, so we might want to move now."

"He's leaving," Harry replied, and she nodded, signaling to move immediately.

They crashed through the two doors and converged on the door leading to the basement, from which they heard an angry snarl.

"So much for the element of surprise," Fleur chuckled, wreathing herself in flame as she prepared for a fight.

"We have her cornered," Rias grinned. "Surprise is no longer needed."

She destroyed the door leading to the basement, and they flew down, lighting up the room as they entered.

"Who's there?" a young-sounding woman called out, managing to sound both shocked and scared. "What do you want?"

The basement was filled with boxes, and a beautiful, dark-haired woman peeked out around one, her visage the picture of wide-eyed innocence. She was completely nude from the waist up, her large, full breasts on display as only the curtain of her long, dark hair covered any of them. If they didn't know better, they'd have thought she was just a simple, innocent human woman, though fortunately for them, they did.

"You made a mistake coming to this town, Viser," Rias said harshly, glaring at the devil, who bristled at the sound of her name. "I am Rias Gremory, and Kuoh is my territory."

"So high and mighty like the rest of them," Viser sneered, walking out from behind the crate and revealing her monstrous lower half.

She looked sort of like a of centaur, but her lower half was covered, not in the fine hair of a horse, but in long, thick, matted fur; her legs all ended in clawed feet, and she had a tail that looked like a snake.

"This was the result of her transformation?" Hermione asked, aghast.

"Why do you ask it like that?!" Viser demanded, glaring at the brunette. "I'm far more beautiful than you, you little stick. Look upon this voluptuous form and tell me that I'm not gorgeous."

"It's not the first word I'd use," Fleur replied honestly, and Viser growled.

"For betraying your master, losing yourself to madness, and leaving a trail of bodies across the countryside, I have no choice but to condemn you to death," Rias proclaimed.

"You're welcome to try!" Viser hissed, swiping her hands across the air at them.

Twin geysers of green fluid shot towards them, and Harry erected a shield that it bounced off of. As the liquid landed on the floor, it ate clean through the wood, and they all glared at Viser, realizing that she'd shot acid at them.

"Now!" Hermione called, and their foe barely had time to wonder what that signified before a dozen green minions revealed themselves and jumped up onto her back, stabbing her with their poisoned blades.

She shrieked, flailing around as she tried to fling them off, and as she was distracted, the rest of them jumped in. Akeno flew right in front of her, shooting a bolt of lightning right at her chest as Kiba jumped behind her and sliced her snake tail clean off, earning another pained scream from her. Hermione and Luna shielded against her counterstrike, redirecting her summoned spears as she tried to stab at them, while Fleur, accompanied by a dozen red minions, unleashed torrents of fire at her legs. The smell of singed hair filled the air, and Viser collapsed onto her chest, the toll of dozens of wounds becoming too much for her to bear. Harry summoned heavy chains from the ground, wrapping her in place, as the brown minions moved in, stabbing and slashing at her while cackling like madmen.

"I suddenly realize that we really didn't need to bring everyone," Rias murmured, watching the stray devil get completely destroyed by their combined might. "Koneko, would you like the honors?"

The white-haired girl grinned, having spent the past minute watching the green orb on her gauntlet glow every time Ddraig's voice boomed in the back of her head, announcing that her power had been boosted again. The Boosted Gear doubled its host's power every ten seconds, and she felt awe at just how utterly invincible she felt in that moment.

"Now, Koneko," the dragon rumbled in her head, and she jumped forth, rearing back as she did, and punched the dying Viser square in her head.

Unleashing the full power that she'd built up, her fist went through the monstrous devil's skull, shattering it and covering her and the rest of them in blood, bone fragments, and brain matter.

"Do again!" one of the brown minions cheered, jumping up and down as he stared at her in awe.

"Holy fuck," Koneko breathed, staring down at her blood-smeared gauntlet in awe. "I...I've never been anywhere near that strong."

"We were so overpowered for this," Akeno chuckled as she landed next to Rias, who destroyed Viser's remains with a casual flick of her wrist.

"That's never a bad thing," the redhead said. "Well done, all of you. This foe wasn't much of a challenge, but still, I'm impressed with how well you all worked together, and as for you minions, I was pleasantly surprised by you too."

The short creatures preened under her praise before digging into the various boxes and crates scattered around the basement, looking for things to steal. The blue minions Hermione had brought with them looked around for someone to resurrect, but they hadn't actually taken any casualties in the short, one-sided fight, and once they realized that, they joined the others in looting.

"I need to be bound," Koneko breathed, looking up at Harry. "For my own peace of mind, please make me yours."

"As you desire," Harry smiled, picking her up and kissing her softly.

"I prepared the ritual room before we left so we can do the ritual now, but I might suggest that we bathe first," Fleur muttered, flicking a bit of Viser's brain off of her shoulder.

"Not a bad idea," Rias muttered, grimacing when she saw a bit of the stray's skull attached to her hair.

*****

"So this sounded really simple from what I read," Koneko murmured as she undressed just inside the ritual room.

"It is, and we've done it a bunch of times now, so you don't have to worry about anything," Rias smiled. "I'll ask one last time: are you sure you want this?"

"I'll second that question," Ddraig added in her mind.

"I do," Koneko replied. "I had trouble trusting myself before I became this powerful, and now...I just want to know that I'll never hurt anyone I care about. Once I'm sure of that, I think I'll be able to actually relax, something that I haven't really done since my old life blew up...again."

"I understand," Harry smiled, "and I promise that I won't abuse the power over you that you're about to give me."

"I know," Koneko replied softly, staring up into his eyes. "I might not have known you all that long, but the others all have, and they trust you absolutely, but more than that, you've been nothing but kind and understanding with me since we met. I can't think of a man I'd trust more with what will essentially be my leash."

"Your intense attraction to him has nothing at all to do with it, of course," Ddraig teased, making her blush. "If you really want this, partner, then do it, but knowing your mind as well as I do, I will say again that you don't seem like someone who has to fear going off the deep end."

"On some level, I might know that, and I'll admit that my fear isn't entirely rational, but this will make me feel safe, and that's really what I want more than anything," Koneko replied, and she swore she could feel the dragon nod in her mind.

Harry gave her another reassuring smile and undressed with a wave of his hand before taking his place in the ritual circle near the door. Koneko let her yellow eyes trail up and down over his form, shuddering at the sight of his muscular body and rubbing her thighs together when she saw his cock dangle between his legs, reaching halfway to his knees.

"I took that whole thing inside me," she thought to herself, still awed by the fact.

She took her place in the circle and looked to Fleur, who had been working on empowering the runes since she finished showering.

"There," the Veela smiled. "We are ready to begin."

"I never tire of watching these," Luna sighed, leaning against Akeno, who wrapped an arm around her, watching just as intensely. "Do you think the other devil you bring into the harem will enjoy this?"

"When I tell them that it will empower them, I'm sure they'll be tempted," Rias grinned. "I'm really looking forward to seeing Seekvaira on her hands and knees before Harry."

"You've decided on who you're picking then?" Hermione asked.

"Seekvaira and Latia are obvious choices, though I'm of two minds on the third," Rias sighed. "I'd love to bring Sona into our little family, but this isn't the sort of thing she's generally into, and I'd really rather not antagonize Lady Serafall. If this Ingvild Leviathan woman becomes an option, I'll definitely be considering her."

Harry hadn't been able to keep Leviathan summoned for the ritual, fearing that her spirit might interfere unwittingly, but the ghost was watching keenly in the background, very curious about just how this particular ritual went.

"My descendant better agree to all this," she thought to herself. "Katerea seems like a lost cause, and Ingvild is the only other one. I will find a way to restore my bloodline one way or another."

She shook her spectral head at that and put it out of her mind, knowing that there was no point in dwelling on the matter yet.

"Now, feed your magic into the ritual circle," Fleur said, and Harry nodded, doing so immediately.

Koneko did the same and was surprised for a moment to see that the color it came out as was red until she remembered why. Harry's was too, as it always had been, and she smiled as she noted the similarity between them. Fleur's power engulfed them both, as she was the one conducting the ritual as she had every time since the first, and Koneko barely suppressed a moan when she started to feel Harry's power as well. They both felt like sex incarnate, and being awash in their combined power was enough to make her knees weak.

A swirling vortex of power had been building around them since they started the ritual growing redder and redder as they fed their own energy into it, and she shivered as she felt it lock them together, smiling when she saw that Harry had too. Looking at him again meant seeing how hard he'd gotten since she last did, and it took all her self-control not to drool at the sight of his turgid cock standing proudly in the air.

"Koneko, Harry, do you both wish to form this Master-Servant Contract and thereby bind your souls together?" Fleur asked.

"I do," Harry replied, peering down into her eyes, and she felt her own grow misty at the sheer affection in them.

"I do," Koneko breathed, unsure if she'd ever wanted anything more in her life.

"Koneko, take my hand," Fleur said, reaching out towards her, and she did, her heart hammering in her chest.

Fleur began to chant the magical phrases in that strange, otherworldly tongue as Koneko hung on her every word, hyper-focused on what she was doing. She knew that after a minute, she'd have to join in with the chant, and the moment Fleur signaled for her to start, she did. As she chanted in unison with the Veela, the ritual circle began to glow brighter and brighter, until it was a nearly blinding gold. The light enveloped her completely, and then it enveloped Harry, who smiled at the familiar warmth and joy of it.

Every time this happened, he got to feel how the woman binding herself to him felt about him, and he furrowed his brow at what he got from Koneko. On top of the joy that he usually felt, there was a sense of relief greater than anything he'd ever felt in his life. For Koneko, paradoxically, binding herself as his servant made her feel free in a way that nothing else could. Having spent so long terrified of herself, she'd been on guard constantly, and only as the ritual circle faded, having done all that it needed to, did she finally feel peace.

"In a moment, a magic circle will appear on Harry's hand," Fleur said, looking at Koneko. "Once you kiss it, it will be done."

"Thank you," Koneko breathed, already feeling like a terrible weight had been lifted from her shoulders.

The moment the circle appeared, she practically jumped at him, taking it and kissing it repeatedly as her eyes filled with tears.

"I...I…" she went to say, the sense of relief she felt too powerful for her, and Harry silenced her with a kiss that she returned immediately.

Their tongues dueled for dominance in their mouths as she flew up and started humping his abs, her drooling slit leaving wet trails on him. He chuckled into her mouth and cupped her ass with one of his large hands as he wrapped the other one around his cock and positioned himself right under her pussy. Koneko sank down immediately and threw her head back, crying out in pleasure as he filled her completely.

"Fuck yes!" she cried, taking him to the root in one smooth motion.

"That was beautiful," Luna sighed, wiping a tear from her right eye. "Rias, if we did bring Sona into our little family, is there any chance that Serafall might join in too? Because I would let that woman do unspeakable things to me."

Rias snorted at that, still watching as Koneko bounced on Harry's cock, crying out and screaming in unrestrained joy.

"She isn't married, but I honestly don't think she's particularly into men," the redhead replied. "Her queen, Behemoth, and her pawn, Zis, are pretty openly understood to be her lovers, and I've never heard of her taking any man into the bed she shares with them."

"That's a pity," Luna sighed, and Akeno chuckled.

"Not every beautiful woman in the universe is going to want to join in our debauchery," she laughed, pulling Luna in close and brushing her hair behind her ears. "If you want someone to do unspeakable things to you, though, you know I'm your girl."

Luna kissed her hungrily, and Akeno teleported them both up to her bedroom, wanting to tie her to her bed and torment her for a few hours.

"Yes, yes, yes, yes!" Koneko screamed, her nails raking down Harry's back as he continued to bounce her on his cock. "Just like that! Just like that! Break my fucking pussy!"

"I'm going to pound this pussy until she purrs for me," Harry rumbled in her ear, and she burst out laughing, screaming as he pressed her back against her nearest wall and started fucking her even harder.

"She seems to be enjoying herself," Hermione smiled, as Fleur sat down next to her and Rias while they continued to watch.

"The tension I've felt in her since we met is gone," the Veela announced. "All I can feel coming from her right now is desire and ecstasy."

"Maybe it was a good idea all along," Rias smiled. "I was worried that it would just be another crutch, another thing that could slow or even stop her recovery, but seeing her act so freely..."

"I love how much you care about all of us," Hermione murmured, resting a hand on her hip as she stared into her eyes. "When I first heard that Harry had summoned a devil, I feared so much that he was planning to sell himself to someone heartless and cruel, but you...you're the polar opposite of what I feared."

"You're all my family," Rias smiled, wrapping an arm around her and Fleur. "I would never take anyone into my service that I wasn't willing to treat like one of my own, to care for, nurture, if needed, and help thrive."

"You've been nothing but wonderful to us, Rias," Fleur whispered in her ear as she cupped one of her breasts and kneaded the supple mound. "I think 'Ermione and I could be just as wonderful to you tonight, non?"

"It's been a while since I spent a night worshiping you," Hermione grinned, sliding her hand along Rias' thigh until she was just barely brushing a finger against her heated mound.

"Right there, right there, right...HARRY!" Koneko wailed, cumming so hard she squirted and soaked the floor under them.

"I suspect those two are going to be busy for a while here," Rias grinned, taking Hermione's and Fleur's hands. "If you two want to have a threesome, I'm more than willing."

With that, she teleported them out, leaving Harry alone with Koneko, who slumped in his arms, resting her head on his shoulder as she panted for breath.

"Give me...an order," the nekomata panted.

"Hmm?" Harry asked, having been too focused on how fucking amazing her vice-tight pussy felt around his length to hear what she'd said.

"I want to trigger...a punishment," Koneko replied, and he grinned, lifting her off of his cock and conjuring a bed in the middle of the room.

As he set her down on it, he said, "Cast a lubrication charm on yourself. I want to fuck this perfect little ass of yours."

"Fuck my ass, are you fucking insa...wait, you've done that to the others?" Koneko asked, staring at his cock like she suddenly found it to be dangerous.

"They all love anal," Harry replied. "Now lube yourself up for me."

"No," Koneko breathed, her initial shock dissipating enough for her to remember what this had been about, and she gasped, feeling a wave of heat more intense than anything she'd ever known course through her as a purplish-red collar of light appeared around her neck. "Holy shit."

"The first few times Rias and I did this, I wasn't yet a proper incubus, so I couldn't truly feel just how intense the punishment is for you," Harry grinned.

"I feel like I'm...agh!" Koneko cried, getting on all fours and humping the air instinctively as she let out a yowl. "I feel like I'm in heat!"

"You essentially are," Harry chuckled, admiring her fleshy, swollen folds. "Maybe, by the end of the night, you'll have a litter of kittens in your…"

Before he could even finish that sentence, Koneko moaned, squirted, so utterly turned on by the idea that she couldn't help it, and he laughed as he wiped his eyes.

"Did you just spray me?" Harry chuckled, only to go still as she whipped her head around and looked at him with almost frantic, entirely black eyes.

"Breed me!" Koneko cried, pushing herself back against him and rubbing her cunt on his face. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck...yes!"

She screamed as he buried himself to the hilt inside her and started fucking her hard and fast. Her cat ears and tail emerged, and he grinned, his grip on her hips tightening to the point he knew he'd leave bruises. She screamed and shrieked at his every thrust, clawing at the mattress under them so hard that she tore it to shreds. The wet sound of flesh smacking flesh filled the air, and Harry groaned as she started consciously squeezing him each time he pulled back, desperately trying to milk a thick load out of him.

Summoning Leviathan silently, he asked, "I don't actually want to get her pregnant, but I've never fucked a nekomata in heat before, and I can tell from how she feels that she's ovulating."

"Gooey?" Leviathan asked, and he gave her the mental equivalent of a nod. "As I explained before, you have absolute control over how well your swimmers, to borrow a more modern term, work, so no matter how desperately your little kitty here wants kittens at the moment, you won't give her any that you don't want to. That doesn't mean you shouldn't mount and stuff her, though. Very neat ritual, by the way."

"Glad you liked it," Harry chuckled, focusing back on Koneko and carefully wrapping a hand around her tail just to see how she'd react.

"Yes, yes, yes, FUCK!" the white-haired girl squealed, cumming hard.

Harry grunted at the feeling of her tight tunnel spasming around him as she writhed in pleasure and let go, painting her inner walls white with rope after thick rope of his cum. Feeling him fill her up seemed to amplify her pleasure, and her high-pitched wails and yowls echoed through the room as the two of them rode out the waves of pleasure together.

As Harry's orgasm ended, he leaned in and kissed her neck, whispering, "Be a good girl and tell me what I am to you."

"Master," Koneko whimpered weakly, feeling utterly exhausted, and she sighed in pure contentment as the punishment ended.

Pulling his still-hard cock from her depths, he rolled over and pulled her in until she was resting on his chest.

"I feel...everything," Koneko sighed, feeling her eyes tear up as she finally let all the feelings she'd been doing everything to suppress for over a year return to her.

"You're safe," Harry whispered, softly stroking her back with his fingers as he wrapped his other arm around her waist, holding her tightly. "You don't need to worry about anything with me."

"Thank you," Koneko breathed, pushing herself up and staring down into his eyes. "Thank you so much."

He smiled and pulled her down, kissing her passionately and rolling her onto her back. He was inside her again the next moment, and the two of them continued to indulge their passion for each other, both aware that their night was only just beginning.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Apr 15, 2026
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Markuz Black, Brawlingbard, Child of the Omnissiah and 144 others
voivode_writer
Apr 14, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 53 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Apr 28, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,061
I'm going to preface this one by saying that Heaven's side in this story will be expanded upon after characters like Michael appear. I know I've been nothing but negative to that faction so far, but the only perspectives we've gotten in the story up to this point have been devils, wizards/witches, and people who have been screwed over by the church, so there hasn't been much room for believable nuance there.
Harry sighed happily as he finished his breakfast, saying, "I must say, I'd have never imagined liking raw fish this much."

"I had had sushi before, but nothing like this." Hermione added.

"If the British idea of Japanese food is on par with their idea of French food, I understand that entirely," Fleur teased, and the brunette rolled her eyes.

"British cooking isn't as bad as all that," she insisted. When Fleur cocked an eyebrow at her, she said, "I've read old British cookbooks from before the war, and the cuisine was actually quite varied and interesting. I haven't researched it in detail, but my theory is that it was the rationing that screwed us over, especially since it went on for so long after the war ended. An entire generation would have grown up having access to barely anything, so my guess is that they never learned how to cook properly."

"British cooking on the magical side never got that bad," Luna piped up. "This was very good, though. Thanks, Akeno."

"I've been practicing," Akeno smiled, preening under the praise. "Koneko ate most of my prior attempts."

"And lived to tell the tale," Kiba teased, earning a middle finger from Rias' queen.

"Shockingly, I didn't need much convincing to agree to eat a bunch of fish," Koneko remarked, sighing as she finished her last piece.

She was pressed right up against Harry, having refused to leave his side since the night before, something that he was more than happy about and the rest of them found quite cute.

"Harry, do you have a minute before you have to go?" Sirius asked, and Harry looked at him in concern, realizing that he'd been unusually quiet all morning.

"We both know I could just teleport right over to the school if I needed to," he replied. "Why?"

"I need a word...in private," Sirius replied, and Harry nodded solemnly, figuring that he knew what this was about.

"We'll head over in a couple minutes," Rias said. "If you think you'll be late, just reach out and let me know.

Harry followed his godfather upstairs, spotting Gnarl tinkering with something he doubted he wanted to know about in one of the spare rooms as they made their way to his. Sirius let him in and closed the door behind him before leaning on it.

"You want to speak to him?" Harry asked, and he nodded.

"I do...I have for weeks now but…" Sirius stammered, trailing off. "Promise not to think too little of me when I turn into a blubbering mess?"

"I promise only to make fun of you a little," Harry replied, and his godfather laughed.

"Thanks," he sighed. "I needed that."

"James Potter," Harry said, holding out his hand, and the image of his father popped out of it.

"Padfoot," James murmured, smiling widely. "Took you long enough."

Sirius began tearing up immediately.

"James," he breathed.

"You got old," James chuckled, and Sirius laughed, though his face quickly fell.

"Yeah, I...I got to age," he sighed, and James did too. "I'm so sorry, Prongs."

"You have nothing to apologize for," his old friend said softly.

"It was my idea to make the rat your secret keeper in my place," Sirius lamented. "I just had to be clever."

"None of us suspected Wormtail," James muttered, his eyes darkening as he recalled his traitorous one-time friend, "and I was the first one to suspect Remus. If we had kept him closer, perhaps he might have figured out that Peter had grown too craven to be trusted."

"Even still, I should have taken Harry and run," Sirius sighed, looking regretful as he peered up at his godson. "If I'd done that, if I'd not gone after that wretched little rat…"

"I'd have done the same in your shoes," James insisted. "Wormtail deserved to die for what he did. Lily...she and I should have been able to raise Harry together, and if not for him, perhaps we would have. I hate that he only got to experience a few months of Azkaban at its worst."

"Have you checked on him, Dad?" Harry asked.

"The cage they have him locked away in is tiny and stifling, and he suffers for that, but it isn't the same without those monsters," James scowled. "Of course, I can't exactly fault your brother-in-law for destroying them. Congratulations, by the way."

"I should have summoned you," Harry sighed, realizing that. "I didn't think...I…"

"I was there anyway, and you were focused on knocking that utter dickhead on his arse," James chuckled. "Well done, by the way."

"I miss you," Sirius sighed, trying to blink away his tears as he stared down at his old friend.

"I miss you too," James replied. "Oh, you should know, and I don't think he's had a chance to write to you about it yet, but Remus has been rehired at Hogwarts."

"Really?" Harry and Sirius asked in unison.

"I happened to check up on him in Germany when Albus flooed him," James replied. "The guy he hired for the defense position didn't work out."

"Is the curse still there?" Harry asked. "Voldemort cast it himself, and with him dead for good…"

"No, he just didn't turn out to be all that suited to teaching," James replied. "If you could let me speak to him some time, I'd appreciate that."

"I'll reach out to him and see about having drinks at the Leaky," Sirius nodded. "'Hey, we can talk to our old dead mate' isn't the sort of thing you just put in a letter, you know?"

"Thank you," James smiled. "I never held you responsible for any of this, Sirius, but in case you need to hear it, I do forgive you."

"Damn it," Sirius muttered as he started crying openly, and James just smiled sadly.

"Harry, about your mother…" he went to say.

"I'm on it, Dad," Harry vowed. "It might take a while, but…"

"Harry, when I asked you to rescue her, I honestly didn't know who had taken her but this Rizevim guy…" James went to say, trailing off as he tried to figure out how best to put it. "I don't want you throwing your life away, son, and neither would she…"

"Mum sacrificed her life to save me, Dad," Harry sighed. "How could I not risk myself for her…"

"We sacrificed our lives to give you a chance at one," James said firmly, "not so you could throw it away."

"I'm not a reckless fool," Harry insisted. "I'm not rushing off across the Underworld to find him as I am now but I will rescue her soul in time. I'll train until I can hold my own against Sirzechs and Ajuka and then try to reach a deal with Rizevim. If that fails, which it likely will, then I'll take him out."

"I...I just don't want you to get yourself hurt," James sighed.

"Neither do I," Sirius piped up, wiping his eyes.

"He's already undoubtedly interested in me because of what I am," Harry pointed out. "This isn't my first time living with the likelihood that some all-powerful dark wanker is going to come after me."

"Do you know where he is?" Sirius asked. "If you could spy on him, perhaps you could find out if he's focused on Harry at all."

"No, I don't," James replied. "To me the world is a foggy haze lit up only where those I knew in life reside, and I've never been to the Underworld, outside of the realm of the dead."

"How does that work exactly?" Harry asked.

"I'm not entirely sure, to be honest," James replied. "All I know is that after I died, I woke up in a vast dark land surrounded by other spirits, some of which I knew and most of which I didn't. Some disappear occasionally, and we're not sure what happens to them. After we spoke in that odd space that looked like King's Crossing, I gained the ability to check in more on those I knew in life, but other than that, I'm pretty limited."

"It's alright," Harry said softly. "As I said, I'm not planning to confront Rizevim until I have reason to think that I might stand a chance against him, but someday, I will."

"I guess I'll just have to trust Sirzechs and the others to give you truly accurate assessments there," James sighed. "Anyway, I think you have school to get to."

"Oh, bloody hell, you're right," Harry muttered, looking to Sirius.

"I'll look after him, James, I promise," he breathed, and his old friend smiled.

"I know you will," James replied. "Thank you."

With that, Harry let him go, and Sirius slumped into his chair.

"You okay?" he asked.

"I will be," Sirius replied. "Thank you for that; I...I really needed it."

"Anytime," Harry said. "Let me know what Professor Lupin says."

"You can just call him Remus, you know," Sirius chuckled, "or Moony."

"Someday I will, I'm sure," Harry smiled, disappearing in a magic circle.

Sirius sighed to himself, suddenly realizing that he probably should have done that at an acceptable hour to drink.

*****

"They've been downright despondent ever since," one of the students said to her friends as Harry passed by. "We haven't caught either of them hiding out in one of our lockers in days."

"I wish it had taken something less severe than a murder to make them act like normal people," one of the others sighed. "Oh, did you notice that they patched up that peephole in our change room?"

"Finally," the first one muttered.

"I did that," Hermione whispered. Looking at Rias, she asked, "Why did that even exist?"

"I honestly don't know," the redhead replied. "It would have been fixed eventually, but thank you for taking care of it."

"Excuse me," a girl said as they passed by her, and they all paused, realizing that it was Aika. "Are you Sirius' son?"

"Godson," Harry replied, smiling at her. "You're Haruka's daughter, I take it?"

"I am," Aika smiled. "Aika Kiryuu, it's a pleasure to meet you."

"Harry Potter," Harry rumbled, taking her hand in his and pressing his lips to her knuckles, grinning when he felt her lust spike.

He had felt her more than he saw her in the weeks since he started going to Kuoh Academy. Her desire became palpable every time she laid eyes on him, something that he'd found mostly flattering so far, but as he peered into her yellow eyes and saw them turn black with lust, he wondered if there wasn't more to it than simple attraction and took a quick glimpse at her surface thoughts.

"Holy fuck, his hands are huge," Aika thought to himself. "Fitting for a guy with such a big dick; he's like something out of an interracial porno, a big, hulking foreign guy who would just totally destroy my poor little pussy. I swear, if I thought she'd go for it, I'd offer to worship Rias just for a taste. I'd be their slave for a night if it meant I could feel every fucking inch of him rearranging my guts. I'd never be the same again."

Harry barely resisted the urge to groan at that, genuinely taken aback by the extent of her fantasies about him, and when Hermione cleared her throat, he was grateful for the distraction.

"I don't know if you've met my friends yet," he said. "These are Hermione Granger and Luna Lovegood."

"We've met briefly," Aika nodded. "You guys all live in that giant Rook, right?"

"Yeah, that's our place," Luna smiled. "After our parents were murdered last year, Sirius took us in. Fleur, Rias, Akeno, Koneko, Kiba, and Gasper live with us too."

"Huh?" Aika asked, rearing back.

"Remember how we've discussed having tact before, Luna?" Hermione asked dryly, and the blonde looked at her sheepishly. "Suffice it to say the people responsible were brought to justice, and leave it at that."

"I'm so sorry," Aika sighed. "My dad he...he was hit by a car when I was a kid. I know, at least somewhat, what that's like."

"We should get to our homerooms," Akeno piped up, and Aika jolted, noticing the time.

"Care to share?" Rias purred, and Harry chuckled awkwardly.

"Let's just say if that one ever summons us, it will be for one thing," Harry whispered, and both his wife and Akeno looked intrigued.

"A topic for another time," Hermione murmured, and they nodded, following her as she made her way to the first classroom of the day.

"It's not like I have time to consider the potential implications of my godfather's girlfriend having a daughter who wants to sleep with me right now," Harry thought to himself. After all, he had far more important things to think about just then, most of which wouldn't come until after school ended.

*****

"I must admit, Japan is bloody beautiful," Harry murmured to himself, and Akeno, invisible and hiding a few feet away from him, chuckled.

"I've been to quite a few countries over the years, to say nothing of the numerous parts of the Underworld that I've visited, and few have ever really held a candle to it, at least for me," she replied. "Rias' obsession was sparked by how much she liked Souji Okita as a girl, but she truly fell in love with it after visiting Kyoto for the first time."

"Was he her first crush?" Harry asked, curious, and Akeno giggled.

"Jealous?" she teased, making him roll his eyes.

"Hardly," Harry replied dryly, and he could practically feel her pout at him not playing along.

"If he was, it was before I met her," Akeno replied. "By the time we met, she'd discovered how much she liked girls. Needless to say, it didn't take long for her to suggest that we practice kissing. Practice kissing then turned into…"

"Nothing I need to think about right now," Harry muttered, making her giggle. "Three o'clock."

"I see her," Akeno nodded. "Just pretend I'm not even here."

"It won't be the first time I've wooed a girl with you right there," Harry grinned, waving at Asia as he sensed her spot him.

"I'm sorry I'm late!" the blonde exclaimed, running up to him, only to trip over her own feet.

He was there in an instant, catching her in his arms, and she stared into his eyes, her own wide saucers.

"It's okay," Harry smiled. "I just got here."

"You...thank you," Asia breathed, only to flush scarlet as she realized that she was still in his arms. She pulled back immediately, still blushing, and Harry took a moment to look her up and down.

She was still wearing a nun's habit, the same one that she'd been wearing the day before, if he wasn't wrong, and he wondered if she owned anything else.

"So, how have you found the town so far?" Harry asked.

"It...it's lovely," Asia replied. "I've been moving around for so long now that I hope this ends up being a more permanent home for me."

"As I said before, I've been living here for months now, and I've come to quite like it," Harry smiled. "So is there anything you think you'd like to see first?"

"I trust you to know best," Asia murmured, looking up into his eyes, and his smile widened.

"Well, in that case, we can start with a nearby park," Harry said, grasping the small of her back and gesturing outward.

She shivered at his touch, and he grinned when he felt a spark of desire in her, only to wince when he began to feel a headache coming on.

"Is something wrong?" Asia asked, noticing his grimace, and he felt it disappear at once.

"She was probably praying silently for forgiveness for thinking unclean thoughts," he thought to himself, deciding to keep the touching to a minimum going forward. "No, it's nothing. Come."

He showed her around the nearby park, the very one that Yuuma had killed Issei Hyoudou in, and was glad that she didn't seem to know about that at all.

"So when did you learn to speak Japanese?" Harry asked, leading her through a stretch of the park that was more densely wooded.

"Earlier this year," Asia replied. "I...met some people back in Italy who suggested that it might be a good fit for me. What made you come here?"

"My wife has lived here for years," Harry replied, and Asia skidded to a halt.

"You're married?" she asked, sounding more shocked than disappointed, though there were hints of that too. "But you're…"

"So young?" Harry asked. "Her family is very traditional, and as we fell in love, she made it clear that they would want us to wed sooner rather than later."

"Congratulations," Asia smiled. "The girls that you were with the other day...is one of them…"

"No, Fleur and Luna are close friends of mine," Harry replied. "She's named Rias, and I'm sure you'll meet her soon enough."

"She's a very lucky woman," Asia smiled, only to immediately blush heavily again and start praying silently for coveting a married man.

Harry did his best not to react to that, even as the close proximity to the praying nun gave him a headache, and was grateful when she, spotting the fountain that Issei had been murdered in front of, stopped and stared at it.

"I've loved fountains since I was a little girl," Asia sighed. "When I realized that I was going to have to leave Italy, I feared that wherever I ended up might not have any."

"Have to?" Harry asked, and she sighed.

"You spoke Italian so well when we met that I didn't question it, but 'Potter' is an English name, is it not?" Asia asked, changing the subject.

"It is," Harry nodded. "I'm from England originally. When we met, my wife, then just my girlfriend, and I were there on business."

"What sort of business?" Asia asked, curious.

"Her brother's best friend needed some help with something, and she and I took care of it," Harry replied.

"How did you meet?" Asia asked before looking stricken. "I'm sorry if I'm bothering you with all the questions; it's just that I don't often…"

"You aren't," Harry chuckled. "Rias and I actually met because I needed help. I had been entered into a contest that I was wholly unsuited for and I couldn't pull out. Luna managed to put me in contact with her and I reached out to see if she could assist me, which it turned out that she could."

"So helping random people is just something that she does?" Asia asked.

"You could say it's a family occupation," Harry smiled. "If you need anything, I'm sure that I could ask on your behalf."

"I…" Asia went to reply when her stomach gurgled loudly, making her look down at herself in mortification.

"How about we grab something to eat," Harry chuckled, and she nodded, too embarrassed to speak.

"Goodness gracious, this smells amazing!" she exclaimed a while later, staring down at the large bowl of tonkotsu ramen he'd ordered for her. "The broth looks so thick and luxurious; I imagine it's been thickened with cream."

"Actually, it's made by boiling pork bones at high heat for several hours, topping up the water as needed," Harry replied. "The process breaks down the fat, collagen and everything else in the bones, giving you that kind of cloudy, thick broth. It's completely unlike how the French make broth, but it is awesome."

Fleur and Rias had discussed the dish at great length the other week after she took them to one of her favorite restaurants so they could all try it.

"Do you want any?" Asia asked. "I'd feel strange eating alone. This egg, at least…"

"Oh, that you don't want to share, trust me," Harry chuckled, snagging a piece of pork from the bowl and sipping his tea. "Thank you."

"You've been so kind and generous to me," Asia whispered, blinking repeatedly as she felt her eyes tear up.

"You seem like you could use a little generosity right now," Harry said softly, and she nodded, digging into her meal and trying not to moan in pleasure at how good it tasted.

He sat there quietly, sipping his tea as she devoured the entire thing, demonstrating just how hungry she was.

"Forgive me for being so gluttonous," Asia said as she finished, growing embarrassed at the realization of just how quickly she'd eaten. "I've been living on limited rations for so long…"

"Why?" Harry asked, figuring this angle of questioning might work. "I might not be all that familiar with the Catholic Church, but they don't strike me as being low on funds."

"Right, being from England, you'd be a protestant," Asia nodded.

"I grew up in an Anglican house," Harry murmured. "Try not to hold that against me too much."

Asia went to protest when she saw him smiling and relaxed, realizing that he was joking.

"I'm not...with the church anymore," she replied, her voice barely a whisper, and he leaned in closely.

"Do you want to talk about it?" Harry asked, and she nodded.

"Do you remember back in Catanzaro, when you saw me healing that boy and asked if I was a witch?" Asia whispered.

"I do," Harry nodded. "I didn't mean that as an insult, just to be clear."

"That's...my gift, something that I've been able to do since I was a girl," Asia whispered. "It's a gift from the Lord, or so I've always thought."

"When did you first discover it?" Harry asked.

"When I was eight," Asia replied. "My parents...they couldn't take care of me...I guess, and they left me outside of a church when I was a baby. I was raised by nuns in a convent, and one day a badly injured dog limped inside. He'd been hit by a car, I think, and they all thought he was going to die. He was so cute and in so much pain, and I just...I started praying by his side, asking God to save him. I prayed and prayed, as I'd never prayed before, and after a moment, my hands started to glow green."

"Your power manifested," Harry murmured, and she nodded.

"The dog, who ended up being a lost pet named Enzo, made a full recovery," Asia smiled, her eyes growing misty at the memory. "It was a miracle, and the Mother Superior, realizing that I had been blessed by the Lord, reached out to the local bishop. After that I began to move around Italy, being brought to various churches to heal the wounded. It was the happiest time of my life; I was able to help others, using my God-given gift to its fullest, and I decided when I was twelve that I was going to become a nun properly as soon as I could, never wanting to leave that life."

"What happened?" Harry asked, and she clenched her eyes shut. When she started to cry, he took her hands in his and hit her with a mild calming charm. "It's okay; you can talk to me."

"Not long after last Christmas, I was moved from Catanzaro up to Milan," Asia replied, her voice sounding hollow. "I had been there numerous times, and it's a truly beautiful city. Everything seemed normal, and when, one day, I spotted a clearly wounded man outside of the convent I'd been staying at, I treated him like I had countless others. A pair of the sisters happened to spot me as I was finishing up and called me back in, but just then, a pair of bat-like wings sprang from the mans' back and he flew off into the air."

"He was a devil?" Harry asked before he could top himself, and Asia looked up at him in shock and fear.

"I'm not a witch!" she exclaimed, drawing a few strange looks from other tables. "I swear."

After casting a silencing charm around the table, he said, "I don't think you are, and even if I did, I wouldn't think badly of you."

"You...wouldn't?" Asia asked, sounding so hopeful it was honestly sad.

"Of course not," Harry breathed, taking one of her hands in his again and gently stroking her palm. "They did, though, didn't they?"

"They couldn't fathom how a gift given by the Lord could allow someone to heal a creature of evil," Asia whispered, not trusting her voice as she remembered the terrible day. "Suddenly they began to wonder if I wasn't in league with them, having been given a mockery of holy power so I could infiltrate the church and destroy it from within."

"That's insane," Harry muttered, and she shrugged.

"It's what they suspected," Asia sighed. "Suddenly, women I had known for years looked at me like I was evil; they began reaching out to the bishop for help, and I knew that I had to flee. I ran and I've been running ever since."

"Asia, I'm so sorry," Harry said, and she smiled sadly.

"It's a test of my faith, I know it," Asia murmured. "I've not let it break that or me."

"You're strong," Harry smiled. "Stronger than even you know, I suspect. How did you end up here, though?"

"I met...others who had been excommunicated from the church but still sought to do the will of God," Asia replied. "They let me know about the abandoned church here and said that I could, perhaps, redeem myself by helping it prosper again."

"There's nothing for you to redeem yourself for," Harry insisted. "How many lives did you save in all the years the church used you?"

"They didn't…" Asia went to protest.

"Do you even know?" Harry asked, and she sighed.

"I lost count years ago," Asia admitted.

"And yet, despite all that, they tossed you out on your ear because you saved one person that they didn't like?" Harry asked. "If anything, they should be the ones in need of redemption."

"Harry," Asia breathed, staring up at him in shock.

"How did you remember me?" Harry asked. "We spoke for less than two minutes nearly a year ago."

Asia blushed scarlet at that, looking down, and said, "You...made an impression on me. Excuse me; I need to visit the ladies' room."

"You've almost certainly left an impression on her panties," Akeno whispered in his ear, still completely invisible, and he chuckled. "Watching you like this, it's easy to remember why we all fell in love with you."

"Down, girl," Harry grinned. "What do you think so far?"

"I think she's so innocent that if you told her half of what we did last night, she'd drop dead on the spot," Akeno purred. "Have you poked around in her head yet?"

"Not yet, but I didn't sense any deception coming from her," Harry replied. "I suspect that every word of that was true; she's been pushed into the arms of the fallen by the idiocy of the church, and she very likely doesn't know just who she's ended up in league with."

"Or she does and just doesn't know who else she could turn to," Akeno murmured. "I haven't sensed any angels yet."

"I doubt that they know she's here, or at least, with me," Harry murmured.

"Take a look inside her mind," Akeno commanded. "The way that you handle actually trying to recruit her should be influenced by just how much she does or doesn't know about these angels."

"You think I should try it so soon?" Harry asked.

"I think that that girl already wants you badly and is so desperate for companionship of any kind that she'd leap at just about any safe-for-work offer you made her," Akeno replied, going quiet when she saw Asia emerge from the restroom.

"So who all are you living with right now?" Harry asked as she sat back down.

"Father Sellzen and...a few other lay people of the church," Asia replied, and Harry, hearing the deception in her voice, kept his face blank and peered into her eyes.

"Curious," he thought to himself as he met resistance and felt his head throb.

Asia didn't react; didn't seem to notice at all, in fact, and it took him a moment to realize that the protection didn't come from her but from something that had been placed on her. It hadn't been like trying to get into the mind of a trained occlumens, as he hadn't been kept out entirely, but he'd only gotten to see incoherent thoughts and images.

"You don't sound all that impressed with them," Harry said mildly, realizing his mistake when she gave him a look of horror in response.

"No, I...I just don't know them all that well yet," Asia replied, another lie, and he took a moment to try to piece together what he could of what he'd seen in her mind.

"Raynare; that's her name," he thought to himself as he managed to clarify that much from her thoughts. There were three other angels, he noticed after another moment, and a young priest who honestly seemed even more disturbing than they were.

"Well, I hope this works out for you," Harry said softly. "If things turn out poorly, though, I'm sure that Rias' family would be able to help you."

"All I've ever known is the church," Asia sighed sadly. "This has to work out for me because if it doesn't...I don't know what else I could even do. It will, though; I know that. The Lord might be testing my faith, but I know that he has a plan for me."

"As I say, I hope it does," Harry smiled. "Are you feeling better?"

"Much, thank you," Asia replied, smiling at him again. "I needed a good meal in me, and...it was really nice being able to talk to you about all of that. You're a good listener."

"I know what it's like to have your whole life upturned by things out of your control," Harry sighed, and she furrowed her brow in confusion.

"I can be a pretty good listener too," Asia offered, making him smile.

"How about we take another walk, and I can tell you about it while we're out?" Harry asked, and she smiled, standing up. Leading her out of the restaurant, he said, "It all started when my parents ended up in the crosshairs of a truly terrible man."

*****

"You killed him?" Asia asked in shock a while later as he finished giving her a highly abridged and edited version of his life's story.

"I had no choice," Harry replied. "He was never going to stop coming for me and hurting innocent people in the process. The police deemed it self-defense and then I moved here to be with Rias."

"I'm just surprised," Asia said, still sounding disturbed.

"It wasn't easy," Harry lied, having found killing Voldemort to be the most straightforward thing he'd ever done in his life, "but in the end, I replaced evil with death and thereby saved the lives of everyone else he would have ever killed."

"You sound like Father Sellzen," Asia said softly.

"Oh?" Harry asked, cocking an eyebrow at her.

"He's an exorcist, or he was an exorcist," Asia replied, and Harry could feel Akeno grow tense behind him.

"The church excommunicated an exorcist?" he asked, confused, and Asia sighed.

"I don't know exactly why," she replied. "My guess would be that he accidentally targeted someone innocent. He can be very...zealous."

"Well, I can say definitively that I've never willingly hurt anyone innocent," Harry said and Asia smiled.

"I believe you," she replied. "You...you seem like a very good person. I love the look of these houses."

"I've grown rather fond of the architecture," Harry murmured. "It reminds me a little of…"

A bloodcurdling scream echoed out from one of the houses down the street, cutting him off, and Harry immediately moved in front of Asia.

"Oh, God!" she exclaimed.

"Asia, stay here," Harry commanded. "You'll be kept safe."

"By what?" Asia asked but he paid her no heed, running towards the house the scream had come from.

Casting a quick Homenum Revelio, he grimaced when he saw that there were two living people in the house, only for one of those signatures to disappear.

"This looks like such a sleepy little town too," he thought to himself, sneaking around the house and turning himself invisible once he was out of Asia's line of sight. He silenced his shoes as well and went inside, hoping that Akeno had gotten his less-than-subtle hint to protect the nun.

"Oh, dead already?" he heard a thoroughly amused voice ask. "That's a shame; I was just getting started having fun with you, you devil-worshiping scum."

"I think I might have met the exorcist," Harry thought to himself as he snuck around the corner and saw a white-haired man in rather old-fashioned-looking grey vestments standing over the body of a man bleeding out from his severed leg.

In the corner lay a summoning flyer, and the lit candles and pentagram drawn on the floor denoted a man who clearly didn't realize just how easy it was to use those. Harry didn't recognize him, and hadn't been the one to give him that flyer, but a single glance around the room was enough to make it clear just why this priest had seen fit to kill him.

"See, the day of the Lord is coming," the priest chuckled, "a cruel day, with wrath and fierce anger, to make the land desolate and destroy the sinners within it."

"Alright, so just stun the lunatic, question him extensively, and see what he knows about…" Harry went to think to himself when, faster than he would have thought possible for a simple human, the priest turned around and fired a single shot from the pistol he'd been holding.

Agony erupted in his right knee as the bullet shattered the cap, tearing through the rest of it with ease, and he screamed as he fell to his side. His control over his invisibility slipped as the searing pain assaulted his senses and he felt fear grip him as the priest grinned down at him.

"I couldn't see you; I couldn't hear you, but I could smell the stench of hell on you, devil," he spat, drawing his sword. "I'm going to enjoy this."

"A light sword," Harry thought, his dread growing at the sight. The blade was made of pure condensed light, its edge sharper than anything one could manage with steel and its sting utterly deadly. A fatal wound from a blade like that, he knew, wouldn't just kill him but would destroy his soul.

"Were you who his degenerate sinner was trying to summon?" the priest asked. "The only thing better than slaughtering the lost souls who call out to you filthy beasts is putting you down too. I'm going to carve out your heart and feed it to the next devil I find. Won't that be fun?"

"You're fucking nuts, Sellzen," Harry spat, smirking when the priest looked surprised.

"You've heard of me?" Sellzen asked. "How flattering. It's always nice to meet a fan."

"There's an idea," Harry grinned, looking to the ceiling fan behind him.

Before the priest could see what he was doing, he transfigured it into an eagle and bade it attack him. It shrieked and sank its talons into his shoulders, making him scream in pain, and he slashed over his head as he shot at Harry, who flew out of the way just in time, transfiguring the chairs and tables around them into chimpanzees and sending them against him. One of them ripped his gun out of his hand, tossing it aside, while the others all began to try to beat him. Harry summoned the gun into his mokeskin pouch, wanting to keep it away from the bastard, and watched as he made short work of his transfigured animals.

"He's exceptionally well-trained," Harry thought to himself, doing his best to ignore the agony in his ruined knee as Sellzen dodged and weaved around the chimps, slicing each in half one by one.

He'd taken injuries for sure, deep gouges in his back and at least one significant bruise on his chin, but they didn't seem to faze him at all.

"Cheap tricks from a cheap monster," he snarled once he was done, and Harry was about to launch a barrage of spells at him when he sensed something that gave him pause.

"If she doesn't know what sort of monsters she's working with, this would work better than words could," he thought as he realized that Asia was coming to investigate. "Akeno will keep her safe; I can trust that, so this might be my best move."

His mind made up, he let himself slump down, looking more tired than he was.

"All out of steam already?" Sellzen grinned, sadistic glee warring with rage in his unsettling red eyes. "I'm going to enjoy flaying the skin from your bones, boy."

"Father Sellzen, what are you...oh, my God!" Asia shrieked, her stomach lurching at the sight of the corpse in the corner. "Harry, you're hurt!"

"You know this wretched devil, Asia?" Sellzen asked, glaring at her, and Asia looked at him in confusion.

"Devil?" she asked.

"It's true," Harry replied, revealing his wings, and she gasped, her hands going to her mouth.

"See, girl, this is the sort of beast we kill," Sellzen grinned, "him and the sinners who summon them."

"You...you murdered this man?" Asia asked, horrified.

"He was a filthy wretch, a soul so lost he sought to turn to hell," Sellzen spat. "He deserved to die more slowly than he did, though I guess I can just make this devil's death slow and painful enough to make up for it."

"Asia, see what he is?" Harry asked. "These people you've fallen in with, they're monsters, murderers, and goodness knows what else. You're not like them, though; you're good, and you seek to help others, not brutalize them. I'm a devil, yes, but I'm nothing like them either."

"Oh, I see," Sellzen chuckled. "You've sought to corrupt our innocent little nun here? Did he manage it, Asia?"

"What?" Asia asked, her heart pounding in her chest as she looked between her friend, who was apparently a devil, and the priest, who looked and sounded more evil than she thought he could ever be just then.

"Did you let him into your bed?" Sellzen asked, and she gaped at him like a fish. "Raynare needs you alive, but if you've sullied yourself with this spawn of hell, I don't see any reason why I can't make use of you before I return you to her."

"A murderer and a rapist," Harry nodded, his desire to kill the man growing by the moment.

"I...you...you're insane!" Asia cried, backing away from him until her back was against the wall.

"That's not a denial," Sellzen sighed, shaking his head. "Well, devil, looks like I'm going to have to make this quicker than I wanted. I have another sinner to punish."

Before he managed to take another step, Akeno, who had managed to keep herself completely hidden from him while he was so distracted by Harry and Asia, blasted him with a bolt of yellow lightning that sent him flying into the wall next to her lover, who stunned the madman before he hit the ground.

"Can you stand?" she asked, rushing to him, and Harry simply flew up into the air towards Asia, who had slumped to the ground, looking shellshocked as she stared at the dead body across from her.

"Why, Lord?" she asked, tears streaming down her face. "What did I do to offend you so? I only ever wanted to help others."

"You still can," Harry said softly, landing next to her and resting a hand on hers. "You have this incredible ability to heal people. You don't need the church, or the angels, or even God to help them."

"Oh, your leg!" Asia exclaimed, remembering how badly wounded Harry was and reaching for him immediately. "I'm so sorry, Harry. I'm so sorry."

"It's not your...oh, wow," Harry breathed, watching as she got to work.

Her hands, hovering over his gaping wound, began to glow green, and before his eyes, the soft tissue, skin, and even bone knitted itself together in seconds.

"Holy shit," Akeno muttered. "That's incredible."

"Right?" Harry asked, standing up and offering Asia his hand. "Thank you, Asia."

She took his hand, and as he pulled her to her feet, she stared up into his eyes.

"How are you a devil?" she asked. "You're the nicest person I've met in ages, the first one to show me true kindness in so long."

"No one group of people is entirely good or entirely evil," Harry replied. "I'm sure there are genuinely good priests out there, for instance, but Sellzen certainly isn't one of them."

"Neither are the angels we've been working for," Asia sighed. "I tried not to notice how cruel they were, convinced that they were a test from God, but...they're terrible, and he's almost worse. I have nowhere to go and no one left now."

"You have me," Harry said softly, looking over and watching as Akeno finished tying the priest up. "What I said before, about Rias's family being able to help you if you want, I wasn't lying."

"Would I have to...turn my back on God?" Asia asked.

"No, but we'd both appreciate if you stopped calling him by name," Akeno muttered, earning a look of confusion from Asia.

"It causes us temporary headaches," Harry replied.

"Oh, Go….goodness," Asia winced. "Sorry."

"You didn't know," Harry shrugged. "Asia, this is Akeno Himejima, Akeno, this is Asia Argento."

"A pleasure," Akeno grinned, picking up the priest with one hand.

"Wow, you're really strong," Asia breathed. "What happens now?"

"Now, we get this piece of shit back home for questioning and report the murder to the police," Akeno replied.

"Are you going to kill him?" Asia asked.

"If we let him go, how many innocent people would he go on to kill?" Harry asked. "It's like what I told you about Tom Riddle; some people are just too dangerous to be allowed to go on hurting others. This poor man could have had debts he needed help with, or a sick child, or any other number of things that he turned to us for, and for that alone, Sellzen murdered him."

"He also has powerful allies, allies who would not let him stand trial," Akeno added.

"How about this?" Harry asked, "Come with us and listen to his confession. We have a potion that compels people to answer questions honestly, and so he will confess to every terrible thing he's ever done before we're done with him. Listen to that and then we'll revisit this topic, okay?"

"I can't return to the church," Asia sighed. "Raynare and the others would kill me."

"She's suspected in the death of a human boy our age, by the way," Akeno added, and Asia looked at her in horror.

"Wait, the boy found murdered that I read about in the paper, that was her?" she asked. "Why?"

"Perhaps the priest will know," Harry shrugged. "Oh, if you could pick up that sword, I don't want to leave it here, but I doubt touching it myself would be a good idea.

"Oh, right," Asia replied, picking it up.

Harry floated the sheath over to her, and she stuck it in before rejoining them. Akeno teleported them all to the Rookery, only pouting a little bit about the fact that she wouldn't get to torture the priest for information.

*****

"Are you both completely insane?!" Rias hissed a while later, having taken them aside after discovering midway through their interrogation what they'd done. "Jumping into action on your own like that, you could have been killed, and you, Akeno, I expected better from."

"Harry asked me to watch over Asia, and I thought he had the priest well in hand," Akeno replied. "It was only when I realized that he was playing around that I moved in closer, compelling her to come with me."

"I had wondered about that," Harry murmured. "It seemed odd that she just rushed inside the house as she did."

"I thought that was what you were aiming for and figured I'd speed things up so you could stop being stupid," Akeno said.

"No, I just wanted him alive and realized that, sadist that he was, he was more than likely to avoid trying to kill me outright while I tired him out," Harry replied. "That's why I got his gun out of his hand immediately and was about to strike back against him when I sensed Asia and you approaching."

"Have you learned anything useful yet, at least?" Rias replied. "If I'd known about this, I'd have finished my latest contract more quickly."

"Hermione and Luna have been just going over his history for Asia's benefit," Harry replied. "We'll get into the reason why he and he fallen angels are here soon, though. We have plenty of veritaserum, and, thankfully, it's working on him without issue."

"You thought it might not?" Rias asked.

"I was invisible and silent, and he not only sensed me anyway but also managed to whip around and fire a round through my knee with pinpoint accuracy faster than I could blink," Harry muttered. "He's human, but he has to be enhanced in some way."

"That's...disturbing," Rias said, furrowing her brow. "For the record, I'm still mad at both of you, but at least this seems to have worked well so far. Now, let's see our little Judas priest."

"Judas?" Harry asked.

"He was kicked out of the church; it works well enough," Rias shrugged, leading the two of them back into the dungeon.

"This cleric you brought in seems to be delightfully evil, Harry," Gnarl grinned as he spotted him from where he was sitting, just outside the room they had Sellzen in. "He'll have to be put down, of course, being the Dark One's enemy, but afterwards perhaps we could mount his head on a spike as a tribute to a true monster."

"Do I even have to tell you what Hermione's going to say to that?" Harry asked, and the ancient minion sighed, shaking his head.

"...so I cut off his head, ripped off his ears, and stuffed his mouth with garlic," Sellzen explained, his voice utterly monotone.

"He was six!" Hermione exclaimed, horrified.

"He was the spawn of a woman who lay with a devil," Sellzen explained simply.

"Wouldn't the garlic thing be for vampires?" Luna asked, sounding more disturbed than he'd ever heard her before.

"I thought she might be one and acted before we realized she wasn't," Sellzen replied. "Then, for my sixteenth birthday…"

"Stop talking," Hermione muttered, looking over at Asia, who was seated in the corner hugging the garbage bin she'd thrown up into more than once over the course of Sellzen's questioning. Harry had vanished the vomit each time, much to her appreciation.

"How did the church ever employ a monster like you?" she spat.

"They made me," Sellzen replied.

"Freed Sellzen," Rias murmured, reading over the notes Hermione had taken. "I think I've heard that name before, though I can't recall from where."

"I'm sorry, what do you mean they made you?" Harry asked.

"I was a test-tube baby," Sellzen replied. "The Sigurd Institute, a secret research program inside the Vatican, created numerous artificial humans using the genetic material of multiple people related to the great hero Sigurd, hoping to make one capable of wielding the sword Gram."

"Did a man named Valper Galilei work on that project?" Kiba asked, having been watching from the corner since he got back with Rias.

"No," Sellzen replied. "Galilei was part of the Holy Sword Project."

"That was another secret church project that Kiba here is a survivor of," Luna explained to Asia as she looked like she was going to question him.

"Survivor?" Asia asked, both wanting an answer to that question and really not.

"They killed the rest of them," Kiba scowled. "They killed me too, I guess, but Rias saved me by turning me into a devil."

"Nothing in this world makes any sense!" Asia cried, curling up into a ball and crying. "The church is supposed to be a force of good, spreading the word of the Lord to all the masses, not killing children and creating psychotic fake people!"

"As I said before, no group of people is entirely good or entirely evil," Harry said softly, kneeling down next to her and resting a hand on her shoulder.

"But it should be," Asia sobbed. "If God is good...sorry...and the church is an instrument of his will, then it shouldn't be filled to the brim with people like him! They kicked me out for healing a devil but put up with his evil for years by the sound of it, and he's not even the only one."

"Heaven views our kind as an enemy to be exterminated," Rias explained. "We're not much fonder of them, and the Fallen tend to be worse than either faction. Our war isn't as intense as it was at the height of it, but it is ongoing and…"

"Do the devils do anything like the kind of stuff that this monster has confessed to?" Asia demanded, and Hermione handed her notebook to Rias, who quickly read over some of the things she'd jotted down.

"Oh, fuck, no," Rias grimaced, reading through some of the crimes he'd committed. "We have laws and...he was fourteen here?"

"Killed his first man at thirteen," Luna sighed.

"Hell has its laws and Heaven clearly doesn't," Asia spat, standing up.

"To be fair, these factions were kicked out," Luna pointed out.

"Only after they'd already been of use to them, though," Rias countered. "It was the same with the Holy Sword Project, wherein Bishop Galilei tortured and eventually killed children in the hopes of creating more warriors who could wield holy swords against us devils. He was excommunicated, but I'm sure they kept his research."

"Why would the Lord allow this, though?" Asia asked desperately. "Does he not care? Has he gone deaf to us? It's his church, the instrument of his will. How can he allow it to be filled with such evil?"

"We're the wrong ones to ask about him," Rias replied. "We only ever refer to him as the Tyrant, because his name hurts us, but mostly as a show of defiance."

"I think we've heard enough history," Akeno said. "What are the names of the fallen angels in Kuoh?"

"Raynare, Mittelt, Dohnaseek, and Kalawarna," Sellzen replied.

"And what are they doing here?" Akeno asked.

"Raynare was sent to investigate and, if needed, kill a Sacred Gear user," Sellzen replied. "She recruited the others and, eventually me for a separate and personal mission, though. She intends to sacrifice Asia in a ritual meant to let her take Twilight Healing for herself."

"What?!" Asia exclaimed, going even paler than she already had.

"Ritual?" Hermione asked.

"It's something she stole from her master's notes," Sellzen replied. "I don't know the specifics."

"She brought me here to kill me?" Asia asked, breathing heavily. "The church chases me out for healing one person they don't like, and the only ones I find...who say they'll...still let me...live a good life...want to kill me."

"Asia, Asia, breathe," Harry said, taking the hyperventilating girl in his arms. "You're okay, you're...gah!"

He reared back as a burning pain hit his chest and tore open his shirt, trying to find out what was hurting him. Asia looked in horror, seeing the cross-shaped burn mark on his chest, and reached for her own silver crucifix. She tore it off as hard as she could, throwing it across the room and bursting into tears.

"I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I…" she sobbed before fainting and passing out.

The devils stared down at her, each of them feeling deeply sympathetic for the poor, heavily betrayed girl, and Harry sighed, reaching down and picking her up.

"I'll put her to bed in one of our spare rooms," he announced, carrying her out of the room.

"These four angels are based out of the church, yes?" Rias asked.

"They are," Sellzen replied, and she scowled down at the table.

"Akeno, take over the interrogation, extract every bit of knowledge he has about the church, the fallen, and any other programs he'd been part of," Rias commanded. "I want every prominent name he knows, how they connect to each other, where they operate from, and a description of them, and then once you're confident that you've gotten everything useful out of him, kill him. He can serve as fertilizer for our greenhouse."

"Just about the fate he deserves," Kiba scowled.

"You're more than welcome to take over," Hermione muttered. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I think I need a shower."

"Mind if I join you?" Luna asked, following her out as she shook her head.

Harry, meanwhile, had gotten as far as the anteroom with Asia in his arms when he was interrupted by the sudden appearance of a summoning circle in front of him.

"...while contouring is an entirely different matter, one which…'Arry?" Fleur asked.

"I'm going to go out on a limb and guess that's Asia," Koneko said flatly, "unless you've developed a nun fetish, of course."

"I'd be more than happy to dress up and roleplay as an innocent young girl for you to corrupt with your incubus charms," Fleur purred, only to go still when she didn't sense even a hint of arousal from him at that. "Is she alright?"

"Physically? Yes," Harry replied.

"Um, why do you have a cross burned into your chest?" Koneko asked, noticing it.

"He hugged her without noticing the one around her neck," Luna explained.

"She heard the confessions of a truly twisted priest, learned that the fallen angels here brought her over to kill her, and it all proved too much for her," Hermione added. "It nearly proved too much for me, which, given the kind of stuff I've seen over the past year, says a lot."

"Seems like we missed quite the mess," Koneko muttered.

"It's been a long day," Harry sighed. "I'm going to…"

"Gah!" Asia gasped, looking around in shock at her unfamiliar surroundings as she came to, only to relax a little when she saw Harry. Of course, she then spotted the burn mark and practically jumped out of his arms, exclaiming, "I'm so sorry! Just let me get that."

"It's...okay," Harry smiled as she quickly healed him.

Fleur's eyes went wide as saucers at the sight, her mind immediately going to what else the blonde might be able to do for her with that.

"There," Asia sighed before taking a step back and staring down at the floor. "I feel like my whole life has been a lie."

"The rest of it doesn't have to be," Rias purred as she joined them. "You could do a lot of good with us, Asia, and more than that, you could have a real home here, with real friends who wouldn't turn on you on a dime just because you helped the wrong sort of person."

"Also, who wouldn't try to ritually sacrifice you," Luna chimed in.

"Ritually, what now?" Koneko asked.

"A very long day," Harry said.

"I...I refuse to believe that the Lord is somehow bad, and if joining you means fighting him, then I just couldn't do that," Asia replied, and Rias nodded.

"We've been in a borderline detente in our war for longer than any of us have been alive," Rias replied. "You wouldn't be called upon to fight him."

"It's clear that I can't trust the church, something that's going to hurt for a while; I can't rely on the fallen angels either," Asia said, grimacing as she remembered what the priest had said. "What would joining you entail?"

"Taking this," Rias replied, pulling a bishop out of her pocket.

"A chess piece?" Asia asked, confused.

"This is called an evil piece," Rias replied. "With it, I can turn any human, or indeed, any sapient being less powerful than myself into a devil."

"I'd...become one of you?" Asia asked.

"Of the people in this room, only Rias was born a devil," Harry replied.

"With it, you'd become far stronger, live potentially for millennia, and earn yourself a place in Rias' household," Fleur explained.

"Millennia?" Asia asked, blinking in confusion.

"We can be very long-lived creatures," Rias grinned. "Think about how many more people you could help during a lifetime that long."

"Of the three factions, one has rejected me, the other plotted to kill me, while you've all been nothing but kind to me," Asia smiled. "I know that the church teaches us that devils are evil, but I've seen the sort of evil they tolerate and that…"

"Makes you want to question everything else?" Luna asked.

"I can't trust them, any of them, but Harry, I feel like I can trust you," Asia murmured, staring up into his eyes. "Will this be good for me?"

"I think it will," Harry replied. "To be clear, we'll help you out either way, but if you do this, if you join us, we'll give you a kind of life that you've never been permitted. You could join us at Kuoh Academy, make true friends, and live here, having a stable home that you wouldn't be shipped off away from because someone else wanted to use you or kicked out at a moment's notice because you offended us somehow."

"I'll do it," Asia said, her voice resolute as she stared at Rias, who quickly pressed the bishop piece against her chest.

Before she could ask what she was doing, it slipped inside, and she gasped at the feeling. Power the likes of which she'd never known coursed through her, and she staggered back.

"It worked," Rias smiled. "I wanted to see if a bishop would suffice before trying to use a rook."

"I feel...incredible," Asia breathed, giving Fleur a grateful look as she steadied her.

"It will take a little while for you to feel fully normal," Rias murmured. "Koneko, show her to one of the empty bedrooms upstairs and get her settled in."

"Right this way," Koneko said, gesturing for her to follow.

"You have such lovely hair, by the way," Fleur called out. "It seems a shame to hide it, especially now."

"You're right," Asia replied, uncovering her head. "I'm going to need new clothes."

"I'll take you shopping in the morning," Fleur promised.

"I don't have any money, though," Asia winced, and Rias chuckled.

"You're my devil servant now, which means you have access to all the funds you could need," she replied. "We'll take good care of you, Asia, I promise.

"Thank you," Asia sighed, feeling, for the first time in over a year, like she had found somewhere that she might actually belong.

"What are we going to do about the fallen angels?" Harry asked the moment she was upstairs.

"That we're going to begin plotting out now," Rias replied, smiling as Sirius chose that moment to apparate in.

"Everyone looks all serious again," he replied, "and not in the polyjuice sense. Was there another murder?"

"No, but we're going to be executing a priest later," Rias replied. "We're also going to be putting down these angels who have dared to invade my territory once and for all."

"Do you need anything from me?" Sirius asked.

"You're going to be staying here with Gasper and my new bishop, Asia," Rias replied. "Hermione, I want every minion you have out and on guard around this place as well. If they try to strike here while we go to assault the church, I want them to regret it dearly."

"Do you think that's likely?" Hermione asked.

"No, but they are going to notice soon enough that their psycho priest and would-be sacrifice haven't returned," Rias replied, earning a look of disturbed confusion from Sirius.

"Sacrifice?" he asked.

"They were planning to kill Asia, the nun I mentioned before, and take her Sacred Gear," Harry replied. "They really must not have known about the Boosted Gear."

"More's the pity for them," Koneko grinned as she rejoined them. "You did want me to cast a sleeping spell on her, right?"

"Yes," Rias replied, nodding gratefully. "She needs it, and I want her to stay here while we go kill these angels. Akeno's going to be busy for a little while longer, so we'll plot everything out while she finishes questioning Sellzen and then fill her in when she's done and strike. We don't want to wait past this night."

"Lest they come looking for Asia, right," Harry replied.

"I guess that shower can wait," Hermione sighed, and Koneko grinned.

"You'll probably need one after the fight anyway," she said.

"Good point," Luna nodded.

"Can I be the one to execute that son of a bitch?" Kiba asked, joining them. "He's at least as vile as Galilei, possibly even worse."

"You can have the honor if you like," Rias nodded. "Now, I sent my familiar over to get the blueprints of the church from the town hall the moment Sellzen confirmed that that was where they were and she should be back in the moment. Once we have them, we'll begin. These murderous monsters die tonight."

"Or get captured for sacrificial purposes," Luna chimed in. "You have to admit, it would be rather fitting at this point."

"That...will still depend on whether or not it's viable, but I'm not going to pretend that it wouldn't be downright karma," Rias grinned, and Harry did too, hoping, for Asia's sake, that they'd manage it.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Apr 28, 2026
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Markuz Black, Child of the Omnissiah, Top Sun and 147 others
voivode_writer
Apr 28, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 54 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
May 12, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,076
"Alright, so everyone knows their roles?" Rias asked as she finished creating the mental links with all of them. It had been a little while since she'd had one with anyone other than Harry, but if they were going to go into battle and against something more dangerous than a simple stray at that, it would be an invaluable tool.

"Harry, Hermione, and I will move in from the east, and secure the side door," Kiba declared.

"Koneko and I will move from the north and make sure that they don't try to get out through the broken window," Fleur added.

"While you, Luna, and I will take the main door and lead the assault," Akeno murmured. "Are you sure you can do this, Luna?"

"I certainly don't have any qualms about taking down these angels," the blonde replied, her eyes going slightly hollow. "Some of the things that that awful priest confessed to doing…"

"You didn't hear the half of it," Akeno muttered. "He's ready for execution, by the way."

"We'll deal with him before we leave," Rias murmured. "Hermione, how confident are you that this will work?"

"I don't think it's ever been attempted before, and I have no idea if, even should it work, it will have any effect on the angels, but the test went well enough, so it's possible," Hermione replied.

"These four have no reason as yet to think that they're going to be attacked, and Akeno, Luna, and I should be able to draw their attention to us enough that they hopefully won't notice you three," Rias grinned. "If it works, great; if not, we'll probably have to put them down."

"I'm sure we'll be able to find other sacrifices," Luna murmured. "This world has no shortage of terrible people...as I keep discovering."

Fleur hugged her as she sighed, and she smiled at her despite everything.

"Even then, we only need to take three of them alive," Akeno pointed out.

"They all might have knowledge that the Satans could find useful, though," Harry countered. "How often do the devils manage to capture angels alive, anyway?"

"It was more common at the height of the war," Rias murmured. "It's rare for the factions to act so boldly against each other these days, but these four encroached on my territory and murdered a human. They should never have come here, and I fully intend to make them regret it."

"Plus, what they're doing now is completely unsanctioned by the Grigori," Fleur piped up. "Per their orders, they should have left the moment they finished killing Issei Hyoudou, and if they had, they never would have ended up risking confrontation with us."

"I'll let Lady Serafall deal with the fallout of this, should there be any," Rias murmured. "Sona's already agreed to pass on my message to her."

"They've been in Kuoh for far too long," Harry scowled. "Let's show them why they never should have interfered in Gremory territory."

Rias grinned and took his hand, saying, "Well put. Kiba, if you could grab the prisoner?"

"Gladly," the blonde scowled, flying off.

He returned a moment later with a struggling, squirming Freed Sellzen, who was practically foaming at the mouth as he snarled at them.

"Do you filthy beasts think my death will accomplish anything?" he spat, watching as Rias conjured thick plastic sheets that she spread around the room and Akeno conjured a wooden block. "God's wrath will root you monsters out eventually! You will…"

"Oh, do shut up," Fleur sighed, conjuring a ball gag, which quickly wrapped around his head.

The priest gave her a look that was equal parts furious and incredulous, only to grunt as Kiba forced him down over the block.

"For more crimes than I'd care to list, I, Rias Gremory, sentence you to death," Rias declared. "Kiba?"

"I thought you'd never ask," Kiba muttered, summoning a sword and slicing off Sellzen's head with one smooth stroke.

It rolled off onto the plastic below, blood gushing from the gaping wound where it had been, and they all breathed a sigh of relief at having seen the wretched human breathe his last. They'd all tangled with their share of evil monsters through the years, but Freed Sellzen had been something disturbingly unique, and the world was undoubtedly better off without him.

"I'm just saying, Dark One, if we made a sconce of his skull, it might brighten up the basement a little," Gnarl tittered, and Hermione closed her eyes slowly, surprised that she was even considering it.

"You know what? To hell with it," she muttered, picking up the mad priest's head and tossing it to Gnarl. "Make a decoration of him if you will. The rest of you are to turn him into fertilizer for the greenhouse."

"Excellent, Ma'am," Gnarl grinned as the other minions cheered and set about dismembering the corpse.

"I don't want a drop of blood getting on the floor!" Hermione called out.

"I'm surprised you indulged him," Rias murmured, and the brunette sighed.

"Other than Crouch and the others who murdered my parents and Luna's father, I don't think I've ever hated anyone quite as much as I grew to hate that man as I heard his confession," Hermione said. "I honestly wonder if we shouldn't have suggested that Asia wait outside and then just let her read through a selection of his confessions."

"I honestly didn't think he'd turn out to be quite as twisted as he is," Harry sighed, "and you might have a point, but at the end of the day, some bandages are best ripped off."

"She has an inner strength to her that I think will carry her through this," Rias murmured, "though she'll inevitably need help, which we will, of course, give her. Sirius, if she wakes up, could you make sure that she doesn't come down here until the minions are done?"

"Will do," Sirius replied. "Good luck, all of you."

"Thank you," Harry replied as the others smiled at him.

He had sat and watched as they came up with their battle plan, amazed by just how much Harry had grown in the last year, and didn't have a single objection to Sellzen's execution, having read through some of his confessions. The man was evil; there was no doubt about that, and killing him was more than justified. As he watched them all teleport out, he went upstairs, figuring that he should cast a wardline on Asia's door to make sure that, if she left her room, he'd know and be able to stop her from going downstairs, though as he reached the top, he heard a scream and ran.

"Are you alright?" he asked, rushing into the blonde's room, and she went silent at the sight of him, her big green eyes going wide with fear.

"Who are you?" Asia asked. "Where's Harry?"

"I'm Sirius Black," Sirius replied, "Harry's…"

"Godfather," Asia replied, "oh, I'm sorry, I need to stop saying that word around…"

"I'm not a devil," Sirius chuckled, "and you are, so you'd have gotten the headache if godfather counted. It's just the name itself that causes devils problems; even using it as a descriptor is fine for you."

"I...wait, we're speaking English," Asia murmured.

"My mother tongue," Sirius replied. "I speak Japanese too and have gotten rather used to using it, but I still switch to English often enough at home.

"But I don't…" Asia said in confusion.

"They didn't explain this part, I take it," Sirius murmured. "One of the many gifts that you've been given as a devil is what they call 'speaking in tongues.' As Harry described it, devils know, speak, and read all languages, something that Lucifer made sure they could do to better let them...interact with humans."

"Oh, wow," Asia breathed. "Wait, that means I can speak Greek now...I struggled with it so much more than Latin."

"Did you have a nightmare?" Sirius asked softly, and she nodded.

"I doubt I'll have anything but for a while," Asia sighed. "My life became so awful so quickly. If I hadn't met Harry, I...I'd have died here, betrayed by people I thought I could trust."

"He's a good guy," Sirius smiled, and she nodded.

"He told me a little about you," Asia said. "You were his parents' friend and were falsely imprisoned."

"I was," Sirius sighed. "Missed out on a great many years with him because of that, and he...well, he ended up finding people he could trust in the end."

"The devils," Asia nodded. "Oh, I hate to ask, but I have a crucifix that I removed earlier and…"

"I already picked it up for you," Sirius said, fishing it out of his mokeskin pouch. "You know that you can't touch it, right?"

"I know, but...if I could get a small box of some kind to put it in, I'd like to hold onto it," Asia sighed. "It was a gift from Mother Elizabetta, the mother superior at the first convent I lived in. I was so happy back then."

"You will be again, trust me there," Sirius replied, conjuring a small wooden chest and placing the crucifix inside it. As he shut it and placed it on her side table, he added, "I know what it's like to have your whole world ripped away from you, and so I can tell you with some authority that it is possible to move on even after that."

"How?" Asia asked. "How do I stop feeling like I'm drowning in it all?"

"By letting those around you help keep you afloat," Sirius replied. "This new life that Rias gave you comes with some pretty special people who will all be more than happy to let you lean on them for as long as you need to."

"Thank you," Asia replied. As she did, she realized something that she should have sooner and said, "Wait, I thought you said you weren't a devil. How did you do that?"

"I'm a wizard," Sirius replied, showing off the wand he'd carefully kept hidden in the sleeve of his robes. "Harry was one too before Rias turned him into a devil, just as Hermione, Luna, and Fleur were witches."

"That's why he asked if I was a witch back in Catanzaro," Asia breathed. "Thank you for being so nice to me."

"Any friend of Harry's in a friend of mine," Sirius smiled.

"Um, is there anything here I could eat?" Asia asked. "I was rather violently ill earlier listening to...I probably shouldn't think about it. I'm suddenly famished, though."

"There's plenty of food, though you might want to wait a few minutes before going downstairs," Sirius replied. "The minions are cleaning up that psycho priest's remains."

"So they did execute him," Asia nodded. Her face darkened, and she looked down as she said, "He was a horrible, horrible man."

"He was," Sirius nodded, "but he's gone now, and he can't hurt anyone else. The fallen angels he was working with will be joining him soon enough."

"Harry and the others...they've gone to attack the church?" Asia asked, suddenly worried. "Do you think they can handle them?"

"They outnumber them, for one thing," Sirius replied, "and they've taken down their share of monsters in the past. Did Harry tell you about Voldemort?"

"Who?" Asia asked.

"The man who killed his parents," Sirius clarified, and the blonde furrowed her brow in confusion.

"He said he was named Tom Riddle," Asia said, and Sirius chuckled.

"That was his given name, but for reasons really not worth getting into, he hated the name and chose a pseudonym," Sirius replied. "He was an exceedingly powerful wizard, one that terrorized our entire community for years, and Harry was the one who put him down in the end."

"He's a hero," Asia sighed.

"I'll go check and see if they're done, and then you can help yourself to anything we have," Sirius said, and she smiled.

"Thank you," Asia murmured. "Thank you so much."

Sirius nodded and left her alone, thinking, "Even by the standards of everyone here, that one's going to need some help. Rias and Harry have a real talent for finding and taking in wounded birds. They honestly remind me of Charlus and Dorea sometimes."

He smiled at that, remembering James' parents and how they'd taken him in when he needed help without a second thought. As he reached the bottom of the stairs, he saw that the body had already been taken care of and that Gasper was standing in the middle of the entirely blood-free plastic sheets, wiping his lips.

"Gasper?" he asked, and the timid boy squeaked, going to rush back to his box before stopping and taking a breath.

"Hi, Sirius," Gasper replied, trying to remain calm, something that he found his little snack seemed to have made easier. "I was just cleaning up."

"I take it the minions are finished?" Sirius asked, and he nodded.

"They took the body parts off to the greenhouse once they drained the priest of blood," Gasper replied, vanishing the plastic sheets. "How's the new girl doing?"

"She's going to need some time," Sirius replied. "She also needs a snack, and I just came down here to see how the cleanup was going."

"All clear," Gasper nodded. "If you'll excuse me, I'm going to go back to my box."

"As you will," Sirius nodded, turning back towards the stairs. "Thanks to the dementors, I'll probably never have kids of my own, but it's nice to know that I would have been good with them if I had."

*****

"Team two in position," Harry called out through the mental link.

"Team three in position," Fleur added.

"Good," Rias said. "Any sign of trouble yet?"

"They seem to be completely unaware of our presence," Hermione replied. "There are four of them in there, so at least we don't have to worry about hunting down any of them."

"I sense that as well," Rias nodded. "Fleur, Koneko, if any of them get out, I'm counting on you to send them back in. Harry, Hermione, Kiba, wait for my signal."

"Will do," Harry nodded, and she grinned.

"Let's deal with these feathered invaders," Rias whispered, "once and for all."

She, Akeno, and Luna rushed forward, and as they reached the front door to the church, she destroyed it with a flick of her wrist.

"What the...you dare come here?" Raynare hissed, looking at Rias in shock.

"You're the one who doesn't belong here, Raynare," the crimson-haired beauty replied, earning a look of surprise from her.

"They know your name, Raynare," Mittelt grinned. "Someone's been loose-lipped. Kalawarna, did you have too much to drink last night?"

"Your priest told us who you were," Akeno scowled, wanting nothing more than to turn the four of them to dust.

"What?" Raynare hissed.

"If it makes you feel any better, he didn't want to," Luna replied, "but we have ways of making people talk."

"In all my centuries I've never heard anyone speak about torture with such an airy tone," Dohnaseek murmured, looking at her in surprise.

"Torture?" Luna asked, blinking in confusion.

"Listen, you little devil brat," Raynare hissed, "I didn't come here to pick a fight with you or the Sitri girl, but I'm not leaving until I've gotten what I want."

"Asia, I know," Rias replied, earning four wide-eyed looks from them. "I can understand why you were so intrigued by her; her power is so useful, after all, but when I heard from Sellzen about your plans, I decided that she'd make a far better devil than a sacrificial pawn for some angel."

"You little cunt!" Raynare growled. "Do you have any idea how long I've been plotting to take a sacred gear like that?"

"I'd suggest you find another one, but you're not going to get a chance," Rias glared.

"That's where you're wrong," Raynare hissed. "Lucifer's little sister or not, I'll be damned if I let a fucking child of a devil ruin my plans. I'll have her twilight healing, even if I have to tear it from her winged corpse!"

She conjured a red spear of light and hurled it right at Rias, who side-stepped it easily and replied with a ball of crimson destruction.

"Fuck!" Kalawarna exclaimed, barely flying out of the way of it.

Dohnaseek and Mittelt went for Akeno together, who effortlessly dodged out of the way of their spears and blasted the diminutive blonde into the altar with a bolt of yellow lightning.

"That...felt weirdly like Lord Baraqiel's power," Kalawarna thought to herself in confusion before disregarding it entirely.

The strange blonde girl that they'd brought with them appeared to be in the middle of casting some sort of spell, looking like she was barely paying attention to anything, and the buxom angel grinned, summoning a spear of holy light and hurling it right at her. It impaled her right in the chest, piercing her heart, and before Kalawarna could wonder why she seemed to have no reaction to that, the illusion dissipated.

"That wasn't very nice," Luna murmured behind her, casting Cone of Cold right at her back.

Kalawarna shrieked in pain, feeling her wings freeze immediately, and as she plummeted to the floor, she looked up in horror as a giant spectral fist appeared and slammed right into her.

"Kalawar...gah!" Mittelt cried as Akeno managed to land a hit.

She responded by hurling a half-dozen spears at her in rapid succession and grinned when one of them sliced her shoulder. The purple-eyed devil barely seemed to notice, though, and responded with more lightning that she was forced to block. Rias, meanwhile, was taking on both Raynare and Dohnaseek together, effortlessly destroying everything that they threw her way. She kept her own attacks to a minimum, wanting them to think that they were keeping her on the defensive, and grinned when she saw the one Luna was fighting struggling against conjured vines that were threatening to wrap her up.

The question of who to take with them for the main assault was one that she struggled with, as she knew that she and Akeno were powerful enough to hold their own against at least three of them and didn't want to bring someone like Koneko, who would, in combination with them, overpower the four enough to make them seek to flee from the start. Eventually she settled on Luna, who had proven to be quite versatile in battle. Her obsession with the spellbooks from other worlds had given her a rather varied set of attacks, while her ability to shield herself from enemy attacks was greater than Harry's, Hermione's, or Fleur's.

Seeing that Luna and Akeno had their respective angels well distracted and that hers were utterly focused on trying to overpower them, she decided that it was time to test out their big idea and see if it worked.

"Harry, Hermione, Kiba, now!" she said, and the three of them moved into action immediately, their dart guns held at their sides.

Inspired by Sellzen's light gun, Harry had suggested, when they spoke about possible ways to take these four in alive, that they use darts filled with a substance able to knock them out. She had dismissed it out of hand, knowing that the constitutions of angels were far beyond those of mortals and that anything they used would likely fail, though when he said specifically what he wanted to try, it made her wonder.

"I do have a few dart guns that I acquired as part of a contract," Kiba piped up. "Do we even have this potion on hand, though?"

"I think I have everything I need for it, and I know that it takes a couple hours," Hermione replied. "I could probably pull it off, and I imagine that Akeno is going to be questioning that vile priest for a while longer."

"Do it," Rias nodded. "It's worth a shot, and, if it works, this might finally let us access these strange other worlds. The Philosopher's Stone could be ours, and that would mean so many things."

"I'll give it my best," Hermione nodded. "I've never done it before, though, and…"

"I have, actually," Fleur piped up, and Hermione blinked at her in confusion for a moment before chuckling.

"I think I honestly forgot you were older than us for a second there," the brunette admitted.

"I could use an assistant," Fleur smiled. "Come, and let's see if we have all the ingredients."

Rias grinned at the memory and continued fighting Raynare and Dohnaseek, knowing that Harry, Hermione, and Kiba were likely already in there.

"Could you move the guy a little to the left?" Harry asked, and she strafed to the side, making it look like she was trying, put some distance between them.

Both angels moved with her, not willing to give her a moment to recover her strength, and they didn't see the darts coming until two of them had been lodged in Dohnaseek's back.

"What the…" he went to ask, only to collapse on the ground.

Mittelt was hit a moment later, Kiba having hit her in the chest just as Akeno knocked her back, and Kalawarna, struggling against the church pews Luna had transfigured into wooden snakes and had wrapped around her, took a dart to the neck from Hermione, who revealed herself immediately.

"Oh, fuck this!" Raynare exclaimed, flying off through the window.

Rias held up her hand, knowing that she was flying right towards Fleur and Koneko, and the rest of them let her go. Raynare made it about ten feet away from the church before she was hit square in the chest with a ball of fire. She screamed in rage as much as pain, having reacted quickly enough to avoid most of the damage, and summoned a spear of light as the two remaining devils there showed themselves.

"A fucking Veela too?" she hissed. "Get out of my way or die!"

She hurled the spear with all her might and swore when Fleur twisted out of the way of it and responded with a concussive blast that sent her flying towards Koneko. The white-haired girl, having spent most of the fight letting Ddraig boost her power, punched Raynare square in the gut, making her cough up blood as she was sent hurtling through another window and crashing into the church's altar.

"Let me go, please," she begged, looking around at the eight devils surrounding her. "I'll tell you whatever you want, I swear, just...the Boosted Gear?"

She looked in shock and horror at the red gauntlet on the hand of the girl who had sent her back into the church.

"That...nothing in the files I was given mentioned you having the Red Dragon Empress in your peerage," Raynare stammered, looking up at Rias, who smirked.

"I didn't," she replied, "and the fact that I do now is your doing."

"My doing?" Raynare asked. "What the hell are you talking about?"

"Issei Hyoudou, the boy you murdered, possessed the Boosted Gear," Harry explained, glaring down at her, and she choked on her own spit.

"What?!" she exclaimed. "That's not possible! That little twerp could have had a Twice Critical, perhaps, or maybe a mid-tier Sacred Gear but one of the Longinus…"

"You should have done more research," Rias said mockingly, "if you had, you could have taken one of the most powerful Sacred Gears in all the world for your own and not needed Asia's, but instead, you murdered an innocent, and for that, you will not leave this town alive."

Harry shot her with a dart before she could respond to that and sighed. They hadn't been able to save the boy she murdered, but they could bring his murderer to justice, and that was going to have to suffice.

"Draught of the Living Death actually works on them," Hermione grinned. "I really didn't think it would."

"Filling darts with that potion is honestly inspired," Kiba said. "I can't imagine how much it would benefit your magical police to be able to use them."

"Actually, that would be a bad idea," Fleur murmured, shaking her head. "It's meant to be drunk, not injected into people, and taking too much of it can be fatal. We did this because we figured the angels would be strong enough to take it."

"We also didn't care if they lived or died," Akeno added, glaring down at them. "They are still breathing, though."

"It's finished," Rias grinned. "We'll keep them bound in our dungeon for now, having the automatons make sure that they're dosed with more of the potion as needed while we prepare the ritual."

"I will point out we only need three of them," Akeno grinned, and Rias chuckled.

"We'll use Raynare's henchmen for the ritual," the crimson-haired girl replied. "If she's high-ranking enough to be given assignments by Azazel himself, that means that she probably knows a few things worth extracting from her. I'll contact my brother and let him know what's happened while you, Harry, should summon Flamel."

"You're right," Harry grinned. "After so long, we might actually have a way to visit other worlds on our hands."

"Keep in mind that we don't truly know if this will work," Hermione reminded them. "I'm more than willing to try it, but at the end of the day, we are about to undertake a ritual we've never done before, hoping for a result no one on Earth has ever gotten."

"We just have to hope," Luna smiled. "Now, let's go tell Asia that she's safe; I'm sure that will cheer her up, at least a little."

"Akeno, I'm trusting you to handle this," Rias said, and her queen cocked an eyebrow at her.

"You need to go somewhere?" Akeno asked.

"I think rather than sending a message to Sirzechs, I'm going to speak with my parents," Rias replied. "The idea of accessing other worlds has been largely theoretical up to now, something made possible only by dragon scales that can't be controlled. This, though, this could be real, and there are a couple things I need to discuss with them regarding it."

"Okay, we'll handle everything," Akeno nodded.

"See you later," Harry smiled, kissing her softly, and she beamed at him as she disappeared in a magic circle.

*****

"Rias?" Zeoticus asked as she walked into his study, with Venelana in tow.

"I need to speak with both of you," Rias replied.

"She assures me that nothing's wrong," Venelana said, taking a seat and waiting for her daughter to begin.

"Ever since Hermione showed off the omnilibrary, I've been fascinated by the idea that there are entire other worlds out there," Rias began.

"We're aware," Zeoticus replied. "You spoke to Lord Zekram about the apocalypse dragon's scales, yes?"

"Actually, we spoke to Zekhail," Rias replied, and they both looked at her in confusion.

"How?" Venelana asked. "He's been dead for centuries."

"When my pawns finally worked on Harry, something about what Rizevim did to him nearly made the process fatal," Rias explained. "He was saved by the fact that he had become bound to three objects created by Hades…"

"The Deathly Hallows," Zeoticus nodded. "I've been looking over notebooks of his recently. Wait, you mean that he can…"

"He can summon the souls of the dead," Rias replied. "We used it to contact Zekhail, who it turns out wasn't killed by light weapons, and learned that the scales were a dead end. They'll take anyone who picks them up on a round trip to some other world, but you have no way of controlling where you go."

"Useless then," Venelana nodded. "I doubt that you stopped looking, though, obsessed as you've been."

"No, I didn't and neither did my peerage," Rias grinned, "and we think we found something. It's a ritual that will let us open up a portal into another world. How long it will last or if we'll be able to control it in any way, we honestly don't know, but we have the pieces we need for it, and we're trying it out."

"What does it entail?" Zeoticus asked.

"It requires three relatively powerful living sacrifices," Rias replied. "Four fallen angels recently invaded my territory, and today, my peerage and I managed to capture them alive."

"Really?" Venelana grinned. "Well done. So you intend to sacrifice three of them for this. I have to ask, though, to what end?"

"I intend to create a Philosopher's Stone," Rias replied, grinning as their eyes widened. "With it, I could potentially cure Sleeping Sickness, heal Fleur's father, and, most of all, create a new supply of the crystals Lord Ajuka uses to make Evil Pieces."

"Lucifer's Light," Zeoticus breathed. "That would…"

"Remove the scarcity of the crystals and allow Lord Ajuka to create an infinite number of them," Rias grinned. "It would also screw over Aunt Minobella, and I do owe her for her little stunt at the ball."

"She'll be positively murderous if you pull this off," Venelana grinned. "She won't actually hurt you, of course; Lord Zekram would strike her down before I could for daring to start familial infighting, but she would, once she finished screaming and cursing, order Seekvaira to seduce Harry…"

"Which would suit our purposes anyway," Rias grinned.

"There is one factor in all of this that you're overlooking, dear," Zeoticus murmured. "The other factions would be terrified when they learned about it, which they would. The Evil Pieces are a thing of terrifying brilliance. With them, we can take any being, belonging to any species, and make them one of our own, provided we're even slightly more powerful than they are. The only reason they haven't all banded together against us over that is the fact that we're so selective in who we turn. If you remove the scarcity of them completely, restraint will vanish immediately."

"Do you think that I shouldn't do it?" Rias asked, fighting down the hint of dejection that crept up inside her.

"No, not at all, but it is something that we'll have to move cautiously with if you manage it," Zeoticus replied.

"Lord Ajuka is smart enough to know that," Venelana murmured. "Your ambition has grown by leaps and bounds over the last year, my dear. The girl you were before never would have taken on such a project as this."

"Harry's been a good influence on me," Rias smiled. "Listen, if I do this, we'll all end up working more closely with Lord Ajuka, and I think it's high time that we give him a copy of the library."

"Rias…" Venelana went to say, her face falling, as Rias just sighed.

"Mother, I know that it's important to take and keep every advantage that you can in life, but he's our ally, Sirzechs' best friend, and the greatest mind in the Underworld," the redhead argued. "We could work out some sort of deal, I'm sure, but giving him access to the library would be good for the entire Underworld; surely you see that."

"I will...consider it," Venelana sighed. "Your brother has been most bothersome on the subject."

"I remain entirely neutral," Zeoticus murmured. "Speaking of Sirzechs, have you informed him of your adventure with the angels?"

"I sent Grayfia with the message before I found Mother," Rias replied.

"What were they doing there anyway?" Venelana asked.

"They were sent to kill a human boy who possessed a Sacred Gear," Rias replied, "and intended to undertake a ritual meant to rip another Sacred Gear from a young aspiring nun."

"How macabre," Venelana sighed, rolling her eyes. "How did their plans fare?"

"They killed the boy; I couldn't stop that," Rias replied, "but I saved the nun. I even managed to turn her to our side."

"What?" her parents asked in unison as she grinned.

"My new bishop," Rias replied haughtily. "Her Sacred Gear is Twilight Healing, an incredibly useful one from what I've seen, and I think she'll be quite helpful to me."

"Rias, are you sure that you've turned her from the Tyrant?" Venelana asked. "I understand that you're excited but what if you end up with a potential traitor in your midst?"

"She's about as turned from the church as she could be," Rias replied, "and as for the Tyrant, she holds some lingering affection for him, but has been betrayed by so many of his servants that I couldn't see her care for any of them."

Her parents shared a look that made her furrow her brow, though they swiftly smiled and looked back at her.

"That should be fine then," Zeoticus said. "You have nearly a full peerage now."

"Only two pieces to go," Rias beamed. "It's even better than that, though. You know that boy that they killed?"

"Clearly you didn't turn him too," Venelana said, and her smile faltered.

"I tried to, but I didn't have the necessary pieces," Rias replied. "It turned out that he had a far more powerful Sacred Gear than the angels thought."

"Do you know what it was?" Zeoticus asked curiously.

"The Boosted Gear," Rias replied, grinning as their eyes went wide as saucers. "It gets better. I couldn't turn him, but thanks to Azazel's notes, Harry was able to remove the Sacred Gear. With Lord Ajuka's help, Koneko then took it."

"Koneko is the Red Dragon Empress?" Venelana breathed.

"She and Ddraig seem to be getting along quite well," Rias replied, preening under their impressed shock.

"This is incredible," Venalana replied.

"You might be ready for the Rating Games already," Zeoticus added.

"I probably am, though I'd like to have at least both knights before I enter into any," Rias replied, "and I'm rather focused on accessing other worlds just now."

"You've made us both so proud over the last year," Venelana smiled.

"Your mother's right," Zeoticus added. "You've accomplished so much, darling."

"Thank you both," Rias murmured. "As enraged as I was by my betrothal, I can't deny that it's worked out for me. I was rather indolent, I realize now, and the need to escape Riser was just the sort of push I needed to really apply myself."

"I'm glad you see that now," Venelana replied. "You'll be a mother someday too, and I hope that by then, I'll have taught you how to raise proper little devils."

"I can't see myself ever manipulating them in quite that way, though I have to admit that it did work out exactly as she hoped it would," Rias thought to herself. Changing the subject, she said, "We're doing it tonight, and if it works, we'll be taking our first steps into another world right after."

"Is that safe?" Zeoticus asked. "What if it doesn't end up taking you to the world you want, or what if it closes and traps you there?"

"We'd just need to find and kill three people there," Rias shrugged, "and we'd send an automaton in first to look around first. I'm not a fool, Father."

"I know, but you are young and clearly excited," Zeoticus chuckled. "I remember what it was like to be young and excitable."

"You do?" Venelana asked teasingly, and he laughed.

"I have one or two memories of it left," Zeoticus replied.

Rias chuckled at that, knowing that a devil's memory actually improved as they aged and grew more powerful.

"If we do manage to get to another world, we'll likely spend a few days there at least," she said. "I'll leave my familiar behind to inform everyone who needs to know."

"So we won't hear from you for a little while," Venelana nodded. "Be safe, darling."

"I have quite a bit of power to call upon these days," Rias smiled. "I'll let you know how it goes as soon as I can."

"Take care, dear," Zeoticus said, watching her disappear. "She might lack her brother's power, but she has twice the ambition."

"She does," Venelana smiled.

"She has a point about Ajuka, you know," Zeoticus murmured, and Venelana chuckled.

"Of course I do," she replied. "I never intended to keep it from him forever, but I did want to wait until we had something he wanted so he'd be more agreeable to the sort of deal I desire. If Rias pulls this off, the prospect of a limitless supply of crystals will be more than enough. Oh, I can't wait to see Minnie's face!"

"You two are horrible," Zeoticus chuckled. "Will this rivalry of yours ever end?"

"We might die someday," Venelana grinned. "You wouldn't understand, darling."

"I lack siblings, it's true," Zeoticus murmured, returning to his book. "Oh, I nearly forgot to ask, how did it go?"

"It needs a little work, still, but I managed to complete a couple more pieces before Rias interrupted me," Venelana replied. "I'll get back to my piano."

"I'm sure it will be beautiful when you're done," Zeoticus smiled, watching her leave.

*****

"I cannot believe that I am going to meet the Nicolas Flamel!" Fleur exclaimed, looking positively giddy as she sat across from Harry at the dining room table.

"A hero of yours?" Kiba asked.

"He's one of her school's most famous alumni," Luna explained.

"He is more than that," Fleur chuckled. "He was their most generous alumni as well, teaching alchemy classes for a century, long before I attended, of course, and following the destruction wrought by Grindelwald, he and his wife worked tirelessly to restore the institution. I don't think it's possible to attend Beauxbatons and not end up admiring him, even outside of his most famous accomplishments."

"The Philosopher's Stone," Harry murmured. "I held it in my hand once. I still can't believe that, even if he'd managed to steal it, Voldemort wouldn't have been able to use it."

"It does make our adventures throughout our first year look a little silly, in retrospect," Hermione chuckled.

"They helped make us friends, so I'd say they were more than worthwhile," Harry smiled, and Hermione beamed at him. Holding out his hand, he said, "Nicholas Flamel."

Out of his palm popped the little glowing, ethereal projection of a bearded man wearing tan robes. His hair, which he wore long, was grey, as was most of his beard, save for a shock of white on his chin, and his ancient eyes were a deep blue as he peered out at them all. If he hadn't known better, Harry would honestly have sworn that the man was in his forties when he died and not nearing seven hundred.

"Curious," Nicolas murmured, "this is the effect of the Resurrection Stone in action, and yet I do not see it."

"I absorbed it, alongside the Elder Wand and Cloak of Resurrection," Harry replied, and Flamel's eyes narrowed.

"I don't think Albus is dead, but if you killed him to take that wand…" he went to say, and Harry looked at him in surprise.

"You knew that he had it?" Harry asked. "I didn't think he told anyone. He's fine, by the way, and aware of what happened to it and the stone...or partially. I disarmed him after he stumbled across the devils I brought in to Hogwarts to help me kill Voldemort, not wanting another fight to break out, and forgot to give it back before I ended up absorbing it."

"I see," Nicolas nodded. "You're Harry Potter, then; it's a pleasure to meet you."

"Likewise," Harry smiled. "I'm the one who prevented Voldemort from taking the Stone back when it was in Hogwarts, with help from Hermione here and another friend of ours back in England."

"I know," Nicolas said. "Listen, if you have a moment to spare, I'd suggest that you go back and offer to let Brian speak to someone he's wanted to see again for a very long time."

"Brian?" Luna asked.

"Albus," Nicolas explained. "He has so many names, and I liked Brian the best, so it's what Elle and I called him. If you do make your offer, just tell him I said that she's alright and she doesn't blame him. I'll explain no more than that."

"I understand and I will," Harry replied, wondering what exactly that was about.

"Monsieur Flamel, I am so honored to meet you," Fleur breathed. "I am Fleur Delacour; you and your wife were such inspirations to me as I attended Beauxbatons."

"You're not Sebastian Delacour's daughter, are you?" Nicolas asked. "The director of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement?"

"I am," Fleur replied, her smile dipping slightly. "He's retired now, though."

"I had the opportunity to meet the man a couple times as I met with various officials in the Ministry," Nicolas replied. "So, I may as well get this over with. No, I can't help you create a Philosopher's Stone. It's not that I'm unwilling, but the most vital component of it is…"

"Not of this world, we know," Harry replied, and he blinked in confusion.

"That's new," Nicolas replied.

"We spoke to Zekhail Bael," Hermione explained, having agreed that telling the man that they'd acquired and read through his journals might be unwise.

"Ah, I remember him," Nicolas sighed. "I take it that you're with the devils now."

"We are," Harry replied.

"My father was greatly wounded by a curse, one that we were hoping the elixir of life might help with," Fleur explained, and Nicolas nodded solemnly.

"Your devil allies haven't been able to do anything?" Nicolas asked.

"It's beyond their abilities," Harry sighed.

"I don't see how I could help you, though," Nicolas sighed.

"We've found the means to access other worlds, or we think we have, and we were hoping to get more information on the world that you found the quintessence in," Harry replied, and the ancient man's jaw dropped.

"A way other than those idiotic scales?" Nicolas asked. As Harry nodded, he chuckled and said, "That does change things then. At the time it seemed like the strangest land I have ever come across. The sun still rose in the east and set in the west, and I even recognized a few of the same constellations, but I ended up on an entirely different continent that I knew nothing of at the time. Centuries later, though, I began to wonder if it wasn't North America."

"Wait, you think it was another version of Earth?" Hermione asked.

"I do," Nicolas replied. "The landmass, a vast, sprawling thing of incredibly varied environments, seemed a great deal like what America turned out to be. Perenelle and I had never visited the new world, and as we decided that it was time to move on, we decided to see it for the novelty. Didn't much like it, to be honest, the things those poor people call food, but it did remind me terribly of the land that I stumbled into all those centuries ago, and that wasn't all that reminded me about it. Have you ever been to New York?"

"Never," Harry replied, looking around at the others, who all shook their heads.

"There are more of those awful muggle glass towers there than in any city I've ever visited," Nicolas replied. "There are these two in particular that are hundreds of feet taller than the Eiffel Tower and nowhere near as nice to look at. I thought they were all hideous, but as I stared at them, it occurred to me that they reminded me a great deal of the sort of buildings I saw in that strange land."

"So another Earth, one that began building skyscrapers long before we did," Hermione murmured. "That's...not what we expected."

"It does raise quite a number of questions," Luna said sagely. "Do you know if this Earth contained crumple-horned snorkacks?"

"What?" Nicolas asked as Akeno chuckled.

"I don't think that he spent terribly long there," she said gently.

"No, I didn't," Nicolas replied. "I barely spent more than a day, if memory serves. I traveled around, disillusioned, taking in the bizarre sights, and I came to realize that one thing seemed to dominate this land: an organization called Argent Energy, named for the very thing they produced. I found their tower, the tallest I've ever seen, and snuck inside. It was there that I came across what I recognized at once as pure soul energy. If I'd had more time there, I might have determined just how they managed to harvest it and fit it in the little vessels that they did, but just as I picked one up, the scale brought me back. It ended up being the missing piece of the puzzle, the thing that let me complete the greatest work ever devised by alchemists. If you find a way into the place, I cannot speak to how much it might have changed since I was last there, but if that great tower still exists, what you seek lies inside."

"And it's somewhere on that Earth's version of North America," Harry nodded. "Thank you."

"I always did wonder if, should someone else ever prove lucky enough to get their hands on a sample of that strange, soul energy, they'd manage to pull off what I did," Nicolas murmured. "Are you familiar with the process?"

"Yes, that we know," Harry replied. "It requires a sacrifice whose soul is turned into the stone, should it work properly."

"I'm surprised you don't sound more judgmental," Nicolas murmured. "I only ever used guilty murderers for my experiments, but I seldom told anyone just how it was done for a reason."

"We're well aware of the fact that some people just need to be killed, and if their deaths can do something good, why not do that?" Luna asked.

"My justification exactly," Nicolas nodded. "Well, then I'd say you have everything in hand. Unless you have any other questions about that strange other Earth, I'll just ask that you contact me again if you pull it off."

"We will," Harry promised. "Thank you for your help."

With that, he dismissed the spirit and looked over to Akeno.

"The ritual's been set up," she said before he could ask. "Once Rias gets back, we'll begin."

"Are you sure that the bindings you set up will hold the fallen angels?" Kiba asked.

"I tested them out on Koneko, and she couldn't get out, so yeah," Akeno replied.

"Even using the Boosted Gear, I couldn't break free of the manacles holding my hands and feet," Koneko confirmed. "They seemed to block me from using magic too."

"Well, that's comforting," Hermione nodded. "I wonder what that was about regarding Dumbledore."

"We know it wasn't a lover," Luna murmured. "Perhaps it's a friend he lost during the war against Grindelwald. Given that Flamel knew about it, it was probably something that he mentioned during his time working with him."

"A mystery for another day," Harry said, smiling as Asia walked downstairs. "Hey, how are you holding up?"

"This all still feels like a surreal dream," Asia replied. "Hello, everyone."

"I should introduce you," Harry smiled. "You've already met Luna, Fleur, and Akeno, but this is Hermione Granger, Koneko Toujou, and Kiba Yuuto, and sitting in that box over there is Gasper Vladi."

"It's a pleasure to meet you all," Asia smiled. "Wait, did you say in a box?"

"The skull sconce looks just as delightful as I imagined, Dark One," Gnarl announced as he walked upstairs, and Asia squeaked, jumping back at the sight of him.

"This is Gnarl, the minion master," Hermione said. "Gnarl, this is Asia; she'll be living with us going forward."

"A fine-looking wench, Dark One," Gnarl nodded. "Is she another member of your harem?"

"What?!" Asia exclaimed, and they all sighed.

"No, she isn't," Hermione replied through gritted teeth. "Don't be rude to our guests."

"As you say, Ma'am," Gnarl nodded. "Word of warning, girl, the basement is the domain of the minions and the location of the nests."

"Please don't take the this wrong way, but what in God's name are...ow!" Asia cried, clutching her head. "Oh, that's going to take some getting used to."

"We minions are servants of our evil Overlady," Gnarl replied, gesturing to Hermione, who buried her head in her hands.

"I freed a species from enslavement, and there were...complications," the brunette replied, making more than a few of them snicker.

"It's a long story," Harry chuckled. "Did you meet Sirius earlier?"

"Yeah, he and I spoke for a while," Asia smiled. "He's quite nice. He said he had a date earlier and would be back in the morning."

"I guess with the angels dealt with, he doesn't have to worry about anything at the moment," Luna nodded, and Asia looked at them in shock.

"You...you dealt with them already?" she asked. "I expected that you'd be gone far longer if you found them."

"They're chained up and unconscious in our dungeon," Akeno grinned.

"Oh, I thought…" Asia went to say.

"Don't worry, they'll never be able to hurt anyone again," Koneko replied before she finished. "Three of them are going to open a portal to another world for us, and we'll...hand the other one over to the devil government, I guess."

"Given that the enchanted manacles described in that ritual book work so well, we could just keep her here," Akeno replied. "The council would appreciate a fallen angel prisoner, but if we can get what intel she has out of her ourselves, that will be far more impressive in their eyes."

"You've learned to think like a proper devil," Rias grinned as she appeared. "Asia, you're looking better."

"I managed to get some sleep...somehow," Asia replied. "What did you mean by three of them opening up a world to...did you say another world?"

"It turns out that there are other dimensions out there with whole other inhabited worlds," Hermione explained. "Some of them are, as we learned just now, other versions of Earth…"

"Wait, what now?" Rias asked.

"Flamel believes that the world we're looking for is some alternative Earth," Akeno replied, "or I wonder if it's just Earth in the future."

"Time travel on that scale would cause untold damage to the timeline; trust me there," Hermione said. "We believe we have the means to access these other worlds, something we're hoping to do so we can create a magical object that would let us do truly incredible things, but it requires us to perform a ritual…"

She trailed off there, looking to Harry, who nodded and took over. "Those fallen angels were going to sacrifice you for their own gain, and, seeing as we're going to execute them either way for all the harm they've caused, we thought it rather appropriate to pay them back in kind."

"They are awful," Asia murmured. "Will it be quick, at least? Terrible as they are, I...they don't need to suffer, do they?"

"The whole thing should be over in less than a minute," Hermione replied, "and if we manage to create the Philosopher's Stone, the object Harry mentioned, it could let us save countless lives in ways that even your powers might not be able to."

"Taking people who would do naught but harm in the world from it to give us a chance to do good," Rias surmised, smiling down at Asia. "I'd say that's a fair trade, wouldn't you?"

"I guess," Asia nodded. "I think I've been rather...naive for my entire life. The things that the fallen angels and people like Father Sellzen did to innocent people, things I actively tried to ignore, were evil, and before all of this, I might have seen this as no different, but you've all put more effort into making sure that the people you went after were guilty in the day I've known you than they did in the months I knew them. I don't want to watch...this, but I also won't pretend that stopping them from hurting anyone else isn't a good thing."

"I don't really need to watch it either," Luna murmured. "You know, your figure seems pretty similar to how mine was before I became a devil, and I still have all my old clothes. Would you like to try some on? It would give us a chance to get to know each other."

"Really?" Asia asked, her eyes lighting up at the offer. "I mean, if you wouldn't mind…"

"Not at all," Luna smiled. "My hips have grown too wide and my breasts are far too big now for them, so it's not like I wear them anymore, and if they don't fit perfectly, I can transfigure them. Let's head upstairs."

"I'm surprised she didn't transfigure them to fit her new figure," Kiba murmured as the two blondes ran upstairs.

"I talked her into buying new clothes," Fleur murmured. "I'll take Asia to Paris when I can and do the same for her, but for now, letting her and Luna bond is probably for the best."

"How did things with your parents go?" Harry asked.

"They're quite impressed with everything so far," Rias replied, "and I think Mother is going to relent on the matter of the library, thank goodness. We're going to want Lord Ajuka's help if the things we find out in these other worlds are half as interesting as I expect them to be, and offering him access to the library would be a great way to secure it."

"Knowing your mother, she's probably thinking the same thing," Akeno chuckled. "Shall I get the prisoners?"

"Koneko, Fleur, go with her," Rias nodded, making her way to the ritual room. As she reached it and looked inside, she cocked an eyebrow at the setup.

"This is what the ritual called for," Hermione murmured. "Including enchanted objects in a ritual is generally a bad idea, but given that these were made to the specific standards described in it, it shouldn't be a problem."

"I'll need to look through what you and Akeno did," Rias murmured, feeling the heavy, enchanted steel manacles hooked into the wall. "The enchantments feel very powerful."

"Fleur helped too," Hermione smiled, watching as Koneko, Fleur, and Akeno walked in, each one carrying an unconscious and undressed angel.

They quickly levitated them towards their respective stations. Dohnaseek's was on the floor, while Kalawarna was bound in the corner to his right and Mittelt was bound across from her. Each one was an equal distance from the other, a triangle of angels that they knew would soon be filled in with blood.

"Rias," Akeno called out. "They're secure."

"Alright," the redhead nodded, reaching out with her power and destroying the potion in their systems.

"What the…" Dohnaseek gasped.

"You dare!" Kalawarna cried, struggling against her bindings.

"I can't...I can't call on the light!" Mittelt screamed, fear instantly marring her features.

"You three, alongside your leader, invaded my territory, murdered an innocent and nearly murdered another," Rias hissed. "Your pet priest murdered yet another innocent."

"I didn't do any of that!" Mittelt cried.

"If you expect us to talk, child, you're wrong," Dohnaseek snarled.

"No, Dohnaseek," Rias replied, unable to resist, "I expect you to die. I've always wanted to say that."

"I wouldn't have expected you to be a Bond fan," Hermione murmured, and she chuckled.

"I'm not, but my father could recite the movies by heart, and I've seen all of them at least once because of him," Rias replied. "He actually owns a complete set of the novels signed by Ian Fleming."

"Just let us go!" Mittelt begged. "We won't tell anyone about this, we swear. Right?"

"You're not going anywhere," Rias glared. "If I didn't have this particular use for you, you'd already be dead. Hermione, begin."

"If I get out of this, I will flay you alive!" Kalawarna shrieked.

"Three hearts made one," Hermione began, reaching out to the runes inscribed in the manacles holding all three of them and empowering, "three souls entwined, life's blood drawn forth, piercing, piercing, piercing the veil."

"Ahhh!" Mittelt screamed as a hole opened up between her fourth and fifth ribs. It didn't hurt, which made it even more unsettling, but her blood started pouring out in a focused torrent, reaching towards Dohnaseek, whose eyes went white with shock and fear.

"Mittelt!" he cried, desperately trying to rip his arms free from his bindings.

"Three hearts made one," Hermione said again as her Mittelt's blood bored a hole in Dohnaseek's chest, cycling into his body as it drew his own blood out, "three souls entwined, life's blood drawn forth, piercing, piercing, piercing the veil."

"What the fuck!?" Kalawarna cried, struggling with all her might as she heard Dohnaseek scream and saw his blood racing towards her. "What is this?"

"Three hearts made one," Hermione said one final time, watching as Dohnaseek's blood did to Kalawarna what Mittelt's had done to him. "Three souls entwined, life's blood drawn forth, piercing, piercing, piercing the veil."

Her blood raced towards Mittelt, who had gone deathly pale, and her color returned to her at once as it entered her. With the three of them bound together, a triangle of blood formed in the air as their blood continued to move between them. Hermione reached out and began to set up the final part of the ritual. The runes in the manacles began to glow a bright, crimson red, the same color as the blood flowing through the air, and as it became almost blinding in its intensity, the flow began to change. Small spurts of blood started to shoot out from the triangle, shooting out towards the other lines like grappling hooks. More and more of these connective strands formed, looking first like spider webs and then like fine-woven silk, until a solid triangle of blood had formed, held together by the exsanguinated, still-living corpses of the three fallen angels.

"I see something!" Akeno exclaimed, watching as, within that triangle, an image formed.

It showed a verdant nature scene, soft, rolling hills with a pristine waterfall in the distance. Hermione furrowed her brow, wondering if this was the world she'd been focusing her substantial will on, and she refocused on the image that Flamel had painted for them. A world full of sprawling cities beyond what she knew, ones that had been completely overtaken by glass-and-steel skyscrapers. Above all, she focused on the concept of Argent Energy, trying to focus the portal she'd opened up on the world they were seeking.

"It's changing," Harry breathed, watching as the tranquil hills and waterfall were replaced by a mechanistic nightmare, a landscape completely overrun by urban sprawl worse than any planet on Earth.

He thought for a moment that it might be what they sought, but the sky seemed to be filled with a thick smog, thick enough to obscure the very sun, and he doubted that, if the world Flamel found was anything like this, he'd have forgotten to mention it. It shifted again before he could even voice his question, showing nothing but ocean, as if to suggest that there was no land on this world. Half a dozen more scenes followed, one a volcanic scene that no life could possibly thrive in, another a green paradise dominated by a tree taller than any he'd ever seen in his life. Another ocean scene followed that, and then a desolate wasteland with the ruins of a tower in the distance.

"That's my world!" Gnarl exclaimed.

"Shh!" Hermione hissed, watching as a desert appeared before her and then a green land dominated by tall, pale towers. "Something's interfering with it!"

"What?" Rias asked, looking around frantically as sparks began to fly from the portal.

"I don't know what, but something feels wrong!" Hermione cried, feeling like the portal was being taken over by something. "I don't know if I can control it!"

"If we destroy the angel bodies, will that stop it?" Akeno asked as the cycle of scenes being displayed sped up dramatically, to the point that none of them could make out any of the individual worlds.

"It's worth a…" Rias went to say when the portal went still, took on an eerie green glow, and then, to her shock, spat out a woman.

Mittelt, Dohnaseek, and Kalawarna let out simultaneous screams, turning to ash before their eyes, and the triangle of blood exploded, covering all of them in the crimson liquid. They all froze at the sudden, completely unexpected ending to the ritual and stared down at the woman lying on the floor before them. She was tall for a woman, an inch taller than Rias herself, and thin, by the look of it. She was dressed in oddly medieval-looking clothing, a pair of rough brown leather breeches, held on by a belt the same color, and a tunic that was cream-colored before the blood soaked into it. She wore one black boot, the other having been removed as she was thrown through the portal, and had a sword strapped to her back. Before the blood coated her, she'd had ashen hair, and as she jumped to her feet and stared at them all with pale green eyes, they noticed that her left cheek was marred by a terrible scar, which looked like something had tried to tear half her face off.

She coughed, having gotten some of the blood in her mouth, and asked, "Where...where am I?"

They all just stared at her, utterly confused.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Markuz Black, Brawlingbard, Child of the Omnissiah and 164 others
voivode_writer
May 12, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 55 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
May 26, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,093
"There," Luna smiled as she stepped back. "Doesn't that look nice?"

"I...yes?" Asia replied, unable to keep the upward inflection out of her voice as she stared at herself in the mirror.

True to her word, Luna had taken her to her room to let her try on her old clothes, asking that she try at least one outfit, and she'd picked the least strange thing she could find. The yellow dress was nice, even if the cut of it was a little unusual, but she'd quickly learned that the other blonde's taste in jewelry had been rather unusual at one point in her life. What she was wearing now, a simple pair of silver earrings and a silver necklace holding what appeared to be a large, oval-shaped ruby, was quite simple and normal. The necklace of corks she'd been given and earrings in the shape of radishes were less so.

"It's not like I ever really wore or even noticed much jewelry before, so maybe this is more normal than I think," Asia thought to herself. Tracing a finger over her chest and the pale skin revealed by the relatively low neckline, she asked, "Is this not a little too low-cut?"

"I wouldn't say so," Luna smiled, resting her hands on the blonde's shoulders as she peered around her. "You have a lovely pair of breasts, and it would be a shame to keep them completely hidden like they were by your old robes."

"What?" Asia asked, whipping around in shock.

"Your breasts," Luna replied, her eyes dipping down a bit, "they're quite nice. You're really very beautiful, you know."

"I...you...I…" Asia spluttered, her face going beet-red.

"You're not used to thinking of yourself in such terms, are you?" Luna asked softly.

"Never," Asia breathed, wondering why Luna's silver eyes had gotten so dark.

"I wasn't either," Luna murmured, taking her hand and leading her to the bed, where she sat down. "Fleur helped me a lot there, as did Harry, of course."

"I was always taught that vanity was a sin," Asia said as she sat down, deliberately putting a little space between them.

"I don't know much about what the church considers sinful," Luna admitted, "but I do know that feeling good about yourself is a lot better than feeling bad about yourself."

"I don't know how I feel about anything anymore," Asia sighed. "I miss when life made sense."

"Life often doesn't," Luna murmured, taking one of Asia's hands in hers and tracing a finger over her palm. "When I was a little girl, Mummy once told me about how she came across a muggle shop when she was younger…"

"Muggle?" Asia asked, furrowing her brow in confusion.

"Non-magical humans," Luna clarified. "The woman who ran it offered a number of services seemingly related to divination, even though she was not a witch. Out of curiosity, she decided to pay for one of them, a palm reading service, where the woman claimed to be able to tell her future just by studying the little lines on her palm."

"I've heard of that before," Asia said, shivering as Luna traced one of her nails feather-light over those lines.

"She told her that she saw her living a long life and having at least one other child," the blonde murmured.

"Was she right?" Asia asked.

"She died within the year, and I never got a brother or sister," Luna whispered, swallowing thickly.

"Go...I'm so sorry," Asia breathed, barely catching herself in time.

"Life can be hard, and cruel, and often seem like it doesn't make sense," Luna murmured, staring into her eyes. "The solution to that, the thing that makes it possible to keep going anyway, is finding joy where we can and balancing all out the sadness and pain with it."

"How do you do it?" Asia asked desperately. "How do you find joy again after having so much ripped away from you?"

"I find having sex with Harry and the others helps," Luna replied, "but I…"

"What?!" Asia cried, jerking back. "But he...but Rias…"

"Having sex with Rias is also really fun," Luna beamed. "She, Harry, Hermione, Fleur, Akeno, Koneko, and I have all found that the secret to joy for us is having wonderful orgies."

"I...I...I" Asia stammered, her face becoming burning hot in seconds.

"I'm sure there are other paths to joy if drowning in soul-searing ecstasy isn't your thing," Luna smiled. "I only bring it up to say that it will get better, and even after losing as much as you have, you'll still be able to find happiness in life if you let yourself."

Asia could barely think, much less speak, in her shock. Learning that the handsome, wonderful man who had seemed so nice when they first met and become her savior here in Japan was married had been a shock but convinced that she'd get to become a nun someday, she figured it was for the best anyway. With that path closed to her for good, she might have come to wish that he weren't married as her attraction to him only grew, but it had still remained a simple desire that she knew it was best not to dwell on at all. This, though, the knowledge that not only was Harry married but, that he and his wife brought their female friends in for bacchanalian parties that would have made her old mentors drop dead of shock was something she honestly found hard to process.

"What…" she went to ask when a sudden rumbling shook the very walls of the tower. "Oh, God! Ow."

"Stay behind me," Luna commanded, growing more serious in an instant as she jumped to her feet.

"What was that?" Asia asked, rushing to join her as she padded across the room.

"I don't know," Luna replied, "but I'd wager it came from downstairs."

"The ritual," Asia breathed, and as Luna nodded and opened the door, she decided to follow her down to investigate.

*****

"It's beautiful," Ciri said to herself as she looked around Malus Island.

She'd debated with herself a little about just where to bring Geralt and Yennefer, who were both still sleeping on the forest floor behind her, shielded from the sun by the numerous large, full trees around them, but ultimately, this island had turned out to be perfect. Gazing out at the tranquil meadow where she'd considered burying them when she was still not entirely sure that they'd live, she'd come to realize that, although they hadn't woken yet, they were most likely going to live.

"From the moment Cintra fell, my life has been one unfathomable pile of shit after another," she murmured, looking down at Geralt and brushing his long white hair out of his face. "What moments of happiness I've known since then, alongside my survival, I owe to you, and to you, Yen. I wish I could stay I do, but I fear that even here in this perfect, peaceful paradise, I'd invite more trouble to you. I came across a world during my travels that seems...boring enough to be safe, at least for a while, and I plan to try to build a life there. I'm sorry for leaving you, but I really do think it's for the best, and, honestly, after the past few years, I need to get out of this terrible world. I hope you two find happiness here; you deserve it, and you deserve each other. I love you both...so much, and I...take care of each other…for me, yeah?"

She closed her eyes, letting her tears fall as her throat grew tight, and finished writing that down. Once she was done, she corked the inkwell and shoved it and the quill back inside Yennefer's bag. Once the ink had dried, she rolled it up and lodged it between the raven-haired beauty's full breasts, chuckling at the thought that it was one place she knew both of them would find it in. With that done, she pressed her lips to her forehead, inhaling the familiar scent of lilacs and gooseberries, before doing the same to Geralt and standing up.

"Goodbye," she whispered, too emotional to get more sound out than that, before turning around.

Stepping out onto the meadow, she considered again the world she was intending to flee to, as even in her own mind she couldn't call it anything else. In truth, she wasn't as clear on that as she'd claimed, but she knew that telling Geralt and Yennefer that she had a solid plan would help them worry a little less, and figured that the little white lie was worth telling. All she truly knew was that she couldn't bring herself to spend another moment in her own world, and she had no desire to return to the world of the Aen Elle.

"I'll find one I can tolerate, surely," she murmured to herself as she opened up a portal. "That one world I got a glimpse of seemed quite nice. Perhaps I'll meet people there who won't turn out to be total arseholes."

Shaking her head at that, she stepped into the portal only to experience something she never had before. Rather than slipping into it as she normally experienced, it felt oddly like she was being sucked in, pulled towards a destination not her own, and for a moment, she feared that Eredin had found her and was about to recapture her.

Panicking, she tried as hard as she could to fight against whatever force was pulling on her, but it was like trying to swim against rapids, and she found herself powerless against it. For a terrible moment, she barreled through time and space, powerless to resist the unending pull of whatever was drawing her in. A kaleidoscope of colors flashed before her eyes, almost blinding in their intense brightness, until finally, everything went dark and so terribly horrible. She emerged into a dark room just as what felt like a tidal wave of blood exploded, coating everything.

Closing her eyes, she coughed out the blood that had gotten in her mouth and took a step back, asking. "Where...where am I?"

*****

"What the fuck?" Harry asked, staring at the woman in shock.

"Stay back!" she shouted, speaking a language he knew he wouldn't have understood if not for the devils' gift of speaking in tongues. She stepped back again, trying to wipe the blood from her eyes as she reached for the sword strapped to her back.

"Wait, we don't…" Hermione went to say, when the woman slipped on the blood coating the floor, fell back, and hit her head, falling unconscious immediately, "...mean you harm. Shit!"

Akeno, standing closer to the women than the rest of them, rushed to her and picked her up, wincing when she realized that she'd managed to hit her head hard enough to crack her skull.

"We need Asia!" she exclaimed.

"I'll go…" Fleur went to say, when the door to the ritual room opened and Luna rushed in, with Asia close behind.

"What in the world...oh," the silver-eyed blonde murmured as she looked around. "I guess things didn't go as planned."

"What...happened?" Asia asked, feeling nauseous as she looked around at the blood-soaked room.

"I'll explain in a minute, but we need your help," Rias replied. "A woman came through the portal and then slipped in the blood and hit her head."

"Oh, goodness," Asia breathed, rushing over and kneeling by the blood-covered woman as Harry started vanishing the bodies of the dead fallen angels. "She's hurt but...oh, wow, she's suffered many terrible injuries before."

"Focus on the most critical one now and we'll try to talk to her when she wakes up," Koneko murmured, summoning her sword from the sheathe strapped to her back and examining it closely. "People are usually easier to talk to when they're disarmed."

"Good point," Fleur murmured, summoning the dagger strapped to the woman's thigh. "What in the world happened?"

"I have no idea," Hermione muttered, looking around the disaster zone of a room. "Everything was going fine; the sacrifices worked as they were supposed to. We even opened a portal, and then...it was like control of it was wrested from me somehow."

"Could it be that you weren't powerful enough to handle it?" Rias asked.

"Maybe?" Hermione replied, shrugging her shoulders. "It felt less like me grappling with something that was beyond me, though, and more like there was some very sudden outside interference."

"From her?" Harry suggested, pointing down at the still-unconscious woman.

"Maybe," Hermione sighed. "This was the best idea we had come across yet for accessing these strange other worlds, and it seemed like we were so close."

"I'm sure we'll be able to find other powerful enemies we can use if we want to try again," Rias assured her, resting a comforting hand on her shoulder, "but it isn't as though we got nothing at all from this. We have another living being from another world under our roof now, one that, unlike Gnarl, wasn't brought here intentionally by someone who used one of the Apocalypse Dragon's scales. Whether or not she interfered with the portal, she might be able to tell us things that he could not."

"Provided she wakes up," Akeno sighed. "She hit her head really hard, and...from what I could feel, I don't think that you'd be able to revive her with even a rook."

"Really?" Rias asked, curious.

"There's power in her," Akeno replied. "I don't know if…"

"Done," Asia smiled. "Her brain has stopped swelling, and I managed to undo the rest of the damage that she sustained in her fall. I suspect she'll wake up soon."

"It might be best if, when she does, she doesn't wake to what looks like the set of a Motley Crue video," Hermione muttered, blanketing the room and all of them with cleaning charms until every drop of blood was gone.

"I'll set her on the couch, and we can wait for her to wake up then," Harry murmured. Seeing the woman's face without all the blood, he couldn't help but remark, "Wow, that is a really bad scar."

"From what I could feel, she's got quite a few wounds like that that never properly healed," Asia said, watching as the woman's unconscious body began to float out of the room. "I'll see if I can heal the one on her cheek before she wakes up; that might help convince her that we don't mean to hurt her."

"You can heal scars?" Fleur asked, and Asia flinched at the intense look she gave her.

"I don't know what things I can't heal," she replied, and the Veela smiled.

"I have someone who I think could really use your help, if you're willing," Fleur murmured, wrapping an arm around her as she led her out of the ritual room.

"Of course," Asia beamed. "Who?"

"My father," Fleur explained. "He was afflicted with a terrible curse months ago…"

"We'll get answers, I swear," Rias sighed, wrapping an arm around Hermione, who was still looking around the room, appearing utterly lost.

"I hope so," the brunette muttered. "I've never had a project blow up in my face quite this spectacularly."

"Thanks for the cleaning charm," Koneko said. "Getting all that blood out of my hair by hand would have been infuriating."

"It was the least I could do," Hermione sighed. "Man, I hope that woman has some clue what the hell just happened."

*****

In a far-off land of revelry and combat, an ancient, one-eyed man sat in his throne, watching a pair of einherjar fight as his fellow gods sat around him.

"Are you sure, Father?" Baldur asked.

"Sure?" Odin chuckled. "Only fools are ever truly sure, son, you know that, but I think that the young devil is the one who took that old bag of bone's toys from him."

"That could complicate things," Freya sighed. "Hades has always been the least agreeable of the Greek pantheon, and if he learns about this, it might throw everything you're hoping the three quarreling factions will manage to accomplish into chaos."

"He, as far as I know, has no idea what became of his hallows," Odin murmured, "and I certainly won't be telling him."

"How did you learn of this anyway?" Thor asked.

"Hades isn't the only god whose domain touches on the dead," Odin replied. "I'm the sexiest one, of course."

"Considering that your competition includes a walking skeleton and a mummified eunuch, that isn't all that much to brag about," Frigga teased, and Odin clutched his chest dramatically.

"My own wife, wounding me so," he replied melodramatically, making her chuckle.

"So how did you get what confirmation you have so far that this Harry Potter is the one who has so infuriated Hades?" Baldur asked. "Did you observe him in combat?"

"No, I watched him fuck," Odin replied, making sure that he timed the response just as Rosewiesse, his valkyrie bodyguard, was taking a sip of mead, which she promptly spat all over Thor.

"Oh, gods, I'm so sorry!" she cried, her face going crimson as Odin burst out laughing and Thor just shook his head.

"It's fine," he chuckled, vanishing the honey wine. "Relax."

"Must you torment the poor girl?" Frigga sighed.

"I've said for ages that she needs to lighten up," Odin replied. "You need to lighten up, girl."

"I just cannot fathom admitting such things in public, my lord," Rossweisse replied, "especially in front of the queen."

"Oh, Frigga knows what I'm about," Odin chuckled. "Don't you, dear?"

"If I didn't by now, I'd have to be the dimmest woman alive," Frigga replied dryly. "Was there any particular reason for you doing this, or was it just you being you?"

"Admittedly, it started out being because one of his fellow devils in the Gremory girl's peerage was a Veela, but I think my inherent wisdom proved itself here, because it ended up being quite a bit more interesting than I expected," Odin replied.

"I sincerely hope you didn't just peek from outside their window," Freya said, giving him a flat look, and Odin merely grinned at her.

"I'd never be so crude," Odin protested, earning a few incredulous looks from the others. "Well, I wasn't in this case. No, I took the guise of an old, purportedly dying Japanese man and offered the Veela my entire estate, which I cobbled together and bought a house for, if she had sex in front of me and then finished me off. My life, to be clear. I pretended to die half-way through but not before realizing that there was something very off about the young man's magic."

"I'm amazed that that's what informed you that he'd consumed Hades' relics," Thor murmured.

"It wasn't," Odin grinned. "I felt that the moment I shook his hand. No, the strangeness came during the act itself. His magic felt wild and intensely sexual on a level that exceeded that of the veela."

"Surely you don't think he's one of those...what in the world did they call them again?" Baldur asked.

"Incubi," Freya replied. "Incubi and succubi."

"Correct, and in truth, I don't know," Odin admitted. "I know that Yahweh hunted their kind to extinction ages ago; man, that guy was a stick in the mud, and it shouldn't be possible, but...something felt off. I'm intrigued."

"Truth be told, a random devil managing to consume relics made by Hades is rather odd in itself," Frigga piped up.

"So what are you planning?" Freya asked.

"For the moment, nothing," Odin replied, his eyes flicking to Rossweisse for a moment. "If those factions of bickering fools manage to bury the hatchet, it will be good for us all, especially with the trouble that seems to be stirring on the horizon, and I don't want to risk screwing that up by going anywhere near them again, but...should Michael, Azazel, and the others manage it, I might find an excuse to poke around more closely. I haven't come across a good mystery in a while, and in my ancient bones, I feel that this will turn out to be quite the interesting one."

He smiled to himself, a dozen different plans running through his head as he leaned back in his chair and took a sip of mead while turning his focus back to the duel happening in front of him.

*****

"Ahh!" Ciri gasped as she woke up, bolting upright and looking around the room frantically.

"Hello there," a dark-haired man sitting across from her smiled, and she tensed as she saw everyone who had been in that blood-covered room was sitting around this one, alongside a couple she hadn't noticed before. She reached for her dagger on instinct, already feeling that her sword wasn't on her back, and grew even more tense when she didn't feel it. "We don't mean you any harm, I swear."

"And yet you've taken my weapons," Ciri murmured, trying to see if she could feel any sort of magic in the air that might prevent her from disappearing through a portal and relaxing slightly when she didn't feel anything.

"We'd rather you didn't try to do us any harm either," a short blonde with silver eyes and an ethereal voice said. "We can hardly be friends if we try to stab each other."

"You've never been to Skellige," Ciri couldn't help but think to herself wryly. "How did I come to be here?"

"That is something we were hoping you might be able to help us figure out," a stunningly beautiful woman with crimson hair and possibly the largest breasts she'd ever seen replied, "but first, I'm Rias Gremory, this is my husband, Harry Potter, and these are Luna Lovegood, Hermione Granger, Fleur Delacour, Akeno Himejima, Koneko Toujou, and Asia Argento."

"Enchante," Fleur purred, and Ciri shivered at the breathy tone of her voice.

"Gods, she might actually be more beautiful than Francesca Findabair," Ciri thought to herself. "I didn't think I'd ever find anyone who was."

"You know, without that unfortunate scar on your cheek, you are actually quite beautiful," Fleur murmured, and Ciri's eyes went wide as saucers as she reached to feel her ruined cheek and felt only smooth skin.

"How?" she asked, relief warring with her continuing apprehension.

"That was my doing," Asia replied. "Hi. When you fell, you cracked your skull, and as I was healing that, I noticed the scar and thought you might appreciate it if I took care of that too."

"My skull?" Ciri asked, reaching behind her head. "I don't even have a bump."

"Asia here has an incredible healing ability," Harry replied, making the blonde blush.

"Hopefully that's proof enough that we bear no ill will towards you," Hermione murmured. "We didn't intentionally draw you through the multiverse, and in fact, I have no idea how that happened."

"So you are aware that there are whole other universes out there," Ciri said. "I seldom run into anyone who does, anyone I'd want to, anyway. I'm Cirilla, though you call me Ciri. What exactly were you doing when I got sucked in here? All I knew was that one moment, I was trying to step through a portal into another world, and then I was in that dark, blood-soaked room."

"We were performing a ritual meant to open a portal to another world," Hermione explained. "Did you happen to be performing a similar ritual at the same time?"

"What, you think you two sort of...crossed the streams or something?" Koneko asked.

"It was certainly explosive enough for that metaphor," Hermione muttered.

"I don't require rituals to open the portals I use," Ciri explained. "What exactly were you doing there?"

"We had taken custody of three guilty murderers and, as they were going to be executed either way, decided to sacrifice them in a ritual meant to pierce the veil between this universe and the others," Rias replied, speaking with such authority that Ciri's old instincts kicked in and she sat up straighter.

"Hence the blood," Luna supplied.

"I guess it might be possible that you conducted that ritual at the exact moment that I stepped through my portal and we interfered with each other," Ciri murmured, sounding unsure. "To be honest, my control over my powers has never been perfect and…"

"Wait, so this is something that you can just do, then, huh?" Harry asked. "Is it a form of magic you learned?"

"It's...inherent," Ciri replied slowly, and he nodded.

"Fascinating," Hermione murmured as Akeno and Rias shared a look.

"So, it seems to have been a mix-up," the crimson-haired beauty sighed. "On behalf of the Gremory family, I do apologize. It wasn't our intention to draw you or anyone into this world."

"Where were you hoping to go, if you don't mind me asking?" Akeno asked.

"Are there just no ugly people in this world?" Ciri wondered to herself as she looked at the buxom beauty. "I had a destination in mind...sort of. It was a world that I had managed to glimpse once and thought that it looked nice. My own world had become kind of...tiring, and I felt I needed a change of scenery."

"So how did the ritua...hello," Sirius said as he walked in, trailing off when he spotted Ciri, who cocked her head at him in confusion.

"Wait, I thought you all spoke my language for some odd reason," she replied, wondering why she didn't understand a word that the man had spoken.

"Oh, shit, is she from another world?" Sirius asked, looking at Harry for translation.

"Sirius here is different from the rest of us," Rias explained. "We're devils, and one of the perks of being what we are is that we understand, read, and speak all languages instinctively."

"That's incredibly useful," Ciri murmured.

"It is," Rias smiled, her mind racing with possibilities as she stared at the beautiful young woman. She looked to be around the same age as her, though she'd clearly been through a lot more in her short life, given her scars and the wariness in her eyes. Her ability was too potentially useful not to try to make an ally of her, though she knew enough to know not to appear overeager or make her offer too soon. "You know, if you were looking for a change of scenery, you're in one of the most beautiful parts of our world, and, as an apology for dragging you over as we did, we'd be happy to show you around."

"At the very least, we could offer you a hot meal," Harry added, sensing what his wife was thinking without her even needing to reach across their mental link.

"I am actually quite hungry," Ciri admitted, tentatively willing to believe that these people, even if they did call themselves devils, weren't out to hurt her.

"Luna, why don't you take her to one of the nicer restaurants in town?" Rias suggested. "You can consider it our treat."

"I'd be happy to show you around, though your clothes, while very nice, would make you stand out a bit here," Luna murmured. "If you'd like, I could transfigure them into something less conspicuous."

"I could do that," Fleur said flatly.

"Transfigure?" Ciri asked, only to jump to her feet as her tunic and breeches were transformed into flowing, green dress that fell to her ankles and clung to her figure like a second skin. Before she could say a word, Fleur had conjured a mirror, which she stared into in muted shock.

"You look like a princess," Luna smiled.

"I don't think I ever looked this good when people called me princess," Ciri thought to herself, palming her healed cheek and looking herself up and down.

"Shall we?" Luna asked. "I swear you're going to love this place. They do these breaded pork cutlets that are amazing."

Even her well-developed survival instincts were no match for how comically innocent Luna looked as she smiled up at her, and Ciri sighed, deciding to follow the incredibly cute young woman for now.

"If things go poorly, I can always escape," she thought to herself, following the blonde who started to skip along the floor.

"What the hell happened?" Sirius asked the moment they left.

"There were complications with the ritual, or a complication, as it were," Hermione muttered.

"Do you want me to send a pair of green minions to keep an eye on them, Dark One?" Gnarl asked, and they looked around the room in confusion.

"Gnarl?" Sirius asked, his eyes widening when the aged minion crawled out from within the couch Ciri had been sleeping on. "Wait, that couch is enchanted?"

"I discovered it this morning," Gnarl replied. "There's a whole room hidden between the cushions. I'd have come out while that woman was resting here, but she felt so powerful, I feared it would end poorly."

"So you just stayed trapped?" Hermione asked. "Gnarl, you could have said something?"

"There are worse things in the world than being sat on by a fetching young wench, Dark One," Gnarl chuckled, and her concern for him disappeared immediately. "Who was that anyway?"

"Cirilla, she said her name was," Rias replied. "She is powerful, isn't she? You were right, Akeno; I don't think a rook would work for her."

"You're out of luck, then," Akeno sighed. "That's a shame, too, given everything, but maybe we can talk her into just helping us reach that world we're looking for anyway."

"I'll want more than just the world from her if we can manage it," Rias murmured, feeling a sense of greed the likes of which she hadn't in ages.

"Rias, we just met her," Hermione pointed out. "I trust that Luna will be safe with her, because she's rather strong too, but we don't know her at all."

"She came across as lost," Koneko said. "I think her world was more than just 'tiring,'"

"I sensed the same," Akeno murmured. "Maybe if we offer her a place to stay here, and the sort of stability I imagine she hasn't had in a while, given the state of her, that will be enough to convince her to help us out."

"Or to take me up on the offer I already want to make her," Rias grinned.

"I will point out that you don't have the pieces for her if she's as strong as we think," Harry said.

"Harry, if we manage to make a Philosopher's Stone, we'll get all the pieces we could ever want," Rias replied.

"How would that work for the Rating Games?" Koneko asked.

"I imagine Lord Ajuka would mandate that everyone bring no more than a standard set of them for a given game, no matter how many devils they had in their peerage," Rias shrugged. "That, I will let him and the others figure out, but for now, I need to speak to him, and I need to convince my mother not to stop me from making the deal with him that I want to."

With a wave of her hand, she sent a glowing red ball off, which promptly disappeared.

"What was that?" Harry asked.

"I sent a message to Sirzechs, one asking him to meet me at the castle," Rias replied. "You should come too; it's high time we brought Lord Ajuka into the fold here. Akeno, keep a subtle eye on Luna and our new guest and make sure that nothing goes wrong."

"Will do," Akeno replied.

"The rest of you, hold down the fort here," Rias added.

"Rias, I would like to go to Kyoto with Asia and see if she can heal my father," Fleur said, and she nodded.

"That's fine," Rias replied, taking Harry's hand.

With that, the pair of them disappeared, making their way to the Underworld.

*****

"You're being impulsive," Harry chuckled as he followed Rias through the castle's anteroom. "All we know about that girl is her name."

"Don't you see, Harry?" his wife asked, spinning around and staring up at him, eyes practically glowing with excitement. "Even if it turns out that Ciri can't be trusted or doesn't want anything to do with us, she's a living proof of concept that this can work. We really can reach out to these other lands and if Hermione and she are correct about what made the ritual go wrong, then the chances of that same mistake happening again are pretty minute. Before, this was all theory, but now...now we know it can be done."

"I love seeing you this excited," Harry smiled, snaking an arm around her waist, and she furrowed her brow at him in confusion.

"To be honest, I don't know why you aren't more excited," Rias replied, making him chuckle and rub the back of his neck.

"I know it's all been in the same universe, but I've been introduced to a whole other world I didn't know existed twice before," Harry replied. "It's cool, immensely so, but it's also something I have kind of experienced before."

"I suppose I get your point," Rias chuckled, smiling as she saw Grayfia. "Grayfia, where are my parents?"

"They've just sat down for tea," Grayfia replied. "This is the second time today that you've come here. Is everything alright?"

"Perfect, actually," Rias replied, smiling. "Sirzechs might be showing up soon; if he does, tell him where we are, and I'll explain then."

"Very well," Grayfia murmured, clearly still deeply curious but professional enough not to voice that.

Rias sped off, knowing exactly where her parents would be if they were having tea together, and Harry followed after her, amused by just how excited she was.

"I knew this was something she wanted to pull off, for numerous reasons, but I don't think I realized just how important it had become to her," he thought to himself as she turned a corner and stopped abruptly at the door to a small sitting room.

"Twice in one day," Zeoticus smiled as he spotted her. The look quickly faded as he asked, "Did something go wrong?"

"Given that you're here, things clearly didn't go quite as planned," Venelana murmured, looking concerned.

"There were complications, but it doesn't matter," Rias replied.

"We managed to make contact with another universe," Harry added, "and more than that, we pulled someone through."

"Someone?" Venelana asked.

"A woman named Ciri," Rias replied. "That's actually why I've come. She says that she can open portals between dimensions naturally, that it's an inherent ability of hers, and I want to either make her a member of my peerage or find someone else with this ability and take them on."

"That would be invaluable," Zeoticus breathed. "The mere idea that we might be able to access and acquire resources from a vast array of other worlds…"

"Why come to us, though?" Venelana asked.

"I get the sense that Ciri is too powerful to be turned by a rook," Rias replied. "When I came across the dying host of the Boosted Gear, his power was still locked away deep inside him, having never been accessed in any meaningful way, and I didn't sense it at first, but whatever this woman is, her power is palpable."

"Neither of us has spare queen pieces to trade for Akeno, though," Zeoticus reminded her.

"And I wouldn't trade Akeno for anything," Rias murmured. "I'm not looking for a spare queen piece; I'm looking for a second set, and that I can only get from…"

"Me," Ajuka murmured as he walked in, flanking Sirzechs alongside Grayfia.

"Rias, is everything alright?" her brother asked. "Your message said you'd found something critically important to the Underworld, but why would that require you to have a second set of Evil Pieces?"

"Your sister sent you one message, and you went to fetch Lord Ajuka?" Zeoticus asked, sounding amused.

"We were in the middle of a meeting when the message arrived," Ajuka replied. "It's an open secret that House Agares possesses extra pawn pieces they've used to create a significant number of bound servants, but even they cannot say that any of their members have been given two whole sets. If I were to grant such a thing, it would have to be for an exceedingly good reason."

"I think I'm on the cusp of being able to create a Philosopher's Stone," Rias said, and the green-haired man's eyes went wide as saucers.

"Really?" Sirzechs asked, trying not to sound too insultingly surprised.

"The answer to that is a long one, but it goes back to a discovery that my peerage made some time ago," Rias replied, looking to her mother, whose purple eyes narrowed slightly.

"We will discuss this strong-arming at length later," Venelana projected into her daughter's mind. "Lord Ajuka, we have in our possession a copy of every book, scroll, and note ever written, not just in this universe but in all of them."

"What?" Ajuka asked, stunned.

"We discovered a room, which has since been sealed, capable of creating anything the user envisioned," Harry replied. "The things it made could not be taken out of it, but the written texts we asked for, we managed to copy down onto real paper. Among them were the journals of Nicolas Flamel, wherein he described the process plainly."

"I know of the process, but it's impossible," Ajuka replied. "It requires something not found in this universe, and, as you said, this room cannot create things that can exist outside it."

"We've found the means to access other universes," Rias explained.

"How?" Grayfia asked.

"It required the sacrifice of three relatively powerful beings," Harry replied. "We dealt with our fallen angel problem, by the way."

"So you captured them and used them for this ritual," Sirzechs murmured, sitting down and tapping the armrest of his chair as he contemplated that. "If they were low-level operatives, as I imagine they were, Azazel and the others are unlikely to look too closely into how they met their ends. This ritual worked, then?"

"Sort of," Rias replied. "There was interference we didn't account for, as, at the moment when we performed the ritual, someone who possesses an inherent ability to travel between universes was opening up a portal of her own. We ended up accidentally sucking her into our world."

"And you're thinking of turning her into one of us?" Ajuka asked.

"I haven't come close to deciding on that yet, but if I could turn her or someone else with her ability into my devil servant, I could absolutely access the world Flamel found his quintessence in and make a Philosopher's Stone," Rias grinned. "Then I could use it to transform some random mineral into the crystals you use to make the Evil Pieces. It would fix the problem of our finite supply of them and…"

"Rias, slow down," Sirzechs sighed, sharing a concerned look with Ajuka.

"What is it?" Rias asked, deflating somewhat at her brother's unenthusiastic reaction.

Sirzechs took a deep breath, trying to figure out how best to put this before sighing. "I understand that you're very excited about this, and I am so deeply impressed with everything you've done over the last year, but this isn't a good idea, at least not at the moment."

"Why?" Rias asked. "If you're worried about how Aunt Minobella is going to react, I'm sure she'll shut up when Seekvaira…"

"It's not Aunt Minnie, though she will be absolutely murderous when she learns about this if you pull it off," Sirzechs replied. "In truth, it's remarkable that the Evil Pieces didn't cause a greater stir among the other factions than they did. Being able to take any sapient being in the universe and make them into one of our own is an incredible and terrifying ability. I think the main reason that they all know both that trying to turn someone against their will is a terrible idea and that the crystals used for them are so scarce."

"They genuinely are, too," Ajuka piped up. "I've tried for centuries to find other sources of them without even a hint of success. The Agrean crystals, as I often call them, are unique to Agreas."

"Are you sure that Minobella and Hafaer haven't…" Venelana went to ask, and he chuckled.

"Oh, they've both tried to stymie my efforts in suitably subtle ways, and I've been more than happy to let them, since it's a waste of their time," Ajuka replied before she could finish.

"So you're worried about how the other factions will react?" Rias asked.

"It's not just that," Sirzechs replied. "Word of this is not to leave this room. Am I clear?"

When they all nodded, he continued, saying, "We are currently in negotiations with Heaven and the Grigori to bring about lasting peace between us."

"What?" Rias and Harry asked in unison, sounding equally stunned.

"It's been a long time coming," Sirzechs replied, "but eons of animosity cannot be undone quickly, and reaching a true detente with them has been...challenging."

"Would the Tyrant really allow that, though?" Rias asked. "All my life, you've all told me about how rigid and inflexible he was with his demands; how the church's portrayal of him as a forgiving, loving being is laughable nonsense."

"Circumstances have changed," Sirzechs replied. "I won't get into the specifics, but there have been rumblings for quite some time of growing threats out there that could affect us all. There's a new faction developing, one which is opposed to all three of ours, and with us having a common enemy, figures who would have once balked at the idea of peace between us have been forced to reassess things."

"That's why you've been so reluctant to announce what I am," Harry breathed, and the crimson-haired man nodded.

"Michael and Azazel are aware that there is a living incubus among us now," Sirzechs said. "I didn't want them to learn from any other source, and so disclosed the information myself."

"They don't know who, though, right?" Rias asked.

"Not yet, no," Sirzechs replied. "They were both quite surprised, but it didn't end up being a deal-breaker."

"Which makes sense, of course," Grayfia murmured. "If we're no longer fighting to exterminate each other, they don't need to care that we have a solution to our fertility issues."

"Plus, with the Evil Pieces, we've managed to fix our numbers problem, to an extent, anyway," Ajuka said.

"I don't want the possibility that we might end up with a limitless supply of the agrean crystals becoming a problem, though," Sirzechs said, and Rias sighed, staring down at her feet.

"I just...I just hoped that this might help me distinguish myself in the Underworld," she sighed, and he smiled.

"It will," Sirzechs said softly, and she looked up at him in surprise. "I'm not saying that you shouldn't do it, but it will need to be kept quiet for a while."

"How likely do you think it is that you'll be able to make a servant of this woman you unwittingly dragged into our dimension?" Ajuka asked.

"We just met, so I have no idea," Rias replied. "She was hungry, so I sent her along with Luna to eat at a local restaurant. She's the most friendly and welcoming of us by far, so if anyone could convince Ciri to stick around, at least for a while, it would be her. She strikes me as someone that I would need two knights or bishops for at the very least, and I just don't have those pieces left."

"We figure that, even if we don't manage to convince her to stick around, we might very well find someone like her eventually, and there's every possibility that they'd be just as powerful," Harry added. "We know that the ritual works now and that we can access other dimensions without relying on the Apocalypse Dragon's scales, which don't actually work very well."

"What do you mean?" Ajuka asked. "I had heard of what they do, but I've never come across one myself."

"They take you to a random universe for a while and then take you back," Rias replied. "You have no control over the process at all. We managed to contact Zekhail Bael, and he explained how he had researched the scales at length and ultimately discovered that they were largely useless."

"I can speak to the dead by the way," Harry replied. "One of the objects I absorbed to stabilize my transformation gave me the ability."

Ajuka chuckled at that, shaking his head. "You two are full of surprises. Now about this library; I imagine that your second set of evil pieces would be part of the deal to give me access to it."

"A small part," Venelana grinned. "It is a resource of House Gremory, and we would expect to benefit from anything that it helped you with in the future."

"We'll discuss that later, my lady," Ajuka said flatly. "That was where that odd scroll came from, correct?"

"It was," Rias nodded. "I'm hoping to visit the world it came from as well as the one that contains the quintessence."

"If we do this, no one outside of your peerage is to learn that you have two sets," Ajuka said. "Not even little Sona. Am I clear?"

"Crystal," Rias nodded.

"If that becomes more common, I suppose we'll just ensure that, for rating game purposes, devils can only bring one full peerage worth of servants with them," Sirzechs murmured. "That might actually make the games more interesting, forcing the rival kings to prepare for numerous possible combinations from their opponents."

"It will make things more challenging, certainly," Grayfia replied.

"I thought it would be years before you managed to make any progress on this front," Sirzechs said, smiling at Rias. "I underestimated you, little sister."

Rias beamed at the praise, and Harry smiled at her, taking her hand in his and rubbing her palm softly.

"Much of the credit should go to Harry," the redhead sighed, leaning her head on his shoulder. "If not for him, I'd have never learned about any of this."

"We'll have to go to Agreas, of course," Ajuka murmured. "You'll need to touch the king piece monument again to bind this set to you."

"Right," Rias nodded. "Shall we go now?"

"Yes," Ajuka replied. Turning to Venelana and Zeoticus, he said, "I'll be in touch tomorrow to discuss this further."

"We'll be looking forward to it," Zeoticus replied.

"I'll walk you out," Grayfia whispered to Sirzechs, who smiled at her.

"Whatever else, I am immensely proud of you, Rias," he said, hugging his sister. As he leaned in, he whispered, "I know being my sister can be challenging, but please don't feel like you need to prove yourself so much."

"I know I don't need to prove myself to you," Rias whispered back, "but at the end of the day, if I'll never be your equal in power, then I need to distinguish myself in other ways."

Sirzechs sighed and stepped back, looking to Harry and saying, "As you two go on your adventures to come, take care of her for me."

"I'd protect her with my life," the incubus assured him, and Sirzechs grasped his forearm.

"I know," he said before letting him go. "Let me know before you leave."

"We will," Rias nodded, watching him leave with Grayfia.

"Shall we?" Ajuka asked, conjuring a magic circle large enough for the three of them.

"Absolutely," Rias replied as she and Harry stepped inside and disappeared.

"She's more like you than even I realize sometimes," Zeoticus chuckled, sipping his tea and scowling before warming it back up.

"It all worked out in the end," Venelana grinned, warming her own tea and taking a sip. "The entire family is going to benefit greatly from Rias' discoveries, I just know it."

"The fact that we might well enjoy the sort of benefits from Lord Ajuka's research going forward that Minobella and Hafaer have from the evil pieces doesn't hurt either, of course," Zeoticus added, and her grin grew more devilish.

"Naturally not," Venelana murmured, already looking forward to tomorrow.

*****

"I really have come to love Japanese architecture," Asia said as she and Fleur approached the Delacour residence.

"It certainly has its charm," the Veela replied. "Have you ever been to France, Asia?"

"I spent a few months in the town of Ventimiglia, which is quite near the border, but that's the closest I've gotten," Asia replied.

"That, we will need to fix," Fleur said, and Asia smiled up at her.

"Thank you for being so welcoming," the other blonde sighed. "You've all been so wonderful since we met."

"You are a member of Rias' peerage, just like me," Fleur smiled. "That makes us family, in a way, something that you've not had much of before."

"I thought I did," Asia sighed. "For so much of my life, the church seemed like my family, but in the end, they didn't really want much to do with me."

"Well, rest assured that we are all more than happy to welcome you with open arms," Fleur beamed. "Thank you for agreeing to this."

"What happened to your father was horrible," Asia replied, shivering as she remembered the story she'd been told. "I'm so glad you managed to stop that evil man."

"As am…" Fleur went to say, only to freeze as she stood just outside the door to her parents' home.

"Is something wrong?" Asia asked.

"No, just...I felt something surprising," Fleur replied, figuring it best not to tell the hilariously innocent girl that she was fairly sure her mother had had sex not long ago. "Who did you meet, Maman? This wouldn't still be from when 'Arry and I were last here."

She knocked on the door, flaring her aura to make sure her mother sensed it was her, and started tapping one foot as she waited for her. A flare of desire belonging to someone other than her mother reached her senses, and she furrowed her brow when she realized it was a woman. The door opened a moment later, and her mother smiled at her, still trying to smooth her moussed hair and her hastily put-on blue kimono.

"Fleur, I wasn't aware you were...ah, bonjour," Apolline said as she spotted Asia. "We haven't met before."

"I'm Asia, Mrs. Delacour," Asia said, "a friend of Fleur's. Did we come at a bad time?"

"Oui, Maman," Fleur smirked. "Did we come at a bad time?"

"Not at all," Apolline replied, "though I do have a guest over whom you might like to meet. She's…"

"My, my," a husky female voice purred from just behind her. "You two really do look like you could be sisters."

"By the goddess," Fleur thought to herself as she took in the sight of her mother's lover.

She was a tall, very beautiful blonde with long wavy hair that fell to her shoulders, flawless porcelain skin, and golden eyes that practically shone with satisfaction. Like Apolline, her hair was also a bit of a mess, and her deep red gown wasn't on entirely straight. It was a very tight-fitting dress that showed off her voluptuous figure, and its plunging neckline not only revealed a tantalizingly deep valley of creamy cleavage but also the fresh love bite on the side of her right breast.

"Goodness, I think she might be curvier than Maman," Fleur thought to herself.

"Oh, like you're one to talk, Yasaka," Apolline grinned. "If not for how we met, I'd never have guessed you were old enough to be a mother. Fleur, Asia, please come in."

"How exactly did you meet?" Fleur asked as she stepped inside.

"My daughter, Kunou, has become a close friend of your sister's," Yasaka replied. "Anyway, as much as I'd like to stay and chat, I'm afraid I must be going."

"Take care," Apolline sighed, hugging her tightly.

"It was nice meeting you," Yasaka smiled at Fleur before turning to go.

"Likewise," the Veela purred, eyeing the beautiful blonde's thick, round ass through her gown as she walked out. "When did this happen?"

"It's very new," Apolline replied. "She reached out to your papa and me, wanting to meet the parents of the girl her daughter apparently couldn't shut up about, and the two of us became fast friends. Sebastian took one look at her and gave me permission before I even needed to ask. It turns out she's a widow and she's been so very understanding."

"Permission for what?" Asia asked, and Apolline cocked an eyebrow at her daughter.

"Maman and Yasaka had sex not long before we arrived," Fleur replied, and Asia squeaked, her eyes going wide in shock as she flushed scarlet.

"Wha...what?" she spluttered before blushing even harder as she realized what she'd just asked. "Nevermind, sorry."

"Oh, you're adorable," Apolline chuckled, feeling absolutely relaxed. "She knows about the situation with your papa, yes?"

"Yes," Fleur replied. "That's actually why we're here. I think Asia might be able to heal him."

"What?" Apolline breathed. "How?"

"I…" Asia went to say, still too embarrassed to speak.

"She has an innate healing ability," Fleur replied. "There's no guarantee that it will work on the after-effects of Nathresia's Bane, but it's worth a shot. Do you know when Papa will be back?"

"He and a few others from the Taiyo Institute have gone on a retreat to a place near Mount Fuji," Apolline replied, her heart racing in her chest at the thought of her husband being healed. "It's part of the recovery process, and we're not to disturb them, but…"

"When is he due back?" Fleur asked.

"In just over a week," Apolline replied.

"Hold off for now, then," Fleur replied. "There's no guarantee that this will work, and if not, I'd rather he stay in the program going forward."

"Right, right," Apolline breathed, smiling widely at Asia. "You really think you might be able to help him?"

"I do," Asia replied, having most recovered. "I've never healed extensive curse damage before, but I've also never run into anything I couldn't heal."

"This is wonderful," Apolline breathed. "Please, come it down. This calls for celebration and I have a creamy piece of camembert that I know will go perfectly with this chardonnay I've been saving."

Fleur smiled at that and sat down on a loveseat, gesturing for Asia to sit with her. "So this friend of Gabrielle's, why haven't I heard more about her?"

"You haven't?" Apolline asked. "She's practically all that she writes to your papa and me about. I wouldn't be shocked to learn that she's taken her to bed before the end of the school term."

Fleur chuckled at that and smiled as her mother sat down, happy to see her so happy again.

"I doubt we'll be leaving for one of these other worlds any time soon, but I'll be certain to make sure Asia at least attempts to heal Papa before we go," Fleur thought to herself, wondering how Luna was doing with Ciri.

*****

"I'm so sorry," the princess sighed as Luna finished telling her about the loss of her father and how Harry, Rias, and Akeno avenged him and Hermione's parents.

"Thank you," the blonde whispered. "The anniversary's coming up in a couple months, and I...I can't believe it's nearly been a year."

"I understand that all too well," Ciri said. "A few years ago now my whole world was ripped out from under me. My kingdom was invaded by the forces of a neighboring empire, and my grandmother, the queen, and so many others were killed."

"That's horrible," Luna breathed, reaching out and resting a hand on hers. "I'm so sorry. How did you escape?"

"My grandmother ordered a few knights to get me out, though they all died on our journey," Ciri replied. "Eventually, I found someone who could keep me safe, a powerful witcher named Geralt."

"Witcher?" Luna asked.

"The short answer is that they're monster hunters," Ciri replied. Chuckling, she added, "The long answer would take long enough for the owner of this place to start giving us dirty looks."

Luna chuckled at that and sipped her tea. "So what do you think?"

"The katsu, as that guy called it, was fantastic, and this soup is really good too," Ciri replied. "What did he call it again?"

"Miso," Luna replied. "Rias would know what that means, but I'm rather new here."

"So you and Hermione moved with Harry after he came here to marry Rias," Ciri murmured, trying to figure out who everyone was to each other. "You must be really close friends."

"Officially, we came because Sirius, his godfather, moved here, and he's our guardian, but mostly it was because we're in love with him," Luna replied, and Ciri, who had been about to bring her spoon back to her mouth, went still.

"Huh?" she asked. "But Rias…"

"Oh, we love her too," Luna replied, smiling serenely.

"Is that...normal in these parts?" Ciri asked.

"No, but I've never been one to concern myself with what is and isn't normal," Luna replied. "Harry, Hermione, Fleur, Rias, Akeno, Koneko, and I are all happy together, so what does it matter what anyone else thinks?"

"That's...impressive of him," Ciri murmured. "You're all with him willingly, yes?"

"Oh, very willingly," Luna chuckled. "I don't think any other guy could have compared to him even before he became an incubus."

"Incubus?" Ciri asked, growing tense.

"You've heard of them?" Luna asked curiously.

"I know the term," Ciri replied warily. "In my world, incubi and succubi are horned creatures with cloven feet, who charm and seduce humans so they can feed off of their energy, sometimes to the point of killing them."

"Harry doesn't have cloven feet," Luna chuckled, "and he has such control over his energy-sucking ability that he'd never take more than we were willing to give him."

"I...see," Ciri murmured, wondering just what she'd stumbled into. "A harem of this sort would be possible for an incubus in my world, though most would be too wary of attracting a witcher's attention, not that most witchers would bother hurting them unless specifically hired to."

"You said he became an incubus?" Ciri asked.

"Yeah, we were all turned into devils by Rias," Luna replied. "Harry was just very unique and became a very special type of devil. The others all say it's because of something this really powerful and evil devil did to him as a baby, but personally I wonder if it isn't just because he has a very, very large penis."

Ciri stared at her in shock for a moment before snorting, saying, "You're being rather open, considering that we just met and we're in public."

"No one can hear a word we say," Luna replied. "I placed a silencing charm on the area around our table when we first got here. As for you being a stranger, that's true, but I get the sense you're really nice and that we're going to be good friends, provided you decide to stay here."

"Rias would certainly like that, I'm sure," Ciri murmured. "I've been around enough to know when someone wants to use my ability."

"With or without it, we'd manage to travel to the world we seek," Luna replied. "We're trying to make something that would help us heal people, for numerous reasons, and there's a thing we need for it that can only be found in one specific world. We're not going to try to force you to help us if you're worried about that, and if you choose to move on to another world, that will be sad, because I think we really could be friends, but none of us will stand in your way."

"Truth be told, this world is likely as good as any for my purposes," Ciri murmured as she finished her soup.

"Would you mind telling me what you're running from?" Luna asked, and Ciri sighed.

"More than I'd care to think of," the ashen-haired beauty muttered. "I actually believe you when you say you'd not try to force me to use my powers to help you, and I'm amazed that I do."

"Because everyone else has tried to?" Luna asked.

"Since Cintra fell, I've been pursued by kings who saw me as a way to secure a claim to it; the emperor who murdered my grandmother because, it turns out, he wanted to seize me, marry me, and impregnate me despite being my father; elves who also wanted to impregnate me because they consider the traces of elf-blood in my veins to be stolen property; and an evil sorcerer who was somehow worse than almost all of them," Ciri muttered, watching Luna's big silver eyes grow wider and wider as she finished her rant. "I'll miss Geralt, the man who protected me, and Yennefer, his lover, and the friends I've made since then dearly, but if I ever see my world again, it will be too soon."

"You're safe here," Luna whispered, taking her hand in hers as she stared into her eyes. "None of them will reach you here."

"Vilgefortz, the sorcerer I mentioned, is dead, and the humans among the bunch couldn't reach me on any other world, but there is a chance that the elves might," Ciri sighed. "You seem really sweet, and the others seem nice too, and I wouldn't want to endanger you."

"Even if they did and proved too much for us, Rias' brother could destroy them all with a snap of his fingers," Luna smiled. "He could probably destroy whole planets if he wanted to."

"Seriously?" Ciri asked, her eyes going wide.

"He's insanely powerful," Luna murmured, tracing her finger over a scar on Ciri's forearm. "Asia could heal this one too, if you wanted. Personally, I find scars kind of sexy, but…"

"No, thank you, though," Ciri smiled. "The one on my cheek, I despised, and I am so happy to be rid of it, but the others...I earned them, you know? They're proof that I survived everything."

"I understand that," Luna said, sitting back and finishing her tea. "How about this? Stay with us for a week or two; we have plenty of room at the Rookery, and treat it like a sort of vacation, something I'm getting the sense you really need. Relax, refresh, try to get your mind off of everything, and then decide from there if you want to stick around longer or move on."

"Are you sure the others wouldn't object?" Ciri asked.

"Yes, though even if they did, the Rookery is mine, so it wouldn't matter," Luna replied simply.

"Wait, that tower is yours?" Ciri asked. "You said Sirius was your guardian, and Rias just seems to be in charge in general."

"It's my family home," Luna replied. "When we moved to Japan, I decided to take it with me, and we've been living in it ever since."

"You...took the tower with you?" Ciri asked, confused. "How?"

"It all started centuries ago when an ancestor of mine was playing chess with his dog," Luna began, hoping dearly that the beautiful otherworldly woman would decide to stay. She could hardly seduce her into their bed if she left, after all.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: May 26, 2026
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Markuz Black, Brawlingbard, Child of the Omnissiah and 170 others
voivode_writer
May 26, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 56 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Jun 9, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,115
Akeno whimpered and pulled on her chains from the corner, so horny she felt like she was in heat. It had been hours, she was sure, though she'd long since lost track of time while watching the others have their orgy. It was maddening, enough to drive her completely insane, and if not for Harry's gift, she'd have never agreed to put up with this for as long as she had, but when he told her what they could do, she found the idea too tempting not to agree.

All around her the debauchery was over the top even for them, as hours of being fucked by an incubus flexing his powers had driven them all utterly wild with lust. Hermione was lying on a chaise lounge, covered in sweat and still shaking like a leaf from the mind-melting orgasms Harry had driven her to. She's been the most recent one to bathe in the pleasures of his touch, and as she just lay there, twitching and staring off at nothing with glassy, unfocused eyes while smiling widely, she'd have looked well-fucked even if her hair wasn't a total mess and her poor, bright pink pussy wasn't gaping as badly as it was.

The others had had more time to recover from their most recent round with him and were piled around, enjoying each other while he was busy. Rias was grinding her dripping quim on Koneko's face, moaning and crying out as the nekomata ate her out, while Luna pumped four fingers in and out of the white-haired girl, whose legs were shaking nearly as badly as Hermione's.

"Mmm, you're taking them so well," Luna grinned. "I think you're ready for the thumb."

"Do it," Rias moaned. "I want you to wear my...oh, fuck, just like that...my darling little kitty here like a hand puppet."

Koneko's muffled scream at that was all the permission Luna needed, and she quickly worked in her thumb, pushing her entire hand inside her pussy. Akeno salivated at the sight, both wanting to try that herself and knowing that it was only possible because Harry had fucked the shit out of Koneko earlier. She's returned to normal, of course; they always did, but knowing that his big, thick cock had stretched the smallest member of their harem out so much that she was able to take a fist in her pussy as easily as she had was enough to make the raven-haired beauty cum on the spot.

"Uh, uh, uh," Fleur purred from behind her. "We wouldn't want you to ruin things after being such a good girl for so long."

The Veela tapped a finger against Akeno's diamond buttplug, and she felt her arousal wane just a touch, enough to keep her on that madness-inducing plateau she'd been stuck on for what felt like days, and she growled.

"I hope...you know...I'm going to get you for this," Akeno panted and Fleur giggled.

"Oh, I certainly hope so, my dear," the blonde grinned, moving around her and tracing a finger down along her sweat-slicked abdomen. "Fuck, I could lick every inch of you. Maybe later, I will."

Akeno whimpered at that visual, struggling against the chains she was hanging from. She could have escaped, of course, or just broken the chains if she wished, but she didn't truly want to, enjoying the edging torture of it all, even if she'd started to hate it too. An orgasmic squeal from the center of the room stole her attention, and she let out a shuddering breath as she saw the source of it shaking and convulsing in pleasure while Harry continued to pound her from behind like a whore.

"I'm surprised you...looked away," she panted, looking at Fleur, who sighed and looked over at the greatest show on display for them.

"I like seeing her enjoy herself, but...it will take me a little while to see this without feeling some level of regret," the Veela sighed. "I know they both swear it had nothing to do with 'Arry, but I...I can't help but feel responsible."

Akeno sighed at that, not knowing what to say as she remembered what had led them to this point, or at least the story she'd been told.

*****

"So you possess some gift for healing magic?" Sebastian asked warily as he stared down at Asia.

"It's not really magic, at least in the sense that you know it," Asia replied.

"Asia's right, Papa," Fleur said. "She has what's known as a Sacred Gear, a magical...artifact, I suppose you could say, inside her. It's something she was born with, apparently at the will of the biblical deity."

"Really?" Apolline asked. "How does it work?"

"I used to think that it was just the Lord responding to my prayers, but in truth, it's a power inside me that I can call on to heal people," Asia replied, conjuring a knife and slicing it along her palm, wincing as she did so.

"What in the…" Sebastian went to ask, only to trail off as she turned her hand over, hovered the other one over it, and, in a flash of green light, healed the cut. Drawing his wand, he vanished her blood and said, "You didn't cast a spell of any kind."

"It's not a spell," Asia smiled. "I wasn't a witch before I became a devil, and your magic is something I never learned, but this I was born with, and it's just instinctive."

"So you should be able to heal the lasting damage done to Sebastian?" Apolline asked, her voice full of hope.

"I can try," Asia replied. "I can heal pretty much any physical injury on a living being, and even scar tissue I can dissolve."

"Healer Yamamoto did say that part of your problem might be scarring from the curse," Apolline murmured, and Sebastian sighed.

"He also said that the damage might extend beyond the physical," he said, and Apolline hissed.

"Why do you insist on being so negative!?" the older Veela exclaimed.

"Maman!" Fleur exclaimed. "Papa is just…"

"It's alright, mon ange," Sebastian said softly. "Apolline, I am not trying to be negative but merely to stop you from getting your hopes up too much. As they say in the Taiyo Clinic, the first step towards healing is accepting what is instead of what we want to be."

"How will this work?" Apolline asked tiredly, looking at Asia.

"I'll need to examine Mister Delacour here...with clothes," Asia stammered. "I should be able to find lasting damage if there is any and then work to heal it. If you could lie down here…"

"Allow me," Apolline murmured, transfiguring their living room table into a rather tall bed that Sebastian immediately settled down on.

"Alright," Asia smiled, hovering her hands over his head. "I'll see what I can...oh, wow, you have quite a few scars."

"I was in magical law enforcement for many, many years," Sebastian sighed. "You should see some of the less lucky living ones."

"That Moody man made you look like a newborn babe," Fleur murmured, and Sebastian nodded.

"That one's seen more combat than most aurors ever dream of," he said. "Even in France, he is a legend. I was genuinely surprised to learn that someone had managed to abduct him and take his place like that."

"What?" Asia asked.

"It was a part of how 'Arry was forced into the tournament we both took part in last year," Fleur replied. "Goodness, I can't believe it's nearly been a year since that whole mess started."

"A mess that turned out well for you, my dear," Sebastian murmured as Asia's hands came to hover just above his crotch and she went still.

"Dear G...I need to find a new name for when I'm surprised," Asia grumbled.

"That bad?" Sebastian asked.

"It's...I honestly don't know what I'm feeling," Asia admitted.

"That would be the curse," Fleur said.

"I dealt with people who had suffered curses once or twice," Asia replied. "This feels different. Darker."

"It was one of the darkest curses ever devised," Sebastian replied, gasping as her hands began to glow green.

"Sebastian?" Apolline asked breathlessly.

"It...I feel lighter in some way," Sebastian replied as her healing magic took effect.

"There's definitely scarring in here," Asia murmured.

There had been a time when healing damage of this nature would have bothered her on some level, but she'd healed so many people of so many different types of injuries over the years that she had developed an almost clinical approach to it, at least emotionally. She could feel the damage and tried her best to heal what she could, but while the physical damage healed easily enough, as she pulled back, she couldn't help but feel that there had been something there that she couldn't quite get a grasp of.

"How do you feel?" she asked.

"Better," Sebastian murmured. "I wasn't in pain anymore, but I guess there was a little tightness that I'd simply gotten used to, and it seems to be gone."

"And me?" Apolline asked, cupping his cheek and turning his head towards her, only to swallow thickly in disappointment when she didn't feel anything coming from him.

Fleur closed her eyes, sensing, as her mother did, that her father felt no desire for her at all. Veela couldn't help but notice such things, and for her mother, who would have felt her husband's desire for her as a comforting constant every day since they met, the absence of it had to be heartbreaking.

"What's wrong?" Asia asked, noticing how everyone's mood soured.

"You did well, my girl, but the damage done to me went beyond the physical," Sebastian sighed. "Thank you for trying."

"I'm sorry," Asia sighed.

"It's okay, Papa," Fleur assured him. "We have a genuine lead on the final piece we need to make a Philosopher's Stone, and with it…"

"Even the elixir of life couldn't heal damage done to my very soul, Fleur," Sebastian sighed as he stood up.

"What are you saying?" Apolline asked.

"I'm going to head over to the Taiyo Clinic and see if I can meet with Healer Yamamoto," Sebastian replied. "With the physical damage healed, he might be able to recommend other treatments."

Without another word, he apparated out, and Apolline sat down heavily, undoing her transfiguration and burying her face in her hands.

"Maman, what was that?" Fleur asked. "Even before Asia tried to heal him, he seemed so...melancholic."

"I do not know," Apolline muttered. "Your papa, he is rarely home these days, and when he is, it is like we are two ships passing each other in the night. He hasn't mentioned his treatments in a while, and believe me, I've asked."

"That's…" Fleur went to say.

"Don't say it's not like him because it is," Apolline sighed. "I learned a long time ago that when Sebastian wishes not to worry me, he says nothing because he knows I can tell when he's lying. I'll corner him later and see what I can get by insisting; let me worry about him for now."

"I hate this," Fleur sighed.

"I'm sorry," Asia murmured, staring down at her feet, and Fleur smiled sadly at her before hugging her tightly, making her squeak.

"Don't apologize," she said. "You tried to help him, and it sounds like you managed more than anyone else has so far."

*****

"Harder!" Apolline screamed. "Fucking destroy me, you horse-cocked devil! Fuck me until my mind goes completely blank!"

"As you wish," Harry grunted, digging his fingers into her fleshy hips and picking up his pace.

His hips were a blur, and the wet sound of flesh smacking against flesh echoed through the air as he fucked her hard and fast. She bit down on the pillow in front of her, shrieking at the top of her lungs as pleasure thundered through her so intensely it was enough to make her cry. This was what she needed; a young, fit, incredibly well-hung man to fuck her into a stupor so she couldn't think about what she was avoiding at home. She was rocking herself back against him in time with his thrusts, grinning when the sight of her plump ass cheeks jiggling and rippling with his every thrust made him groan, and buried her face in that pillow, desperately wishing that fucking her daughter's boyfriend wasn't her greatest escape from her life just then.

Her orgasm hit without warning, shattering her and making her shriek in ecstasy, and yet even in the haze of that pleasure, she couldn't help but remember why she'd been staying at the Rookery for the past few days.

*****

"Sebastian, we need to talk," Apolline called out the moment he appeared through the floo.

"Indeed we do," her husband sighed, walking in and pouring himself a glass of his favorite armagnac.

"Talk to me," Apolline all but begged. "You've been distant for a little while now, and I want to know why."

"The program set up by the Taiyo Clinic is incredible, and the benefits it's had on my basic mental well-being have been incredible," Sebastian replied. "I've managed to let go of things in the past couple months that I didn't even know were still bothering me, and it truly has been wonderful."

"The fact that you've felt so at peace is why I didn't start questioning you sooner," Apolline murmured.

"What I didn't know is that they've been running subtle tests on me the entire time," Sebastian replied, "and what they've found is…"

"What?" Apolline asked, blinking away the tears that formed in her eyes as her mind went to the worst possibilities.

"The curse that was used on me, it did more than physical damage," Sebastian replied. "We knew that before, as it was a thing of soul magic, but the healers here have come to believe that some of what I've experienced since has been specifically because of those aspects of it, and what that young girl did today confirmed their worst suspicions."

"What does that mean?" Apolline asked. "You...they think you're not going to get better?"

"They think that it didn't just render me physically impotent but that I've lost the ability to feel arousal of any kind," Sebastian replied, "and while my body might heal in time, the curse of the spirit is very likely permanent."

"No," Apolline breathed. "No, we..."

"Apolline, I know you've felt how little I feel when I look at you and I hate that you've had to," Sebastian sighed. "I desired you more than life itself from the day we met, before I should have, probably."

"I was of age," Apolline smiled sadly, and he returned the look.

"You were so young and so beautiful," Sebastian whispered, taking her hands. "You are just as beautiful today, and I know that objectively, but when I look at you now, it's like looking at a beautiful painting or a field of flowers, and it is not fair to you to keep forcing you to feel that."

"What are you saying?" Apolline asked, desperately not wanting the answer.

"I...Healer Yamamoto is going to be leading a number of apprentice healers on a retreat to the Himalayan Mountains, and he's invited me to go along," Sebastian replied, and Apolline furrowed her brow.

"For how long?" she asked.

"Six months," Sebastian replied, and her jaw dropped.

"Six months?!" Apolline exclaimed, jumping to her feet. "Why? Why would you want to go along with the apprentice healers anyway?"

"Because I think I might enjoy learning from them," Sebastian replied. "I can't be an auror anymore, but I gained a lot of experience with treating injuries in the field during my career, and over the past couple months I've realized that I knew more of healing magic than I thought. This could be a viable career path for me going forward."

"There are ways to pursue becoming a healer that don't involve spending half a year in the mountains," Apolline hissed.

"I know that, and it's not the only reason why I think this would be a good idea," Sebastian sighed. "We would continue my treatment during it, but they're increasingly coming to fear that what ails me is not curable and…"

"Then we find other healers!" Apolline exclaimed.

"Apolline, I know you well enough to know that, like me, you've been researching other clinics while we've been here," Sebastian sighed. "Have you found anything with a reputation like the Taiyo clinic?"

"No, but that doesn't...you've been looking at other places?" Apolline asked. "The way you've been speaking about them for ages now, I would have thought you weren't bothering."

"Never have only one plan," Sebastian murmured. "I taught you that once, long ago."

"The other reason you have for this...it's us, isn't it?" Apolline asked.

"I see the look in your eye every time I look at you without the desire I once felt, and it's killing me disappointing you like that," Sebastian sighed.

"I love you," Apolline wept, and he hugged her.

"I love you too," Sebastian whispered.

"Then don't go," Apolline begged.

"I'm not the man you married anymore, though," Sebastian sighed, letting her go and stepping back, "and it looks increasingly like that isn't going to change. I care too much for you to keep you shackled to a husband who cannot be a husband to you."

"What about Fleur and Gabrielle?" Apolline asked.

"I am still their father, and I will always be there for them," Sebastian said. "I'll return for Yule this year, and we'll bring Gabby home as we planned."

"What would we tell them?" Apolline asked.

"That we still love them and we still love each other, and while some aspects of our lives might change, that never will," Sebastian sighed, running a hand over his face and through his hair.

"Is this...is this about...the lovers I've tak…" Apolline tried to ask, and he shook his head, taking her hand in his.

"No, it isn't," Sebastian said, cutting her off. "This is about me trying to figure out where my life is going to go next. I cannot do the only job I've ever had anymore, and I cannot, in truth, be a proper husband to you. I need to sort out the direction I'm going to take, and I cannot ask you to come with me on this next part."

*****

They'd argued from there, but nothing had changed. He felt that the next direction of his life wasn't going to include her and that she was better off free of him and there was no changing his mind. He'd left a couple days later, and she'd gone to the Rookery, a sobbing mess, seeking comfort and help and found plenty. As Harry came inside her with a strangled grunt, she gasped and fell forward, luxuriating in the peace she only found at his hands these days.

"That was beautiful," Luna murmured as Harry pulled out of Apolline, crawling over and lapping up his seed as it spilled from the older woman's overstuffed quim.

He looked over at Koneko, who had gone utterly limp after cumming around the blonde's hand, and chuckled at the blissed-out look on her face.

"You were incredible," Rias purred, kissing the white-haired girl softly before turning to Akeno and grinning. "Have you had enough?"

"I had had enough in the first thirty minutes," her queen replied, crying out when Fleur leaned down and blew on her throbbing clit.

"Poor baby," Harry chuckled as he walked over, his still-hard cock swinging freely with his every step. "How are you enjoying my gifts?"

"The torture is exquisite," Akeno purred. "I've been on the edge of orgasm for hours thanks to these."

"I think I might need a pair myself," Fleur grinned, cupping Akeno's breasts and looking at the pair of barbell piercings in her nipples. "They seem to be incredible."

"You felt everything?" Harry asked.

"Every bit of pleasure you felt made them radiate pure bliss through me," Akeno replied, gasping when he walked around her and licked a trail through the salty sweat covering her back. "Please, Harry, stop teasing me. I need to cum so badly."

"You look so fucking beautiful like this," Harry whispered in her ear. "Hanging from the ceiling and utterly dripping sweat. If I left you like this for days, do you think you could take it?"

"Oh, fuck!" Akeno cried. "I'd go mad."

"But part of you wants to, huh?" Harry asked. "My mad, wonderful, little masochistic slut."

"Your slut!" Akeno cried. "I'm your slut; oh, please fuck me, Harry."

"It is starting to border on cruelty," Hermione chuckled, having regained her senses. Looking down at Apolline, she couldn't help but ask, "This really doesn't bother you being here with all of us?"

"You should see the orgies they hold in the Veela communes," Fleur sighed. "The stories Maman used to tell when I was a girl, nothing excited my imagination more, at least until I met 'Arry."

"Veela are not human, 'Ermione," Apolline reminded her. "By the goddess, you're good at that, Luna."

"Thanks," Luna beamed. "You taste really, really good."

"I'm fisting you back later," Koneko breathed as she sat up. "Holy fuck, I can't feel my legs."

"Yay!" Luna exclaimed. "I always wanted friends just like this."

Hermione shook her head fondly and looked over at Akeno just as Harry sank to his knees in front of her.

"Fuck, you actually left a puddle down here," Harry chuckled, swiping his fingers through the vaginal fluids on the floor. "Maybe I should make you lick it up later."

"Fuck!" Akeno cried, nearly cumming from his words alone. "Harry, please, just...YEEESSS!"

She squealed as he leaned in and started speaking Parseltongue directly against her clit, making her cum harder than she ever had in her life. The hours of edging were nearly enough to drive her insane, but the orgasmic reward she got for them was more than worth it, and she flailed around wildly as she squirted all over the place. Apolline turned around to look at her and sighed, shaking her head at the sight.

"This is fun but it isn't...truly what I need," she thought to herself. "Harry and the others seem more than capable of taking care of my needs and downright eager to do so, and I'll happily let them indulge me, but it's not like I'll ever date any of them or anything."

She put those thoughts out of her mind and chose to focus on the orgy seeming to wind down around her. Her situation with Sebastion was too new and her feelings too raw to focus on anything more complicated than these simple pleasures, and so she chose not to bother.

"I wish I could have killed Diarmid Lynch myself," she thought to herself, trying to put her rage at how her life had been changed out of her mind too.

*****

"That is marvelous," Ciri sighed as Asia finished healing a rather bad scar on her right side.

"It's all done," the other blonde murmured, backing away as Ciri put her simple white tank top back on. "You really didn't need to undress."

"I wanted to watch it happen," she said, pointing to the mirror. "Your ability is incredible. I've seen a lot of healing magic in my time, but never quite on the level of yours."

"It's a gift," Asia murmured. "You and Fleur managed to find clothes you liked on your trip."

"We did," Ciri murmured. "I think she wanted to dress me in greater finery than I settled on, but after years on the road, I developed a fondness for simpler things."

"Living in a place that drips wealth like this one has been a bit of an adjustment for me too," Asia chuckled, looking around. "Growing up, I was taught to live within simple means, and that doing otherwise was sinful, though I was taught many things that I've come to question."

Ciri noted the slight bitterness in her voice at that and chose not to comment. She'd gotten a pretty good sense of just who these odd devils she'd been taken in by were in the two weeks she'd stayed with them, and Asia, for all her bubbly nature and openness, seemed to hide a wellspring of pain at her core. She'd gotten a little of the reason for that, how the poor girl had been betrayed by seemingly everyone she knew before she met Rias and the others, and that was something she understood all too well.

"I…" she went to say when they were interrupted by the sudden appearance of Akeno and Harry, neither of whom wore more than a simple robe.

"Oh!" Asia exclaimed, flushing scarlet at the sight of them while Ciri tried not to openly wrinkle her nose.

"I've been in actual whorehouses that didn't reek as much of cunt as they do right now," she thought to herself in amusement.

"This really isn't necessary," Akeno grumbled. "I put the damn thing back in."

"Akeno dislocated her right shoulder," Harry explained, paying her no heed. "We got it back in the socket but…"

"Goodness, let me get that," Asia breathed, hovering her hands over Akeno's clearly irritated shoulder. "Wait, how did you...I thought you were…"

"You probably don't want to know," the raven-haired beauty replied, chuckling when Asia blushed even harder. "Let's just say it wasn't one of my best ideas."

"How one can dislocate their shoulder in an orgy, I really can't fathom," Ciri thought to herself as she watched the blonde work her magic.

Living with the odd group, it had been all but impossible not to notice that Luna hadn't been exaggerating in the slightest about their dynamic. Rias, Akeno, Hermione, Koneko, Fleur, and the unusual blonde did all share Harry and, seemingly, each other. It was a relationship she really couldn't understand, and it immediately made her more suspicious of his nature as an incubus, but between the fact that they all insisted most of them had started sleeping with him before he awakened that nature and how they all were with each other, she'd ultimately concluded that there was no degree of mind control at work there.

The strangest part of all was Harry himself, who, far from being like she'd have expected any other man with such a harem of beauties to be, was genuinely caring, loving, and respectful with all of them. She'd have expected him to behave like the worst kings she'd ever met or the more hedonistic among the Aen Elle, but it wasn't the case. He didn't force them to share him in any way or influence them through any sort of magic that she'd managed to detect, but simply accepted the love they had for him and returned it eagerly, something that honestly baffled her.

Of course, that wasn't all that it did to her.

"What manner of a man can keep up with that many women?" she couldn't help but wonder. "Fleur even got him to keep her mother satisfied after her marriage fell apart, and I can't even begin to understand that impulse."

They weren't under his spell, that much she'd figured out, but they were entranced by him regardless. Just seeing the way they all looked at him was enough to make her feel hot, something not helped by how incredibly attractive they all were.

"The sex must be insane," she thought to herself, figuring that had to be the reason they were all so willing to share. "Of course, they all share each other as well, so it's not as though he has to take care of all of them on his own."

"There," Asia smiled. "Um, what's that smell?"

"Love," Akeno purred, and the blonde let out an eep, realizing what she meant.

"I...err...left something in my room," Asia stammered, keeping her gaze on the floor as she ran out.

"I'm going to miss that delightful innocence of hers when you finally fuck it out of her," Akeno sighed, and Harry rolled his eyes.

"Akeno, we've talked about this," he muttered, and she giggled.

"Please," Akeno scoffed. "She wants you, and you're you, Harry. Some things are inevitable."

"So how exactly did you manage to dislocate your shoulder in bed?" Ciri asked. "If you don't mind me asking."

"Not at all," Akeno purred, her stretching her arms over her head and letting her robe open up just enough to give Ciri a slight glimpse of her incredible breasts. "I was chained to the ceiling and left hanging as Harry fucked the others senseless, teasing me to the edge over and over again until I thought I was going to go mad."

"Akeno, she might not want all the details," Harry chuckled, embracing her from behind and cocking an eyebrow at Ciri, who suppressed a shiver as she felt heat pool in her core.

"Oh, I don't mind," the former princess replied. "I'm no blushing maiden, but I just couldn't picture how such an injury was possible during sex. I take it, you didn't unchain her before getting her off?"

"Got it in one," Akeno grinned. "Anyway, we should get back and let the others know I'm fine."

With that, the two of them disappeared, and Ciri let out a shuddering breath, shaking her head.

"They make the witchers look chaste," she chuckled to herself as she looked out the window at the town below.

This world might not have been the one she intended to go to when she opened a portal from Malus Island, but she couldn't say that she was unhappy with how things had turned out. The hosts she'd unwittingly stumbled upon had proven themselves to be most generous, something that she knew was partially motivated by their fascination with her abilities, but she'd become used to that, and she actually believed them when they said that she was free to go whenever she wanted.

"How sad that that's how low my bar is for people," Ciri muttered to herself.

Shrugging, she made her way downstairs and smiled when she saw Sirius having a rather animated discussion with Gnarl.

"I'm just saying that this hotel idea sounds delightfully evil," the aged minion chuckled. "If we could pull it off, who knows what people might be willing to give in order to finally get out?"

"We're not making a real Hotel California, Gnarl," Sirius sighed, shaking his head.

"I just think...ah, Ciri," Gnarl grinned. "Tell me, have you ever come across an inn that people could check into but couldn't truly leave?"

"No, I can't say I have," Ciri murmured, wondering if it was actually worth getting Harry to use the language charm he had on her. The devils she'd already been able to commune with, since they instinctively knew her language, but Sirius and Gnarl, not to mention the other minions and any guests that came by, had been a different story.

"It's just a song, mate," Sirius chuckled. "I still can't believe that bloke put his entire record collection up on that last hand."

"His despair when you won warmed the cockles of my heart," Gnarl sighed happily.

"Ciri, could I have a word with you?" Rias asked, and she looked over to see the redhead wearing a fluffy robe with her hair wrapped in a towel, having clearly just finished bathing.

"Of course," Ciri replied, following her out. Once they were out of earshot, she murmured, "I have to say it is kind of funny that, while you're devils, the only truly evil one here is Gnarl."

"I've taken to considering him comic relief, really," Rias chuckled. "He's largely harmless, I assure you."

"What's this about?" Ciri asked, tensing as she wondered if the other woman was about to do what she promised she wouldn't and pressure her about her decision on her offer.

"I'm having a couple friends over in a bit, and it would likely be best if you steered clear of at least one of them," Rias replied. "They're my cousin and her cousin, and both are powerful enough that they might sense your power."

"And then wonder why a human who feels like I do is living with you," Ciri nodded. "Fleur promised to show me around Kyoto today, and I imagine she and her mother will be leaving soon, so I can go with them."

"Perfect," Rias smiled.

"Rias...thank you for keeping your word," Ciri sighed. "So many different people have tried to use me over the last few years, and to be given full time and space, it…"

"I meant what I said the day after we met," Rias said softly. "I would love to make you a member of my peerage and your abilities would be incalculably helpful to us all, but I will not force or pressure you into joining us. If you choose to move on, we'll wish you well and look for other ways to do what we want to."

"I could try to take you to this odd world you wish to visit without becoming a devil," Ciri murmured. "It's the least I could do to repay you for your hospitality."

"Yes, but you said yourself that your control over your power isn't absolute," Rias replied, and Ciri took a deep breath.

"Do you truly think that becoming one of you would help that?" she asked.

"I can't say for certain," Rias replied honestly, "but I do know that when someone who possesses an innate power, be it a Sacred Gear or something else, becomes a devil, their ability to control that power generally improves. It's entirely possible that devilry would allow you to become more in-tune with the gifts of this elder blood and thus, through sheer demonic power, bend reality itself to your will. From what you've told me of the things you can do, I think that your potential is incredible."

"So I've been told," Ciri muttered.

"I said that I won't pressure you to make a decision, and I mean that, but there is one thing that I must say," Rias murmured. "If those odd elves you mentioned the other day ever were to find a way to reach you, you would be safer here, as a member of my peerage and family, than you would anywhere else."

"Because of how your Evil Piece would enhance me?" Ciri asked, and Rias grinned, shaking her head.

"Because of my brother," Rias replied. "Sirzechs can lay waste to entire armies at will, and being a friend of mine grants you his protection as well. You've lived on the run since you were a girl, Ciri, but here, you wouldn't need to run from anything ever again."

"Rias, your guests are here!" Sirius called out.

"Except them," Rias winced and Ciri chuckled, shaking her head.

"I'll go find Fleur and take her up on her offer," the ashen-haired beauty replied, disappearing in a flash of green light.

Rias smiled to herself, knowing instinctively that she'd been very tempting just then, and made her way to the anteroom, where Latia Astaroth and Seekvaira stood waiting for her.

"Rias," her green-haired cousin beamed, rushing to hug her.

Rias hugged her back happily and looked at Latia, who was staring down at Gnarl curiously.

"What in the world are you?" the blonde asked haughtily.

"I am Gnarl, Miss, the minion master," the aged creature replied.

"It's a long story," Rias said before he could say anything else. "It's nice to see you again, Latia."

"Indeed," the Astaroth girl replied. "I must say, this tower isn't quite what I pictured when you said you had a new home."

"It does seem more like something Sona would live in," Seekvaira said, and Rias chuckled.

"It belonged to the family of one of my pawns, and when she and the others moved here, she offered to bring it over for us," the redhead explained, earning a curious look from Latia. "Please, come along. There's something that I need to tell you both."

"Is it about Harry?" Seekvaira asked quietly, and Rias nodded.

She led the two of them to one of the sitting rooms, and with a wave of her hand, summoned a pot of tea and cups from the kitchen and started pouring. Seekvaira sat down next to her, looking quite excited, while Latia sat across from them, looking far more aloof. The blonde's almond-shaped blue eyes regarded her curiously, and she pulled an ornate fan from between her large, full breasts and started fanning herself.

"That's a lovely dress," Rias murmured, looking her up and down and noting how well the silver gown she was wearing clung to her incredible figure. "Is that real fur?"

"Ermine," Latia murmured, ghosting her fingers over the white fur trim that covered her shoulders. "I do love the look of it, even if it does earn me increasingly dirty looks on Earth."

"Most humans, at least in the Western world, have come to deem the wearing of fur to be wrong," Seekvaira explained, and Latia scoffed.

"Humans are fools," she muttered. "Stoats have infested New Zealand terribly, and Daddy and I do them a favor by hunting them now and then. How can making use of them after we've killed them be wrong?"

"I don't exactly disagree," Rias murmured, handing her her tea and looking over at Seekvaira.

Unlike the glamorous Latia, who looked like she was going to be attending a gala of some sort, her cousin was dressed far more simply, wearing a simple button-up white shirt and a black skirt that reached her knees.

"So, before you tell us, can I give my best guess?" Seekvaira asked, and Rias chuckled.

"Go for it," the redhead replied. "If you get this right, I'll be incredibly impressed."

"Harry's the descendant of one of the extinct houses, isn't he?" Seekvaira asked. "I'm guessing Valefor, given his looks."

"That...would actually explain why Lady Venelana seemed so eager to have you marry him," Latia murmured. "You're not showing yet, so it's likely not that you're pregnant."

"I'm not pregnant, no, and Harry isn't the descendant of one of the pillar clans either," Rias replied. "He's an incubus."

They both blinked at her in confusion at that, each one looking for some sign that she was joking with them.

"An...that's not possible," Seekvaira breathed.

"How?" Latia asked. "As far as any of us know, the Tyrant and his forces hunted them to extinction."

"They did, and Harry wasn't the descendant of one of them either," Rias replied. "What I'm about to tell you is a secret of the utmost importance. My family is aware of it at this point because of my personal connection to it, but other than them, the only person connected to any of us who's aware of it is your cousin, Latia."

"Ajuka," Latia nodded. "Was this his doing?"

"We'll keep our mouths shut, of course," Seekvaira promised.

"Thank you and no, it wasn't," Rias replied. "Harry was experimented on as a baby by Rizevim Lucifer."

"Rizevim," Seekvaira breathed. "Rias, are you in danger?"

"He's made no effort to contact us," Rias replied. "Whatever his aims were with Harry, he seems to have written his efforts off as a failure and moved on."

"This is huge," Latia declared. "A living incubus, one who...why are you telling us this?"

"Word is going to start spreading soon, and when that happens, every noble family in the Underworld is going to want at least one woman of their bloodline to come to Harry," Rias replied, and both girls sighed.

"It's going to be a madhouse," Seekvaira nodded. "I can't imagine what Mother is going to say. She was curious enough before."

"I remember," Rias muttered.

"You're already his wife, the rush for which now makes so much more sense," Latia said, "but while that will curb the worst impulses of the nobility, it won't outright stop them from seeking what he can give them."

"I'm sorry, cousin," Seekvaira sighed. "This is going to be quite the complication for you soon."

"Harry's more than worth it," Rias smiled. "The reason I'm telling you this now is that Lord Zekram believes I might spare us both the worst of the Underworld's insanity if, when the announcement is made, it is also announced that I've agreed to bring a few noblewomen into our household already."

"You make yourself look welcoming and not at all jealous, and their attention will turn from seducing him to negotiating with you," Latia surmised. "This truly has reached the highest levels of our society if he's contacted you himself. We did all wonder why he attended your wedding in person."

"He didn't actually know at that point, but he sensed a mystery worth solving and decided to investigate personally," Rias replied.

"Both of our families will push us to join you the moment they learn about this anyway, so coming to us makes sense," Seekvaira murmured. "How many others are you thinking about telling ahead of time?"

"Sona already knows, though I've decided not to make her the offer unless I have no other choice," Rias said. "If her parents make the first move, Serafall will blame them, whereas if Harry or I do…"

"She's still as obsessed as ever, I see," Latia murmured. "We both know that Seekvaira's single, but I've been seeing a girl for a little while now."

"You would, of course, be able to keep seeing her," Rias assured her. "Who is she?"

"An aspiring nun my dickhead cousin tried to seduce," Latia scowled. "She has the most gorgeous eyes and I was so taken with her beauty when I met her that I decided to sweep in and charm her before Diodora could get his vile claws into her. I made her my pawn as he intended to make her his and she's been warming my bed for months now."

"He must have been furious," Rias murmured, knowing all too well how much bad blood there was between them.

"He was," Latia grinned, twirling a lock of her hair around her finger and scowling when she saw a tangle in it. "Her name's Maria, and I've actually become quite fond of her."

"Well, as I said, we wouldn't expect you to stop seeing her," Rias nodded.

"I've never bothered trying to date anyone, knowing that my mother and father would make my ultimate decision for me, whether I liked it or not," Seekvaira muttered. "Harry seems perfectly lovely, and he's not exactly hard on the eyes, which makes him far better than some of the options they might have chosen."

"He's a wonderful man," Rias smiled. "Neither of you will regret this, I assure you."

"Where is he, anyway?" Latia asked.

"We had a rather long morning, and he's likely resting still," Rias replied. "I figured this would be simpler for the two of you if we met alone this first time anyway."

"So how many noblewomen are you thinking of reaching out to?" Seekvaira asked.

"Lord Zekram suggested three to start with," Rias replied. "You two were obvious choices, and I'm mulling over potential thirds."

"If you haven't considered Roygun Belphegor yet, I'd definitely suggest her," Latia said, and Rias chuckled.

"Of course I've considered her," Rias chuckled. "I do wonder if she'd be entirely willing, given the age gap, though. She's over a century old."

"Oh, that wouldn't be a problem," Latia grinned.

"Oh?" Rias asked.

"You sound like you know something," Seekvaira murmured.

"My mother is a massive gossip, and there are few things that she doesn't learn about eventually," Latia murmured. "Your husband's age won't be a problem for Roygun."

"She's into younger men?" Rias asked.

"Very," Latia replied. "Even if he weren't an incubus, you two could have likely seduced her given that, and once she learns that he is one, it will be simple."

"Hmm, well, there's something to think about," Rias grinned.

*****

"This place really is beautiful," Ciri murmured as she and Fleur walked through the streets of Kyoto.

"I still say that Paris is the most beautiful city in the world, but I have to say this comes close," the veela replied.

"How's your mother doing?" Ciri asked, and she sighed.

"She's heartbroken and furious, though at the situation in general more than at Papa," Fleur muttered. "I did not expect him to just give up like this."

"Given how you've described him, he spent his life as a fighter, and suddenly feeling so diminished and incapable can't be easy," Ciri said. "I can't imagine how it would feel to go home everyday, and just feel so...useless."

"I don't truly blame him, and I do understand it, but it's all just so awful," Fleur sighed, stopping and leaning against the wall of the nearest building. "He did say that he means this to be more of a trial separation than anything else, and it's not as though he's stopping his treatments, so he may yet recover, but…"

"I'm sorry, but I have to ask, is sharing Harry with her something...normal for your people?" Ciri asked.

"Not normal, per se, but it isn't unheard of either," Fleur replied. "Veela are creatures of sex and passion; our sex drives are significant, and finding men capable of satisfying us can be quite difficult, so when we lose one, it's common enough for us to seek out another willing to share for a time to keep us sane. Maman did not lose Papa, but given his condition…"

"Right," Ciri murmured. "It was just the mother-daughter thing that…"

"That's also not too common, but incest among us is not seen as quite as much of a taboo as it is for others," Fleur replied. "We're all women, so it's not like we've ever had to worry about inbreeding, and the lack of that particular fear meant that the distaste for it never developed."

"That makes sense, I guess," Ciri murmured. "Some of you are so much more open about your lives than I'd have expected, given that we are still pretty much strangers."

"It's not true of all of us, but I've gotten rather used to being an open book with those I feel I can trust," Fleur chuckled. "Luna is much the same, of course."

"I know, trust me," Ciri smiled. "How easy was it for you to decide to become what you are?"

"You're considering Rias' offer?" Fleur asked rhetorically as she silenced the area around them with a wave of her hand. "To be honest, it was a very difficult decision. My people have long suffered because of our purported connection to the devils. I had been raised to fear them and distrust them, and I did for quite a while."

"What changed?" Ciri asked.

"I spent more time with them," Fleur replied, "and I saw how much Rias and Akeno had come to care for 'Arry, 'Ermione, and Luna, as I had as well. Once I accepted that they weren't the evil monsters I had been led to believe they all were, and fell for him, the choice became easy."

Ciri regarded her curiously, studying her beautiful face for any sign of deception, and nodded when she realized that the other woman seemed to be utterly sincere.

"I've brought trouble to everyone I've spent time with for years now," she murmured. "I left my world because I was tired of it and also because I didn't want that to keep happening. I should be safe here, or on some other world, for that matter, where no one knows about what lies in my blood, but...I can't shake the fear that I'll end up followed eventually."

"You want to grow stronger," Fleur said. "Rias could help you there for certain."

"These powers of mine, I don't know what the limits of them are," Ciri muttered, staring down at her hands. "I've caused significant harm before when I was threatened and my control slipped, as I know my mother did once. How did devilry affect your control over what you can do?"

"My control over my allure was already good, but it's absolute now," Fleur replied. "If I loosed it here, every man and more than a few women in the vicinity would swarm me out of uncontrollable desire."

"It gets that bad?" Ciri asked.

"Even before, I could still get the occasional boy who started openly drooling onto his shoes in front of me despite my best efforts," Fleur replied.

"I can sort of understand that," Ciri smirked, and she chuckled.

"Trust me, Ciri," Fleur purred, making the other blonde shiver, "if you felt my allure, you'd truly understand that it is more than my looks that causes such things. If Rias turned you into a devil, you might very well find that your control over your powers would improve as mine did, though given that none of us have ever met anyone from your world, much less made one a devil, we cannot say for sure. What we can say, though, is that you'd gain the protection of a rather extensive devil clan, one whose power is great and terrible."

"Rias mentioned her brother earlier," Ciri nodded, and Fleur chuckled.

"He once wiped out an entire species of soul-sucking monsters on a whim," she replied, making her jaw drop. "You would become more powerful in your own right too? These elves you fear wouldn't stand a chance."

"Gnarl already assured me that he'd do everything in his power to convince the others to exterminate them," Ciri murmured. "I politely thanked him for his offer and said that wasn't quite necessary."

"He hates elves in general for reasons that none of us truly understand," Fleur said, shaking her head. "The choice is yours, of course, and it's not like we're going to kick you out any time soon if you need more to make your decision, but I would say that the benefits would be extensive."

"So it seems," Ciri murmured. "The past couple weeks have been the most peaceful I've known in far too long. Even after I found people able to protect me back home, the constant dread that some new threat was coming and that the people I cared about might get hurt made it almost impossible to relax for long at all, but here, now...I had almost forgotten what it was like to not worry."

"I cannot imagine how it was going from being a princess to a fugitive," Fleur sighed, and Ciri let out a humorless laugh.

"It's sometimes hard to believe that I ever lived such a carefree life as I did," she sighed.

"I learned all too painfully not long ago that no matter where you are, threats can always come," Fleur said, resting a hand on her shoulder, "but we are powerful, and in Kuoh, with multiple entire peerages around us, we have a lot of firepower to call on if anything arises. Not long ago we took down multiple centuries-old angels who had been wreaking havoc in the town without suffering a single casualty."

"Yeah, Asia told me how you saved her," Ciri murmured, ghosting her fingers over her cheek as she did pretty much every time she thought of the other blonde.

"You almost can't see the tan line anymore," Fleur said, and she chuckled.

"I had Asia heal a couple other scars earlier because I didn't stretch enough when they were healing and they'd stayed annoyingly tight, but I could kiss her for healing this one," Ciri said. "I hated it so much."

"I think I would drop dead on the spot if I ended up with a facial wound," Fleur shuddered. "Asia would also probably faint if you kissed her."

"She does seem rather adorably innocent," Ciri laughed. "I haven't been like that since before Cintra fell."

"I must admit that the prospect of seeing whole other worlds does entice me greatly," Fleur murmured. "What's the strangest one you've ever seen?"

"To be honest, I haven't been to many yet," Ciri replied. "This one would probably be my answer, but that's just because your technology is so utterly bizarre."

"And something I don't truly understand all that well," Fleur admitted and Ciri looked away at a nearby wooded park as she contemplated the choice before her.

She'd only known them for mere weeks, and the idea of trusting them so soon was stupid, she knew, but they seemed so genuine and good, and she was so tired. She'd been tired long before she watched Geralt nearly die and Yennifer nearly kill herself trying to save him. She was tired of being unable to truly relax, tired of always wondering when the next terrible threat to her life was going to come, and she was so fucking tired of needing to be rescued.

"I'm not the pampered princess I was before my life fell apart, but I'm not Geralt or Yen either," Ciri thought to herself, closing her eyes and remembering the battles she'd fought in and the countless people and monsters she'd killed. Even Geralt had seemed perturbed by how easily she killed the last time they fought alongside each other, but the truth was, that was simply how she'd survived, and she couldn't bring herself to regret a moment of it. "Even if Eredin and the others never find me, I doubt I'll truly know a peaceful life in any world. There will be other threats, other monsters of one sort or another, and if this offer of Rias' could make me more capable of defending myself and anyone else I come to care for, can I really afford to turn it down?"

"To what extent does she control you?" Ciri asked and Fleur blinked at her.

"I mean, technically, she's my master, but she's no tyrant," the Veela replied. "We're expected to live with her, and we all serve as a sort of family to each other, but other than that, she lets us live our lives."

"That would be the one rub in all of this, but I have seen how they interact, even when they don't think I'm watching, and she truly isn't a tyrant," Ciri thought to herself. "Of course, if that changed, I could always leave and take the power she granted with me."

It was tempting, so very tempting, and she knew Rias knew that. She wasn't a monster, that much was clear, but she was a noblewoman of terrible power who was used to getting what she wanted and who knew how to make people offers they wouldn't even think of turning down. In truth, despite her well-earned paranoia, Ciri realized she wasn't considering that at all. To become a devil would mean becoming stronger, more powerful, and more capable of defending herself, and after the life she'd lived, that was almost entirely too tempting a prospect to turn down.

"Thank you for showing me around the city," she murmured, and Fleur smiled.

"It was my pleasure," the Veela murmured, reaching out and tracing a finger over the back of her hand. "Veela, being creatures of lust and desire, can sense the desires of others."

"Is that so?" Ciri asked with a slight smirk, and Fleur smiled.

"It is," she replied, stepping close and pulling a tiny twig out of Ciri's hair. "For the record, I hope you take Rias up on her offer."

"Like a bloody succubus," Ciri thought to herself, feeling heat pool in her core as the Veela stepped back and flicked the twig away. "Let's go back to Kuoh."

"Tres bien," Fleur smiled, taking her hand and opening up a magic circle around them.

Ciri could have done it herself, of course, but let the other woman take her back to the Rookery, intending to have another chat with Rias.

*****

"It's done, then?" Euclid asked tersely as he sat down next to Reinhardt at the ridiculous concert he was attending with Arashi Yamamoto and cast a silencing spell around their seats.

When he'd gotten word that the two were meeting, he figured it was most likely regarding the matter they'd been contracted in and quickly made certain that the seat next to them became available to him.

"Ah, Herr Lucifuge," Reinhardt chuckled, stroking his long, white beard. "I was going to contact you after we were done here."

"It is, great devil," Arashi replied more formally. "Sebastian Delacour has all but given up on his marriage and will be joining me on a trip out of the country for the next six months."

"Ze fool vas never going to be fully restored anyway," Reinhardt muttered. "I don't do half-measures and while I did not specifically target zis man, it was my curse zat he vas struck by."

"And yet, he lives," Euclid scowled.

"I explained my reasons for zat," Reinhardt replied. "Zis vay, it looks like a simple consequence of vhat already happened und not something in need of further investigation. His survival vas not expected, but...it all vorked out anyway, und his infernal majesty should get vhatever it is he seeks from Apolline Delacour's connection to young Potter."

"You're hedging your bets, you little worm," Euclid thought to himself, feeling tempted to strangle the human even though he knew it wouldn't do anything. "I can't prove it, and Master Rizevim wouldn't care either way, but you wonder deep down if we're going to end up at conflict with this Potter and lose. Why?"

"It still seems like an unnecessary precaution," Euclid probed. "Either way, she'd have turned to Potter as the nearest stud capable of seeing to her needs, and her daughter would have allowed it."

"Veela are such strange creatures," Arashi murmured.

"Keep in mind zat Potter managed to stop the original attack on Delacour from fully succeeding und take down a centuries old vizard in ze process," Reinhardt replied. "He is resourceful und annoying, und vhen von has ze opportunity to avoid making an annoying und resourceful man a problem for zem, it is generally vise to take it."

"I concurred with Klaus on this, and our plan has worked," Arashi said. "There was no need for bloodshed in this case."

Euclid grumbled at that and looked down at the stage, asking, "What manner of concert is this anyway?"

"Yodeling," Arashi replied and he just blinked at them.

"In Japan?" Euclid asked, confused. "What? You two are fans of yodeling music?"

"Vell, I am German," Reinhardt chuckled. "Herr Yamamoto und I actually met at von of zis man's concerts years ago, recognizing each other as vizards among muggles, und have stayed in contact since."

"His name's Takeo Ischi and he's actually really good," Arashi added, and Euclid just closed his eyes.

"Well, I'll leave you two to it," he muttered, thinking for far from the first time that he was genuinely never going to understand humans.

He stood up and left just as the show started, disappearing the moment he was able to duck into an empty hallway and reappearing in Cocytus. Shivering immediately, he warmed himself with a wave of his hand and flew off towards his master's hidden laboratory. No one outside of a select handful knew about this facility, something that Rizevim Lucifer had set up nearly a century ago to house his most secret projects. Cocytus was the most remote and terrible part of the Underworld, a place used mostly as a prison for those deemed worthy of the punishment. Icy and terrible, it was no one's idea of pleasant, which made it the perfect place to hide things you really didn't want other people to find.

"Even that ridiculous bitch Serafall wouldn't enjoy it here," he muttered, scowling as he remembered the last time he fought the lunatic ice-magic aficionado.

The guards let him in without a word, recognizing him at once, and he flew right down to the lowest level, knowing that his master would be nowhere else. Letting himself in, he turned, as he always did when he visited the lab, to the glass sarcophagus sitting on a pedestal just next to the door and knelt down reverently.

"Blessed Mother," he breathed, looking upon the rotting yet still-living form of Lilith.

"Your devotion pleases us," Rizevim murmured next to him, and he turned on his knees to kneel to him. "We hope your news will too."

"The humans' plot has borne fruit, Your Majesty," Euclid nodded. "Sebastian Delacour is going to be leaving his wife for at least the next six months."

"Which should be more than enough time for her to become utterly addicted to Potter's touch," Rizevim nodded. "Good, good, rise, Euclid. That one has greater connections to the other Veela than her daughters do; we have determined that much, and she will spread word of the incubus' prowess to them in time."

Euclid went to ask the question burning in his mind before deciding against it and his king chuckled.

"You find us in a rather good mood, Euclid," the man replied, licking his thumb and smoothing out his silver eyebrows. "Ask your question."

"Why do all this?" Euclid asked. "Potter is a fully realized incubus, not a hybrid as you expected. You don't need him to breed half the Veela species like you hoped before."

"No, we do not," Rizevim murmured, "but you are mistaken. He's not a fully realized incubus, not yet. We remember what they and the succubi were like, and he has not begun to reach his full potential yet. Bedding others will feed him, feed that potential, and in time, he will come into his power; this we're certain of."

"So you're fattening him up like a turkey, then," Euclid nodded, and Rizevim chuckled.

"Something like that," the Lightbringer's heir replied. "That odd success moved our plans up centuries. If he had appeared more like a success back in the day, we would have snatched him up and ensured he grew up in a Veela commune, spending every day of his life from the moment his balls dropped being a bull for them in the hopes that one might produce a proper incubus for us. What appeared to be a failure, however, turned out to be a greater success than we ever imagined."

"I take it you want me to continue keeping an eye on him, then?" Euclid asked.

"We do," Rizevim nodded. "His development must continue apace if he is to be of use to our designs, and with the coming Veela boost, it should."

Rizevim walked over to Lilith's coffin and ghosted a hand over the glass, his hazel eyes dimming slightly as they always did when he looked at her.

"If only our other plans were proceeding so well," he murmured.

"Jenna's had no further luck tracking down any other samples, then?" Euclid asked, keeping all pleasure he felt at the irritating whelp's failure out of his voice.

"I found a Gaap sample just three months ago," a childish, bratty little female voice hissed, and Euclid closed his eyes, scowling at the fact that he hadn't felt her presence.

Turning around, he glared at the short, buxom figure before him. Her dark hair was pulled back in a tight bun, and her forest green eyes were alight with defiance as she glared back at him. Clad in a black tracksuit that clung to her voluptuous figure, he couldn't help but admire her body, as he'd done countless times in the years since she'd developed it, yet as always, the delight of her curves was ruined the moment she opened her mouth.

"Enough," Rizevim hissed. "We will not have you two arguing in front of our ailing mother. Jenna, what news do you bring?"

"The lead we had on the last known battle that a member of the Seere clan took part in turned out to be nonsense, your majesty," Jenna replied as she knelt before him. "I'm sor…"

She didn't manage to finish that word before Rizevim was on her, grabbing her by the throat and holding her in the air.

"As we have told you more than once, Valefor, apologies are worth less than the air spent on them," Rizevim scowled. "Actions matter, results matter, and you would not be foolish enough to waste our time with this if you had nothing of substance to bring."

"I found a possible lead on two more samples," Jenna choked, and he dropped her. "I received confirmation that Kokabiel keeps the preserved severed heads of at least four devils belonging to clans we haven't found anything for in his vault. If I could steal them, that would bring us down to only six unaccounted-for bloodlines."

"So do it," Euclid muttered. "Stealth is your thing, no?"

"Euclid, be silent," Rizevim commanded, scratching at his clean-shaven chin. "Invading Kokabiel's fortress will be difficult."

"I can sneak in through the shadows, but from what I saw in the mind of the fallen angel I slew to get this information, his treasure room is kept entirely lit at all times from all possible directions," Jenna replied, and Rizevim laughed humorlessly.

"Your clan has been extinct for centuries, and that paranoid old fool still maintains his old defenses," Rizevim muttered. "He's infuriating. We must ponder this for a time; leave us."

"Yes, Your Majesty," Jenna replied, disappearing into Euclid's shadow, and he scowled at the unpleasant chill that sent down his spine.

"I do loathe that irritating child," Euclid muttered.

"She has her uses," Rizevim murmured, "as do you. Continue to keep a subtle eye on Potter. He is essential to our plans."

"Yes, Your Majesty," Euclid nodded, leaving as Rizveim dismissed him with a gesture.

The ancient devil grinned to himself and pulled his decanter of a forty-year-old whiskey from one of his private distilleries. Pouring a generous couple fingers' worth into a glass, he added a little conjured water and swirled it around before taking a sip.



"We're getting close, Mother," he murmured, walking over and looking down at the familiar sight of Lilith's pallid form.

She'd been beautiful once, tall and pale with long dark hair, eyes the same color as his, and a truly incredible body. She'd been the first one he ever imaged as he touched himself at night, and while he'd never tried to fulfill that particular fantasy, owing mostly to the fact that she started to get sick not long after he came of age, he'd thought of it often. What his father did to her made her immortal, insofar as she couldn't die, but while that allowed her body to handle the strain of the dozens of artificial births she'd gone through, they still took a toll.

She'd barely managed to have him, and while she managed to hold herself together through his childhood and adolescence through sheer willpower, she started to grow weak not long afterward. and by the time his father died, she was a shell of herself. She still couldn't die, her eternal life being as much a curse as a blessing, but she couldn't heal herself either and soon fell into a coma. What remained of her now was a living corpse, bloated and sickly, and yet clinging to life. The burning hatred that she'd carried for the Tyrant lived in her still, long since his death, and Rizevim had always thought that it was that which truly preserved her. He loved her for that, as much as he could love anything.

"You showed the world what true, unrelenting hate can do," he murmured. "Your rage was even more beautiful than you were, and when we burn what remains of the Tyrant's joys to ash, we want it to be under your haunting gaze. Jenna Valefor serves well, our one undeniable success since we started all this, and soon, the others will wake too, joined by their most recent fellows."

He grinned at that and flew up to the ceiling and peered through the windows near it at the room next door. In sarcophagi just like the one his mother had been in for centuries, dozens of beautiful young devil girls slept, ranging in age from infants to adults, just waiting to be awoken and made use of.

"We never did figure out how Father did what he did with the part of the Book of Creation he stole," Rizevim thought to himself as he landed back on the ground and pushed a hidden button on the wall.

It opened, revealing the fully functional vagina in the wall, one that he knew all too well led to a matching artificial womb which had borne him these new devils. Made from a sample of his mother's flesh, it was a perfect recreation, one that let him work on his pillar revival project without running the risk of doing her further harm.

"Just a few more samples to go and then in time, these creations will bear me an army of fully fertile devils to build my new world with," he chuckled to himself as he turned around, reaching into his desk and pulling out what he'd decided to rename the Book of Lucifer and the Paimon sample that Jenna had acquired for him a few months ago.

Fully thawed and ready for use, this simple sample of DNA would, soon enough, be transformed into a functional zygote ready for implantation inside the artificial womb. He opened the book and got to work, ensuring, as he had with all the others, that the child resulting from this would be female. After all, one incubus could, in mere months, do what would take a succubus more than a half century if the genders were reversed. He grinned to himself, already imagining his perfect army, and completed his task.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Jun 10, 2026
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Markuz Black, Chandrak, Brawlingbard and 132 others
voivode_writer
Jun 9, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 57 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Jun 23, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,137
"You did what?" Sona asked, her jaw hanging open as she sat behind her desk at Kuoh Academy, taking full advantage of the shared free period she and Rias had at the end of the day.

"We sacrificed three fallen angels to open a portal into another world and accidentally drew someone capable of moving from world to world with ease," the redhead repeated.

"She...you...how is that possible?" Sona asked. "I know you said there were other worlds out there that none of us could access but…"

"We found a ritual in the omnilibrary, one that required three reasonably powerful sacrifices, and when we ended up taking those angels in alive, using them made perfect sense," Rias replied.

"This person...are they...do they look human?" Sona asked.

"As human as we do," Rias replied. "She's got these really unique, pale green eyes that are utterly gorgeous, and I've never seen that exact shade on a human before, but other than that...yeah."

"So there are other worlds with humans and resources and books," Sona breathed, leaning back in her chair. "Holy shit."

"I think that's the first time I've heard you swear in ages," Rias chuckled.

"You're planning to turn her, I imagine," Sona murmured.

"Absolutely, though she has yet to take me up on the offer," Rias replied.

"What piece do you think she'll take?" Sona asked. "I can't imagine how powerful someone capable of traversing between worlds at will would be."

"I'll try a rook and hope for the best," Rias replied. "She seems incredibly powerful but I'm not exactly weak and that should hopefully make the difference."

She would have liked to just tell Sona the truth about her second set but Ajuka had told her not to and she wasn't about to piss off one of her greatest benefactors for nothing.

"It's a shame Harry isn't ready for the exams," Sona murmured. "Him having his own set of Evil Pieces would solve all your potential problems."

"I think he's strong enough to be considered a high class devil on par with me but aside from beating Riser, he hasn't done anything of note in the Underworld," Rias sighed.

"And most people consider his duel to be merely impressive not cause to worship him," Sona teased and Rias chuckled.

"Him beating Riser is only one of the reasons I worship him," the redhead purred.

"How close, just in terms of power would you say that your peerage members are to qualifying for the exams?" Sona asked. "I'm confident that Tsubaki is pretty close, though I have plenty of work left to do with all of them."

"Harry or Akeno might be powerful enough to qualify, though again, they haven't done anything of sufficient note to take the exams," Rias replied. "I'm hoping that we'll find things in these other worlds that will help improve things for us all."

"You come across the most amazing things, Rias," Sona murmured. "First the library, then an incubus, now this."

"It's been one hell of a year," Rias chuckled. "My reason for telling you about Ciri wasn't entirely because I tell you pretty much everything."

"What do you need?" Sona asked.

"I think she's going to agree to join my peerage, and if she does, we'll be leaving this world for a time," Rias replied. "The missing piece I need to create a Philosopher's Stone lies in a world I'll be able to access soon but I might be gone for a little while."

"So you want me to keep control of things here in the interim," Sona nodded. "That's easy enough to do. Will you be taking your entire peerage with you?"

"Gasper's still not quite up to an adventure of this potential scope, and I'm not willing to take Asia anywhere yet just in case there ends up being danger, but otherwise yes," Rias replied, shaking her head. "Sirius will look after them, but if you could work with Gasper and make sure that he keeps up his training in my absence, I'd be grateful."

"You will owe me," Sona murmured, and Rias grinned.

"You know I pay my debts," the redhead replied. "So long as it doesn't involve your sister, I'll do any favor you ask of me."

"Good call there," Sona chuckled. "So, the Philosopher's Stone… Lord Ajuka must be excited."

"If I can pull this off, the potential benefits for the Underworld would be immense," Rias said. "The Agares territory would no longer be the sole source of the Agrean crystals, which would let me get back at my meddling aunt, not that I'll be able to just mass produce them at will, as it happens."

"Yeah, that would completely destabilize the Underworld and risk putting us at odds with more than a few of the other factions," Sona said and Rias looked at her in surprise. "You didn't consider that at all, did you?"

"Shut up," Rias mumbled, blushing slightly, and Sona giggled.

"You have a habit of letting the finer details and second-order effects of things escape you when you get too excited," she murmured. "Our first dozen chess matches all ended in my favor because you jumped at the opportunity to take my queen."

"In my defense, I was eight," Rias drawled, and Sona smiled.

"I'll watch over Kuoh for you and make sure that Gasper doesn't slack off," she promised. "Tsubaki happened to be walking by your tower when Seekvaira showed up the other day."

"I informed her and Latia about what Harry is," Rias explained. "They were both quite intrigued, for obvious reasons."

"So you're bringing them in as mistresses," Sona said. "Who else do you have in mind?"

"I'm thinking of reaching out to Roygun Belphegor," Rias replied, and her old friend's eyebrows shot towards her hairline.

"Really?" she asked. "That would be...big."

"That's putting it mildly," Rias grinned. "I've had a crush on her for years, and I could learn so much from her, I'm sure, but…"

"You're nervous about it?" Sona asked and she sighed.

"I haven't been nervous about anything in years, but...it's Roygun Belphegor," Rias breathed. "I haven't actually made a decision on that yet, and I do have a couple other options I'm mulling over."

"Thanks for not trying to bring me in just yet," Sona murmured.

"Whoever suggests that is going to have to deal with Lady Serafall, and I'd much rather it be your parents," Rias sighed. "How do you feel about it?"

"Your husband is gorgeous, intelligent, and capable," Sona replied primly. "I'm sure I'd quite enjoy his...proficiency in physical matters, and I trust that he wouldn't try to stymie…"

"Proficiency in physical matters?" Rias asked, struggling not to laugh, and her old friend blushed.

"Shut up," Sona muttered, making her giggle. "I'm not seeing anyone or even particularly interested in anyone at the moment, and I know that Harry wouldn't get in the way of my ambitions as so many noble devils would. When the time comes that I feel I'm ready for children, I'll let you know, and I'll be letting my parents know that that will be what I'm waiting for as well."

"You make it all sound so formal and dry," Rias sighed, and Sona shrugged.

"You're the romantic one between us," she replied. "The simple fact is that what Harry is and how much my parents are going to want me to take advantage of that should give me leverage with them I wouldn't normally have, and I plan to use that."

"If you ever want to explore anything with us, neither he nor I would object at all," Rias said with a smirk, and Sona rolled her eyes.

"You'd think he'd have enough as is," she replied dryly. "Is he sleeping with this otherworldly woman or Asia yet?"

"No," Rias chuckled. "Asia's somehow even more innocent than she looks, and as for Ciri, she's only been here a few weeks now. We don't seduce every woman we make eye contact with."

"You offered me a threesome just over a minute ago," Sona said dryly, and Rias grinned lasciviously as she leaned in.

"Old friends are different," she purred, and Sona's breath hitched at the sheer desire in her eyes, though she quickly recovered.

"Where's your husband?" she asked. "Clearly he's been neglectful of you."

"Hardly," Rias sighed, leaning back in her chair. "He went to Britain to see an old friend of his father's and should be back by the time I return to the Rookery. Did you have anything to go over, because my hopefully impending trip was my main order of business?"

"No," Sona replied. "Things have quieted down here quite a bit since you dealt with the fallen angels. I haven't asked yet, actually, but what did you do with the fourth one? You said you sacrificed three of them."

"She's locked away in the dungeon under Gremory Castle," Rias replied. "No one has inquired about her yet, and it wouldn't shock me if the Grigori just thought they were all dead."

"I'm surprised they aren't," Sona said, and she shrugged.

"The other three proved useful, and this one might as well," Rias replied. "After what she pulled here and tried to do to Asia, I'm more than happy to let the bitch rot."

"You've grown quite fond of her," Sona murmured.

"She's hard not to like," Rias smiled. "Between her bubbliness and her almost painful innocence, she's adorable in a way I never would have imagined someone our age being."

"How has she adjusted to being a devil?" Sona asked curiously. "To go from being an aspiring nun to one of us is quite the change."

"I haven't pushed her on the Tyrant and don't plan to, and that seems to be the only possible sticking point there," Rias replied. "As much as her faith in the church and heaven at large was shaken by everything, she maintains that he's good and won't budge there, but given the state of things between us and heaven at the moment, that shouldn't be an issue any time soon."

"Serafall informed me of what they're trying to do the other day," Sona nodded. "It's hard to imagine that we might actually reach a state of peace, but it seems there's interest in all three factions."

"We'll see if anything actually comes of it," Rias murmured. "Anyway, the final period's almost done, so I should get to the Occult Research Clubroom."

"If you do make this Ciri one of us, how soon afterward do you think you'll leave for this other world?" Sona asked.

"I'm not sure, but I'll inform you just before I leave, I promise," Rias replied, and she smiled.

"Thank you," Sona nodded. "I'll see you later, Rias."

"See you," Rias replied as she stood up and left.

As she made her way through the halls, seeing students quietly leave their classrooms, she quickly noticed a very red-faced Asia looking utterly mortified and went to check on her.

"I'm just saying, Asia, you have a front row seat to the hottest gossip in town," Aika grinned. "You're sure you haven't noticed anything...noteworthy?"

"I haven't seen anything," Asia squeaked.

"Well, if you want any other lessons, you know where to find me," Aika replied, her eyes widening slightly when she saw Rias.

"Asia, is everything alright?" the redhead asked.

"Fine," Asia squeaked before clearing her throat. "Is the meeting starting soon?"

"It is," Rias replied. "Hello, Aika."

"Hello," Aika replied. "I need to get home. It was nice talking to you, Asia."

"Yes," Asia replied, still blushing heavily, and Rias smiled as she wrapped an arm around the blonde's waist.

"I hope she wasn't bothering you," the redhead whispered, and Asia shook her head.

"No, she's actually really nice," Asia replied, adding under her breath, "maybe too nice."

"Hmm?" Rias asked, and she sighed.

"When I told her about my...educational background, she elected to give me a few lessons that she figured I'd likely missed out on," Asia replied. "Complete with surprisingly detailed diagrams she drew."

"Ah," Rias nodded, trying not to laugh.

She decided not to bother the blonde further, and they made their way over to the clubroom quietly, finding everyone save for Harry waiting for them already.

"Sorry I'm late," Rias murmured, sitting down. "I filled Sona in on our latest development."

"I imagine she was surprised," Hermione said as Luna patted the seat next to her and beamed at Asia when she sat down.

"Did you come from gym class?" she asked. "You're all red."

"No, I just...I had a long final class," Asia replied.

"Where's Harry?" Kiba asked.

"He left early today to meet with someone back in Hogsmeade," Rias replied. "Now, today, I want to focus on the contracts that we've all made in the last little while. I want each of you to make a note of who among those you've made contracts with is most likely to reach out to you again in case we need to inform them that we'll be unavailable for a time."

*****

"Harry, Sirius," Remus murmured as he sat down in the Shrieking Shack. "Not that I'm not pleased to see you both, but why in the world did you bring me out here?"

"I figured you might enjoy it for old time's sake, and this way we didn't need to run anything past Albus, who seemed to be quite busy when I spoke to him the other day," Sirius replied, and the werewolf chuckled.

"You'll actually appreciate the reason for that," Remus replied. "Albus has been tearing his hair out trying to replace Binns over the last week."

"Binns retired?" Harry asked. "Why? When?"

"Why would I appreciate it?" Sirius asked, smelling a prank.

"The Weasley twins thought it would be a funny idea to throw him a retirement party and see how he reacted," Remus replied. "I think they thought it would confuse or annoy him or something, but instead, he disappeared."

"Disappeared?" Harry asked as Sirius burst out laughing.

"That was all it took to get him to go?" he asked. "Oh, man, I wish we had thought of that."

"I'm still confused," Harry said.

"Professor Binns died halfway through the 1889-1890 school year," Remus explained, "and just went on teaching like nothing happened. The headmaster at the time questioned him about this and determined that he just wanted to keep going indefinitely and decided to keep him on, but it turns out that he'd have been perfectly willing to retire if anyone had even suggested it, and when the twins threw their mock party, he took it as proof that he had retired and that was that."

"He'd been here that long?" Harry asked.

"Apparently he taught Albus history back in the day," Remus chuckled. "The problem is that, as there is no legal obligation to pay the dead for working, they've been getting him to work for free all this time, and Albus had to scramble to not only find a new history professor but also find room in the budget for his salary. Needless to say, he's less than pleased with Misters Weasley right now."

"Wait, they weren't just paying his next of kin?" Sirius asked.

"He was his last of kin," Remus shrugged, "and in their defense, it's not like he could have spent what they'd have paid him. Anyway, what brings you by?"

"There's something we need to tell you, though you might want to sit down," Sirius replied, and his face fell.

"What's going on?" Remus asked as he did so.

"James Potter," Harry said, and the image of his father appeared out of his right hand.

"Hey, Moony, how's it hanging?" James asked, and Remus screamed, jumping out of his chair as Harry, Sirius, and James all burst out laughing. "Got that from a dead American bloke and thought it was funny."

"Up top, Harry," Sirius chuckled, and Harry high-fived him with the hand his father's spirit was sticking out of.

"What the hell?!" Remus exclaimed. "James, how…"

"You remember reading about the Deathly Hallows back in the day?" James asked. "Well, guess whose son accidentally ate them."

"I didn't eat the Deathly Hallows," Harry protested. "I accidentally absorbed them."

"You...you're real?" Remus asked, too stunned by that to react to learning that the Hallows were real. "Oh, Merlin, James."

"Hi, Remus," James smiled. "Sorry, but I just couldn't resist."

"I'm almost sad Snape's not here anymore," Harry chuckled. "That would have been much funnier."

"Oh, man, I am totally hiring a P.I. to track Snivellus down," Sirius laughed. "We need to do that."

"I see I'm the only one here who's grown up," Remus sighed, only to freeze and wince at James. "Sorry, mate, I...didn't mean…"

"Relax, Remus, it's fine," James said. "By the way, Padfoot, save your money. I can probably track the miserable arsehole down myself."

"We figured that you'd appreciate the chance to say goodbye," Harry murmured, and Remus sat back down.

"I'm so sorry, James," he sighed, and the ghost shook his head.

"You have nothing to apologize for," James sighed. "We never should have distrusted you, not for a moment. If we hadn't, you may well have noticed that Wormtail had turned on us, and who knows what might have happened? I'm sorry for that."

"Thank you," Remus whispered, not trusting his voice as his eyes grew misty, "and thank you, Harry, not just for this but for taking down that mad bastard once and for all."

"Oh, that was a pleasure," Harry replied.

"I heard about your other adventure too," Remus sighed, shaking his head. "I couldn't believe it when I read about Lynch and the elves in the paper."

"We could hardly believe it ourselves," Harry muttered. "Even for a guy who fought against Voldemort multiple times, that guy was disturbing in the extreme."

"What made you move to Japan?" Remus asked.

"A woman," Harry replied simply, "and I needed a fresh start after everything. Killing Voldemort seemed like the perfect bookend to my time living in Britain, though I anticipated that I'd end up returning often, of course. How are you finding teaching again?"

"I love it," Remus replied. "It was rewarding the first time, but now, knowing that the curse on the position is well and truly gone, it's the greatest job I've ever had and one I'd like to keep for years to come."

"Just don't walk into an unexpected retirement party any time soon," Sirius quipped, and he chuckled.

"I hope the twins didn't end up in too much trouble," Harry smiled.

"We were in the middle of a staff meeting and waiting for Binns to show up when they burst in to tell us what had happened," Remus snickered. "I don't think I've ever seen Albus more surprised before."

"Speaking of him, could you let him know about this?" Harry asked. "We contacted Nicolas Flamel not long ago, and he suggested that we offer to let Albus summon someone."

"Why did you summon Flamel?" Remus asked.

"I had a couple questions about alchemy," Harry lied.

"So how are you finding life in Japan?" Remus asked, and both Harry and Sirius smiled.

"We've settled in well," the animagus replied. "This one's thriving, and I'm seeing someone."

"I'm sorry, did you just say that Sirius Black has a girlfriend and isn't just hopping from bed to bed?" Remus asked.

"Who says he uses beds?" James snickered and Sirius gave them both a look of faux offense.

"I had to grow up someday," he sighed. "I'm glad that you're doing well, Remus. I always figured you'd teach someday."

"I never figured I'd get the chance," Remus sighed, "but with the worst of the werewolves dead and the worst figures in the government here gone, things that would have been unthinkable before are genuinely possible now."

"What do you mean by the worst of the werewolves being dead?" Harry asked.

"After you killed Greyback, something else I genuinely cannot thank you enough for, a number of wolves much like him started vying to take his place," Remus replied. "There was a reason that so many werewolves followed him; he wasn't just one of the worst of us, he was the worst. Word started to spread that there was something unique about him, that the ministry had discovered something in his remains that they thought might be used to end lycanthropy entirely, and those of us who actually like the curse came in droves to the spot where those remains were apparently being held."

"It was a trap?" Harry guessed, and he nodded.

"More than three dozen genuine monsters were lured into something Amelia Bones put together with the assistance of another werewolf, and none of them survived," Remus replied. "A mix of the worst of us being killed and looser werewolf laws being passed in the months since has made the situation here for us downright tolerable."

"And who said violence was never the answer?" James quipped, making them all chuckle.

"I brought firewhiskey, something I completely forgot about until just now," Sirius muttered, pulling a bottle and three glasses out of his mokeskin pouch.

"Um, Sirius…" Remus murmured, looking at Harry, who snorted.

"I'm not your student, and I'm not flying home," he said, and, after pausing for a moment and looking at James, who shrugged, the werewolf decided it wasn't worth fighting and accepted his glass, thrilled beyond measure to be able to speak to his old friend again.

*****

Kiba ducked under Ciri's blow and riposted towards her chest, shaking his head when she twisted out of the way effortlessly and slashed at his legs.

"You're remarkably well-trained," he commented, jumping over the blow and slashing upward toward her head.

He'd summoned a pair of blunted training swords for them and knew that, even if they managed to hurt each other anyway, Asia could heal them. Even still, he'd held back quite a bit in the beginning, only to quickly realize that not only did he not need to, he really couldn't afford to.

"I was trained to fight by some of the most fearsome monster hunters in my world," Ciri murmured, sidestepping the blow with ease and riposting towards Kiba's shoulder, managing to graze it barely. "Two-two."

"I did say best of five," the swordsman replied, stepping back and retaking his stance.

Ciri grinned and faked taking a step forward, only to disappear in a flash of green light and reappear behind him, holding her blunted blade to his throat. "Three."

"Three," Kiba replied, and she went still as she felt a dull dagger press into her thigh, right by her femoral artery.

"Touche," she chuckled, stepping back and resting the blade against the wall. "I must say, being able to summon blades at will must be incredibly useful."

"Sword Birth, it's called," Kiba replied. "My Sacred Gear."

"Right, those special gifts that people in this world can get," Ciri murmured. "They really come at the will of your people's greatest enemy, but he doesn't control them at all?"

"It seems strange, I know, especially for someone we call the Tyrant, but no, once someone has a Sacred Gear, they can do as they wish with it, provided they learn how to use it," Kiba said. "You're not the only one who's considered that weird."

"Ah, there you are," Akeno smiled as she walked into the training room. "Kiba, Rias wants a word."

"Actually, I'd like to speak to her as well if she has a moment," Ciri said, and Akeno nodded, leading them out of the room.

"Who won?" she asked, able to tell from how they looked that they'd been sparing.

"It was a tie," Kiba replied. "Ciri's quite the terror with a blade."

"I should be with all the practice I've gotten," Ciri murmured, looking away as they entered Rias' study.

"...actually convinced a ghost to let go by throwing him a retirement party?" Hermione asked incredulously.

"Sirius must have been very impressed," Luna smiled. "I don't think the Marauders ever managed to make a professor retire with a prank."

"Marauders?" Koneko asked.

"What my father and his friends called themselves when they were kids," Harry replied. "Sirius was one of them, of course."

"I'm gonna guess that sounded really cool when they were eleven," Koneko thought to herself.

"Ah, Kiba, I...Ciri?" Rias asked, cocking an eyebrow at the ashen-haired woman.

"I don't mean to interrupt you, but this shouldn't take long," Ciri said as she stepped inside and looked around the rather large room, seeing the entire peerage seated there. Even Gasper was present, hiding in his box as she'd learned was his custom, and while the rest of them looked curious or bored, she noticed that Asia looked flushed and seemed to be periodically glancing down at Harry's feet. Deciding to ask about that later, she turned to Rias and said, "You made me an offer a few weeks ago, and I've considered it carefully since."

"Have you come to a decision?" Rias asked, managing to keep her excitement out of her voice with surprising skill.

"I have, though I'd like to say something first," Ciri replied. "I've shared a fair bit about what my life has been like for the past few years with you and a few others here, all of whom, I'm sure, passed every detail onto you. I don't trust easily; I haven't had that luxury in quite a long time, and I'm honestly surprised that I've considered this at all."

"If you need more time, that's perfectly alright," Rias smiled. "I don't want you to feel rushed, and you are, of course, welcome to stay here longer as well."

"I haven't felt rushed or pushed at all," Ciri smiled. "One of the nicest things about being here has been the sense I've felt that you really didn't need me for that very reason. I'm tentatively willing to take you up on your offer, but I have one condition."

"What would that be?" Akeno asked before Rias could, genuinely curious about just what she had in mind.

"This little sojourn you wish to take into another world, I want us to do that first," Ciri replied.

"Really?" Harry asked. "Why?"

"You've been nothing but welcoming to me here, and the past few weeks have been peaceful in a way I haven't felt in so long, but I've been living in your home as you patiently waited for me to decide whether or not I wanted to stay long-term," Ciri replied. "You learn far more about people on the road than you do in their homes, where they're most comfortable and in control. I've learned that the hard way...more than once."

"That's...a fascinating option," Rias murmured. "Do you really think you could take us where we want to go, though? Part of the reason for making you one of us was that it would, in theory, improve your control over your powers."

"I think that if I were to hold something from the world you seek, that would be enough to help me find my way there," Ciri replied. "This omnilibrary of yours almost certainly has something from there."

"How exactly does your ability work?" Hermione asked.

"I can travel at will to worlds I've been to and explore others, but when I open a portal and feel around space, there are so many out there that I've always feared getting lost," Ciri replied. "If I have some sense of where exactly I wish to go, that helps a lot, unless something interferes and pulls me in."

"Sorry again about that," Hermione muttered, and she chuckled.

"I'm not exactly displeased," Ciri replied.

"If you do this, at the end of it, I won't need anything else from you," Rias surmised, and Ciri nodded.

"I've gotten very used to people wanting to use me, and I'll feel a lot more comfortable here when I know that you've gotten what you wanted," she replied. "I know you could do this without me, and you've all been nothing but kind and patient, but…"

"It's okay," Rias smiled. "Our experiences leave their marks on us, the negative ones often more obviously, and the things that make us uncomfortable are often not entirely logical.

"What exactly are you looking for?" Ciri asked. "You've told me the basics of this Philosopher's Stone project, but I'd like more details."

"We seek the one missing piece of the recipe, as it were," Harry replied. "It's a form of contained soul energy that we'll need to bathe the Stone in once we've finished creating it, or else it will simply fall apart."

"Soul energy?" Ciri asked.

"We're not entirely sure what that entails, as even the wizard who stumbled across it didn't really know what he was working with," Hermione replied. "I've been looking for texts from that world, but I've found almost nothing so far, which is more than a little bizarre."

"Almost?" Fleur asked.

"I found architectural drawings for the Argent Tower that Nicolas Flamel mentioned, but that was all," Hermione replied. "It makes no sense, and I assume that I've just failed to locate the books from that world, since they would need to exist and we were so thorough in gathering together all the written works from the multiverse."

"What if they were digitized?" Asia asked, and they all turned to look at her in confusion.

"Huh?" Luna asked.

"Um, one of the people that I healed a couple years ago spoke about the work that he did," Asia replied shyly. "His job was to scan all the documents for the legal firm he worked at and store them on a computer. I didn't really understand how that worked, but he seemed to think they'd all fit."

"Did we...oh, shit," Hermione muttered. "The world that Flamel described did seem to be rather more advanced than our own, and we did get the Room of Requirement to give us written texts from various worlds."

"Wait, are you saying we might have missed a great deal of knowledge?" Rias asked.

"It's possible," Hermione replied. "It's also possible that we didn't and that I'm just having trouble finding what I'm looking for in this case."

"Well, I'll probably be headed back to Hogwarts in the coming weeks to see Pro...Albus, so we can look into the Room then and check to see if we missed much," Harry replied.

"That drawing you mentioned should be enough to give me some sense of the world you're looking for, so we likely don't need anything more," Ciri said. "How much time will you need to prepare for this journey?"

"We could get everything set up today, honestly," Rias replied. "Supplies are easy to gather with our powers, and it wouldn't take me long to notify everyone about our departure."

"Excellent," Ciri nodded. "Then I'll leave you to your meeting."

With that, she vanished in a flash of green light, leaving the genuinely surprised devils in her wake.

"Why didn't we consider that option before?" Koneko asked.

"Because taking her with us without making her a devil first does have some drawbacks," Rias replied. "She'll be our ride home, as it were, and having her be mortal does present some risks because of that."

"We can fall back on the ritual in the worst-case scenario, though I trust you'll be bringing your evil pieces," Harry said.

"Of course," Rias nodded. "I've come to rather like Ciri over the past few weeks, and she'd be an invaluable asset if she agreed to join us properly, but I sensed immediately that pushing her in any way, shape, or form would be stupid."

"She's been through a lot," Luna murmured, eyeing Asia and seeing her looking down and blushing again. Peering into her mind, she had to actively suppress a smile when she saw what she was thinking.

"Why oh why did Aika have to give me that lesson on male anatomy?" the other blonde thought to herself. "I didn't need to know how big the average penis is or how much better oversized ones apparently are, and I definitely didn't need to know that men with big feet are more likely to have really big ones. Harry's are huge and...stop thinking!"

"I'm going to have to do something nice for Aika," Luna thought to herself as she looked back at Rias. Legilimency, it turned out, was something that being a devil made a lot easier to learn, and Harry had been teaching her and the others how to do it off and on for weeks.

"I really don't like the idea that our efforts to fill the omnilibrary with everything ever written might not have been as thorough or successful as I thought," Hermione fretted.

"We can verify whether we got everything or not in time," Rias assured her. "For the moment, our focus needs to be on reaching that other world."

"How long, realistically, do you think we'll end up spending there?" Kiba asked.

"We have no way of knowing," Harry replied. "Flamel gave us a rather in-depth description of the world as he found it, but that was centuries ago, and we really don't know what's happened to it since."

"It's possible that this argent energy no longer exists," Akeno said, and Rias sighed.

"That is a possibility, and it will be deeply unfortunate if that ends up being the case, but we're going to go there and see what we can find," the redhead muttered. "This does make the reason for my calling this meeting all the more important. We need to put together a plan for this trip. I trust that each of you who have regular summoners has reached out to make sure they know you might be unavailable for a little while."

When Akeno, Koneko, and Kiba all nodded, she smiled and said, "Good. You'll want to send them notes saying that that's definite now. In the meantime, Fleur, I'm entrusting you to make sure that we are well provisioned."

"Between mokeskin pouches and stasis charms, I could bring months' worth of supplies," the Veela nodded.

"Hermione, Luna, you two make sure that we have magical tents ready for all of us," Rias commanded. "We could be heading into a desolate wasteland for all we know, and I don't want to have to rely on finding shelter."

"Understood," Hermione nodded.

"Excellent," Rias smiled. "Gasper, Sona will be overseeing your training while I'm away; you are to obey her orders as if they were mine."

"Yes, Rias," the boy sighed.

"Do any of you have anything to discuss?" Rias asked.

"Um, I…" Asia went to say, flushing scarlet.

"Asia, you can tell me anything," Rias said softly, and the blonde closed her eyes.

"Some of the girls at school have been asking me about your relationships with each other," Asia replied, not looking at any of them. "I haven't told them anything but…"

"That's alright," Akeno chuckled. "The fact that most of us are sleeping with Harry is pretty much an open secret."

"It...what?" Asia asked, her eyes widening.

"It's not some shameful secret or anything," Fleur chuckled, grinning at the other blonde. "I, for one, would happily shout from the rooftop that I've managed to find such wonderful lovers."

"Aren't you part of the faculty, though?" Asia asked, not meeting her eye. "Isn't that a problem?"

"It would be if we weren't what we are," Rias admitted, "but Sona's family and mine run this town much less that school, and what we don't want to be problematic simply isn't."

"I appreciate your effort to keep our personal lives private instead of gossiping about us," Hermione smiled. "Have the other girls been welcoming?"

"They have, actually; they've been great," Asia smiled. "This is the most normal life I've ever lived, which is a remarkable thing to be able to say when you live in a giant rook surrounded by evil gremlins."

"I hope the minions haven't been too bothersome," Hermione sighed.

"No, though walking into the basement only to discover Gnarl polishing a human skull mounted on the wall was...an experience," Asia sighed. "I quickly realized that avoiding the basement was the best option available to me."

"Speaking of the minions, will we be taking any of them with us?" Fleur asked, and Hermione shook her head.

"We'll be venturing into a completely different world, one that we know next to nothing about, and that means that being subtle and stealthy will be our most prudent course of action," the brunette replied. "The Greens can be stealthy, but none of them are particularly subtle, and if we run into anything there that we can't fight, they won't be of much help."

"Fair enough," Rias replied. "I think that concludes things here. Take care of everything you need to and report back in when you're done. If possible, I'd like to get going tonight."

They all nodded at that, and most of them disappeared, save for Asia and Harry, neither of whom had been given anything to do.

"Are you sure I shouldn't be coming along for this?" the blonde asked. "I know I have no combat experience at all but my healing abilities are extremely useful."

"We'll be fine as is and I'm not about to risk putting you in danger when you're still so untrained," Rias said softly, standing up and hugging her, earning a surprised squeak from her. "You also don't need to be so worried about offending us."

"I'm not…" Asia went to say, and Rias gave her a flat look.

"You've been incredibly tense since we left school," she replied. "Was that really just about the gossiping girls?"

Asia froze, not wanting under any circumstances to say that the reason she'd been so tense is that Aika had gotten her to think about Harry in ways that were entirely sinful and wrong but also not really wanting to lie.

"Aside from asking you questions about us, the others haven't done anything to make you uncomfortable, right?" Harry asked in concern, and she took the lifeline immediately.

"No, but...it's been a bit of an adjustment living like this when I was so used to life in convents," Asia said, technically not lying. "I'll get used to it eventually. I should check with Fleur and see if she can't teach me a little more about cooking while she prepares our supplies."

"Okay," Rias nodded, watching her leave. "Any idea what that was about?"

"She's felt sudden spikes of desire every time she's looked at me since we left Kuoh Academy," Harry replied. "My guess is that some of the girls she spoke to, like Aika, in particular, filled her head with notions she hadn't considered before."

"We'll have to put off meeting her mother," Rias murmured, turning around in her chair and summoning her familiar. "Inform Sona that I'm leaving tonight."

"Yes, mistress," her familiar replied before turning into a bat and flying off.

"Asia's not the only one who seems tense," Harry murmured, sitting down on her desk and patting his lap.

"We might very well be on the cusp of achieving something I've wanted for months now," Rias grinned, swinging her legs over until her feet were in her husband's lap. "There's so much potential in the Stone, not just for letting me get back at my aunt and provide another source of Agrean crystals, but so much more."

"It does honestly seem like Flamel either never fully explored the potential uses of the Stone or simply never wrote about the other things he did with it," Harry murmured as he pulled off her shoes and stockings, leaving her long, creamy legs entirely bare. As he started gently digging his thumbs into the sole of her right foot, earning a gasp and a sigh from her pouty lips, he added, "Transmutation has, in theory, limitless potential."

"Lucifer's light, you're good at that," Rias moaned, making his cock stir in his pants. "I was mostly thinking of the potential of using it to create a cure for Sleeping Sickness, but you clearly have other ideas."

"To be able to turn one element into another, permanently, is an ability that goes so far beyond normal magic," Harry explained. "Transfiguration can cause remarkable transformations, but they're surface level and temporary. Through demonic power, we can do similar things on a deeper level, but we still can't truly take one thing and make it, at the core of its being, into another in a way that couldn't simply be undone. Transmutation, from everything I and Voldemort have ever read, goes so far beyond that. If you take an ounce of lead and transmute it into an ounce of gold, to use the most classic example, that transformation is total and utterly complete."

"That does sound amazing, though I'm sure, from the tone of your voice, that you're thinking of possibilities I haven't yet," Rias murmured, moaning when he switched the other foot and found a spot she hadn't realized was tight.

"With the Stone, we could take any mineral and turn it into another, and I wonder if that doesn't extend to ones that aren't native to Earth," Harry said, and her eyebrows shot towards her hairline. "I know a certain girl who would very, very much appreciate, some mithril jewelry."

"She'll try to suck your soul out if you give her a gift like that," Rias chuckled. "Come to think of it, we have come across schematics for things that required materials not native to this dimension. Who knows what we could accomplish if we managed to truly master transmutation?"

"It could open up countless possibilities for us," Harry said, smiling, though his face quickly fell. "Of course, Akeno could be right."

"She could, and that would be highly disappointing," Rias muttered, "but until we know for sure that this odd energy is beyond our grasp, should it be, there's no point in dwelling on it. What's your take on Ciri's decision?"

"I get the sense that if your offer of power wasn't so tempting for her, it would have taken her months to even consider trusting us at all," Harry replied. "I might well have been that way when I first went to Hogwarts, too jaded and distrustful to accept that people there might actually be sincere in their efforts to befriend me, but I was so desperate for affection that that quickly outweighed any distrust I felt."

"She wants security, stability, and the power to keep herself safe without having to rely on others," Rias murmured, having gotten a pretty good sense of what drove the ashen-haired beauty by then. "I can offer her all of that, but she'll need to believe she can trust us first."

"Getting what we need for the Stone might well set her mind at ease, since we've been pretty open about that being what we want from her," Harry said. "I understand a little bit about feeling like everyone you meet wants to use you for something you didn't ask for, though there's a world of difference between people wanting to ask me about my scar and people hunting her down to take advantage of her blood."

Rias smiled sadly at that and pulled her feet back before floating into his lap and snaking her arms around his neck.

"Neither of you needs to worry about that here," she whispered, and he kissed her softly.

"No, we don't," Harry murmured. "You've given us all quite the sanctuary here."

"It's honestly part of why I love living in a small town so much," Rias replied. "As much as I love Kyoto and visit it often, Kuoh is just so much more peaceful, and I get all the benefits of living in Japan anyway."

"I've informed everyone I need to that we're...oh, I hope I'm interrupting something," Akeno purred, and Rias chuckled.

"Get in here and you'll find out," the redhead replied, and Akeno slipped inside, shutting the door behind her.

"Should we take this to our bedroom?" Harry asked.

"Why bother?" Akeno asked, waving a hand over Rias' desk, which quickly transformed into a bed.

"Fair enough," Harry grinned, kissing Rias hungrily as he rolled her over onto her back.

"It's been a while since it was just the three of us," Akeno sighed, undressing herself with a snap of her fingers. "Just like old times."

"Old times aren't even quite a year ago," Rias grinned, licking her lips at the sight of Akeno's voluptuous form.

"Actually, that brings up a point I've been meaning to ask about," the raven-haired beauty murmured. "What are you two doing for the anniversary? It is coming up, after all."

"November twenty-second," Harry smiled, cupping Rias' cheek. "The day my life changed forever."

"We'll think of something, though we might not even be in this dimension for it," Rias murmured.

"You really fear we're going to be in this odd other world for that long?" Akeno asked.

"It's a possibility," Rias replied. "If Ciri manages to get us to the right world on the first try, which isn't guaranteed, we'll end up stumbling through a strange planet in search of a thing that might no longer exist there."

"At least it's apparently a copy of Earth," Harry murmured. "Oh, we could check out what Japan's like there, if there is a Japan."

"That's...a possibility," Rias grinned, not having considered it before.

"Now you've done it," Akeno giggled as she joined them on the bed. "We'll be lucky to leave that other Earth within the year."

"I'm not that bad," Rias muttered. "It will be fascinating to see how things differ, though."

"Uh-huh," Akeno chuckled, only to squeal when she felt a spectral hand swat her ass hard.

"You've been awfully mouthy today," Rias grinned, undressing her and Harry with a wave of her hand. "You usually only get like that when you want a spanking."

"I spent half of last night paddling Luna, and you know how much I always crave a good punishment after doling one out," Akeno purred. "You should have seen how much she squirted when I finally let her cum."

"She seemed fine this morning," Harry said, furrowing his brow in confusion, and she chuckled.

"I'm fairly sure she went to Asia for assistance this morning," Akeno replied. "At least, I think that's why our former aspiring nun was blushing so much when we left for school."

"Try not to torture the poor girl too much," Rias sighed.

"She's going to be in for a very dull, very frustrating next few thousand years if she doesn't learn that she can actually act on her desires," Akeno smirked. "We're all just helping her slowly come to the conclusion that she can."

"You are a very bad girl," Rias purred, crawling up to her and grabbing her by her throat.

Akeno shivered at her touch, her inner muscles clenching hard around her buttplug, and when Rias kissed her deeply, she melted into her embrace. Harry watched his first lovers make out, feeling his cock throb with need at the sight, and crawled behind the dark-haired beauty. The gleaming diamond between her plump round ass cheeks drew his eye immediately, and he pressed a finger against it, making it grow just barely noticeably.

"Fuck," Akeno moaned, crying out when the plug started to vibrate. "Oh, shit."

"You're not going to cum until I say so," Harry rumbled, grabbing her ponytail and pulling her back until he could stare into her purple eyes. "Do you understand?"

"Yes, Sir," Akeno grinned. "I can sometimes barely believe that you turned into such a dominant stud in under a year. The first time you tried to spank me, I could barely feel it."

"I learned from the best," Harry whispered as he captured her mouth with his.

Rias lowered herself down and palmed her oldest friend's large, heavy breasts, kneading and massaging the mounds as Harry and her made out. As Harry's tongue plundered Akeno's mouth, she moaned, already feeling herself grow soaking wet. His demanding kiss, the feeling of Rias's hands on her breasts, and the maddening vibrations of the plug in her ass would have all been great on their own, and together they were more than enough to make her drip down her thighs.

"Such a needy little slut," Harry grinned, his incubus nature letting him sense just how quickly she became aroused. "The slightest touch is all it takes to make you wetter than the rainforest for me."

"With how you look and sound these days, it's a wonder I ever have dry panties," Akeno moaned.

"Sound?" Harry asked, and she chuckled, pressing herself back against him and grinding against his turgid length.

"Between your confidence and how deep your voice is, it's like you have permanent dom voice," Akeno shivered. "Maybe I should stop wearing panties all together...fuck!"

The resounding crack of his hand connecting with her ass echoed through the room like a gunshot, and she fell forward into Rias' arms, the stinging pain making her pussy clench around nothing.

"More!" Akeno exclaimed. "Please, Sir, spank me more."

"Fuck, your ass is already reddening," Harry grinned, pressing his lips against the rapidly forming mark and smirking when Akeno let out a sigh of pleasure. "I'll spank you until you cry, but you're going to need to do something for me first. You're not the only one this little display of ours is making terribly wet."

"What can I say?" Rias sighed, leaning back on the bed and spreading her legs, "You suffer beautifully, Akeno; you always have."

"When was the first time you two played around like this?" Harry asked.

"It was a few years ago now," Akeno replied. "I don't remember how old we were."

"Young enough that the average human would have been disturbed," Rias chuckled. "This one had gotten her hands on an erotic novel with serious bdsm themes in it and wanted to try out some of the things she'd read about. I conjured a leather strap and started tentatively spanking her, though my aim wasn't as good as it was today, and on the twentieth blow, I accidentally hit her pussy."

"What happened?" Harry asked.

"I came so hard I passed out," Akeno chuckled. "Learned a lot about myself that day."

"My little pain slut," Harry whispered in her ear, making her giggle. "Be a good girl and make Rias cum and I might give you what you want."

"Fuck, you made the right call last year, Rias," Akeno grinned as she leaned in and grasped the redhead's thighs. "Bringing Harry into our lives was the best decision you've ever made."

"You were the one who suggested I seduce my summoner, provided he was hot," Rias chuckled. "Some of the credit belongs to you."

"I've been very, very well rewarded for that," Akeno purred, pressing her lips to the soft skin of Rias' inner thigh.

The redhead squirmed and sighed, looking up at Harry as Akeno inched closer and closer to her dripping slit.

"You made my plug so big," the dark-haired woman purred, wiggling her wonderfully round ass at Harry, "but I know what would be even bigger. I promise I won't bother Asia about healing my poor, ravaged asshole if you fuck it, Harry."

"Maybe later," Harry chuckled, and she pouted before leaning in and flicking the tip of her tongue across Rias' clit, making her gasp in shock.

She grinned up at her and dug her fingers into her hips as she started exploring Rias' fleshy pussy with her tongue. She'd eaten her out a thousand times over the years and knew the redhead's folds like the back of her hand, but still she enjoyed exploring her thoroughly to start out, knowing that it drew out her ascent to ecstasy just a little bit. Her master squirmed and moaned, grabbing her head and holding her in place, much to her delight.

"I will never tire of the sight of this," Harry thought to himself as he knelt behind Akeno, watching her devour Rias' pussy. "Not in my wildest dreams would I have ever imagined that my sex life would evolve into this just a year ago. Hell, I could barely imagine having one back then, but now...I really am a lucky bastard."

"You're so good at that, baby," Rias cooed, grinding her slick cunt up against Akeno's face as she swirled her tongue around her clit.

"I'd have to be awfully dull not to be at this point," she grinned. "You became such a demanding master after you discovered how good it felt to have me eat you out."

"You say that...fuck...like I didn't return the favor every time," Rias moaned, wrapping her legs around Akeno's face and pressing her heels into her back. "Add another finger, I...gah!"

"That's it," Harry grinned as he watched Akeno start pumping three fingers in and out of Rias, curling them upward towards her g-spot. "You're going to earn your reward faster than I thought."

"You know all too well how good our little slut is with her mouth," Rias purred, and Akeno quivered, feeling her insides quiver at her words. "You're such a good girl, Akeno. For anyone else, a spanking might be a true punishment, but we know for you it's more of a reward."

"And you're going to be rewarded until you cry, I promise," Harry grinned, conjuring a leather strap and brushing it against Akeno's back, making her gasp. "You don't even need to look to know what this is, clearly. Make Rias cum and you and I are going to have so much fun together."

"Shit!" Rias cried, cackling when she felt Akeno start sucking on her clit and rubbing her g-spot even harder. "Mmm, you're really desperate, aren't you? I could make you work for it, you know, try to hold back as long as I could…"

Akeno's lust-darkened eyes found her's and she giggled at the desperation in them.

"Oh, don't worry, I'm not that cruel...today, anyway," Rias grinned. "Make me cum, Akeno, just a little...little...yes!"

Just as Rias' back arched off the bed, Harry brought the strap down on Akeno's ass, and she shrieked at the sudden pain.

"Harder!" she screamed, and he chuckled.

"Which do you prefer?" Harry asked. "Feeling pain or causing it?"

"Causing, honestly, but experiencing it can be so much fun too," Akeno grinned, screaming when he brought it down on her other cheek.

"Count for me," Harry commanded, and she nodded frantically just as Rias sighed happily, brushing her hair out of her face.

"I needed that," the redhead breathed, sitting up and grinning when Harry brought the strap down again.

"One!" Akeno screamed, grabbing the sheets in front of her so tightly she thought she might tear them. "Two!"

"Have I mentioned recently how fucking hot you are?" Rias purred as she crawled behind him, taking in the sight of his muscular back. Leaning in, she pressed her huge breasts against him and wrapped her arms around his middle as he continued to smack Akeno's rapidly reddening ass. "Your workout routine continues to pay dividends."

"Nine, fuck!" Akeno wailed, her whole body shaking. "Ten!"

"Mmm, you're taking it so well," Harry rumbled, ghosting the strap over her welt-covered ass, "and clearly enjoying yourself."

He brushed it over her dripping wet pussy, and she gasped, looking back at him in shock.

"Lower your face down onto your hands," Harry commanded, and she nodded frantically before doing so.

"Fuck, I love you so much," Akeno whimpered. "You're sure you don't want to try switching places sometime?"

"Sorry, luv, but I'm not into submission," Harry replied. "Luckily for you, we have other lovers more than willing to let you torture them for fun."

"Not everyone's a switch, Akeno," Rias giggled, grinning when he brought the strap down onto Akeno's ass again, making her scream. "I can smell you from here."

"She smells so good," Harry rumbled.

"Twelve!" Akeno screamed. "Oh, fuck, I swear a stiff breeze could make me cum right now."

"Hmm, then maybe we should continue this later," Harry said, and before she could react, he pulled her plug out of her ass and, taking a second to lubricate his cock, buried it to the hilt inside her sweltering hole in one long thrust.

She shrieked, cumming the second his balls hit her clit, and he groaned as she fell forward, taking him with her.

"She wasn't kidding," Rias giggled, watching the raven-haired beauty writhe and sob under Harry as she gushed all over the bed. "You know, if you hold her up in the air, I could get one of our strap-ons and we could really stuff this little pain slut full."

"Oh...fuck…" Akeno panted, shaking like a leaf and still wanting more. "Do it! When we go...to that other world...I want to be so sore...I have to fly."

Harry chuckled at the thought and floated up into the air, reaching under her knees and holding her against his chest as Rias quickly attached the harness for her favorite strap-on, fully intending to fuck her best friend until she passed out.

*****

"Really, it's okay," Asia said, trying not to think about why Akeno needed the sort of healing she did the next morning. "It was a muscle cramp, just a really weird muscle cramp; that's it."

"Strategically speaking, going into potential enemy territory with a limp that bad is a bad idea," Ciri repeated, and Harry rubbed the back of his neck, looking away. "That remains true even if you can fly."

The ability to fly was probably one of the most tempting things about Rias' offer of devilry, as it was something she'd not even considered learning to do back in her own world. It looked like a lot of fun and had enormous combat potential, but that wasn't enough to make her leap into something like this so soon. She'd gone back and forth on it repeatedly in the last few days, changing her mind each time she thought she'd decided to just go for it and in the end, her compromise seemed like the ideal solution.

"I'll get to see up close what they're like when they're not comfortable at home," Ciri thought to herself, "and if we end up fighting anyone or anything, that will give me an even clearer view of them."

"Oh, good, you haven't left yet," Sirius murmured, walking in just as Asia finished up.

"Are you sure that you don't want to take any minions with you, Ma'am?" Gnarl asked. "I've lost Overlords in strange dimensions before, and it's never fun."

"I am," Hermione nodded. "We have a lot of firepower here, Gnarl. Anything more would be overkill."

"But that's the best kind of kill," Gnarl argued, and Harry chuckled.

"If we end up needing any, we can come back," he said. "You're sure that the ring is connected to that glowing orb?"

"We tested it the other day," Gnarl nodded. "It's not quite a tower heart, but it should let me communicate with you, if such things remain possible across dimensions."

"That's going to be just one of the things I intend to test out," Hermione grinned. "Oh, this is so exciting!"

"You really don't want me to come?" Sirius asked.

"I need someone to keep an eye on things here," Harry replied. "We're hoping that we won't be gone too long."

"Stay safe," Sirius sighed, hugging his godson. "All of you try to stay safe."

"We'll do our best," Luna smiled.

"Try to check in on Maman for me while I'm gone," Fleur murmured, and he nodded. "Thank you, Sirius."

"We have everything we need?" Ciri asked, and when they all nodded, she looked down at the drawing in her hand.

She'd have preferred to have more of an idea where this odd world was than just being able to get a feel for a single thing copied from there, but it was all she had, and it would have to do. Reaching out, she opened a portal and immediately felt the sheer breadth of the multiverse as she always did. She closed her eyes and felt for the world she wanted to go to, smiling when she came across one that she thought seemed like it.

"Come," she said, leading them in through the portal, and they all followed after her, leaving the Rookery and reappearing in a very, very different world.

"What the fuck?" Harry asked as he looked around at the ruined wasteland of a city around him.

"Look out!" Luna exclaimed, and they all whipped around just in time to see a monstrous, humanoid creature running towards them, snarling and showing off his razor-sharp teeth.

His skin was a burned orange and seemed to be drawn too tightly across his skeleton, not that that slowed him down at all. His glowing red eyes seemed to radiate malice, and as he leapt towards them, a ball of fire formed in his hand. Harry conjured a shield of water around them, though it turned out to be unnecessary as a red ball of pure destruction slammed into the creature, atomizing it before it could even scream.

"I daresay this world has changed a little since Flamel was here," Rias muttered, and they all looked around warily, realizing that they'd entered a world even more hostile than they imagined it could be.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
Last edited: Jun 28, 2026
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:KodaJaxxs, Chandrak, Brawlingbard and 150 others
voivode_writer
Jun 23, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 58 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Jul 7, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,152
"What the hell was that?" Harry asked as he gazed down at the spot where the fire-throwing monster had stood a moment prior.

"You...you killed the demon," a voice came, and they turned to see a terrified-looking young man emerge from behind one of the ruined buildings.

"Demon?" Ciri asked.

"How the hell did you do that?" the man asked, and they all tensed as they realized that he was wearing body armor

"Calm down," Harry said softly, hitting the man with powerful calming and compulsion charms. "Who are you and where are we?"

"I'm Private Mark Black with the ARC, and you're in what was Phoenix, Arizona," the man replied, and they all nodded.

"That explains the dry heat, though the burning remains of the city might be contributing to that too," Akeno murmured. "What happened here?"

"Hell happened," Mark replied. "Portals started opening up here a few months ago, and those...things popped out of them. We managed to contain most of the outbreaks to start with, but only barely, and things are getting worse. There's some sort of super-nest in Central Europe that's completely out of control. The death rate has spiked and...how did you destroy that imp? I've never seen anything like it; you didn't even have a gun."

"We have little need of guns," Hermione replied. "Tell me, have you ever heard of something called Argent Energy?"

"Heard of it?" the man scoffed. "That shit might be what got us into that mess."

"Explain," Rias commanded.

"We don't know for sure, but most of us used to work for the Union Aerospace Corporation, the company that produced and supplied it," Mark replied.

"You're a soldier, though," Koneko pointed out.

"I was part of their security force," Mark replied. "When all this shit started going bad, our facilities on Mars got overwhelmed first and that...that was a nightmare even worse than this. I don't know if the energy production itself drew the demon's attention or if it was just the cultists but…"

"Okay, slow down," Rias said. "Mars facilities?"

"You...how do you not know about that?" Mark asked, confused. "We've been on Mars my whole life."

"Ciri, you're sure this isn't our planet but just in the future, right?" Hermione asked the ashen-haired beauty in her own language.

"I'm positive we're in another universe," Ciri replied.

"What's this cult you mentioned?" Harry asked.

"They worship the demons," Mark replied. "Half the company seemed to be nuts, not that we realized it. The saner ones among us immediately went with Dr. Samuel Hayden when he formed the ARC...Armed Response Coalition. Have you lot been under a rock this whole time?"

"Something like that," Harry muttered. "If we wanted to get our hands on a sample of this Argent Energy, where would we find some?"

Mark squirmed at that, his suspicion at the question strong enough to make him resist the compulsion for a moment, though he quickly failed and said, "You can still get the synthetic stuff but goodness knows how long that will remain viable with the world falling apart."

"Synthetic stuff?" Rias asked warily.

"Our supply of the pure energy got cut off when everything went to shit on Mars," Mark replied. "It's what powered the world and the energy crisis that ensued after it was cut off was...rough, but the doctor managed to synthesize it with an artifact he found there."

"Do you know if there's any of the pure energy on Earth?" Rias asked, wondering if the synthetic version would work for the Philosopher's Stone.

"There might still be a few power cells in the larger ARC labs," Mark replied. "They studied them extensively while they were trying to find a way out of the crisis."

"I see," Harry nodded, peering inside his mind to see if the soldier knew the location of any of these labs and smiling when he found what he wanted. "Listen, we'll take you to your base so you can get checked out. I'm guessing that the rest of your squad was…"

"They're all gone," Mark sighed, shaking his head. "I'm the...ahh!"

Before they could ask what was wrong, a ball of blue plasma flew between them, striking the solder and melting off his head. They whipped around and gawked at the floating creature who had drawn close while they were distracted.

"That looks like a meatball with features," Koneko muttered, flying up into the air to meet the monster.

"From what I managed to pull out of Mark's head before, well...they call that thing a cacodemon," Harry said, watching as it regarded Koneko with genuine curiosity, clearly not being used to seeing humans fly.

That curiosity gave way to murderous rage a moment later, and it spat out a ball of blue plasma at her, which she deftly strafed away from before moving in. Her speed took the monster by surprise, and it tried to move back so it could lunge at her, but she was too quick and quickly shoved her armored fist through its single eye. A moment later, they heard Ddraig roar, and a burst of green energy blasted out through the back of the creature, killing it instantly.

"We should find a calmer spot and talk," Hermione suggested, and Harry nodded, picking up Ciri and flying up into the air.

"Even with the things I've seen, this is really bad," she sighed. "These monsters seem even worse than the ones from my world."

The scene below them was one of devastation, an entire city reduced to blood-soaked rubble. The area they'd appeared in turned out to be one of the least affected parts of it, and they quickly turned themselves invisible to avoid detection by the swarming army below.

"Wow, I can't see myself at all," Ciri murmured.

"A disillusionment charm," Harry explained as he flew off away from the city, landing by the side of a ruined road about a mile to the north.

Thanks to the master-servant bond most of them could sense where he was despite the invisibility and Rias made sure to reach out to Kiba to ensure that he followed them along. The moment they landed, they undid their spells and looked around, still quite wary.

"I'd suggest that we help these poor people, but I don't know where we'd even start," Hermione muttered.

"We've walked into an apocalypse, one that the humans of this world seem to have brought upon themselves and which is, frankly, beyond our abilities," Rias replied. "We handled ourselves against the two demons we faced easily enough, but some of the ones we saw from the sky…"

"Some of the things here seem frightfully powerful, and there are legions of them," Harry sighed. "If the rest of the planet looks as bad as Phoenix does, humanity here is screwed."

"What we seek might not be, though," Kiba said. "Did you manage to get the location of one of the labs Mark thought we might find a sample of Argent Energy from?"

"I did, and one seems to be far and away our best bet," Harry replied. "It's one of the principal laboratories of the UAC, and it's under the current headquarters of the ARC. It's not fallen to the demons yet, as far as Mark knew, and while I doubt their security is anything to sneeze at, I'd rather be forced to get past a bunch of humans undetected than fight my way through a legion of those things."

"Keep in mind that these particular humans are likely a little more advanced than we are," Hermione said. "They're fighting against monsters with magical abilities too, so they might very well have ways to detect us that we can't account for."

"Our magic disrupts electrical technology," Luna murmured, "or at least it did to the technology on our Earth, so their detection methods might not work around us at all. Where is this lab?"

"On the other end of the continent, sadly," Harry replied. "It's near the old American capital."

"You really think this might be our best option?" Rias asked.

"The other labs he knew of that might have what we're looking for were either in cities that had already fallen or locations currently besieged by demons," Harry replied. "This one, at least, was still secure and I'd really rather not fight more of those things than we have to. We came to replicate Flamel's success, not fight a war we still know almost nothing about."

"How far away is this place?" Ciri asked.

"Probably a couple thousand miles," Kiba replied, making her jaw drop. "North America is huge from what I've read."

"A couple thousand...we'll be here for days," Ciri spluttered.

"No, we won't," Harry replied. "One of the reasons why I plucked the locations out of Mark's mind rather than just ask him where they were is because it let me get visuals of them. I can teleport us there."

"Oh, thank goodness," Ciri sighed.

"You'd think you of all people would have thought of portals first," Koneko snickered, and Ciri rolled her eyes.

"Even I need to have some clue where I'm going to avoid traveling at complete random," she muttered as Harry opened up a magic circle. Admiring the glowing red symbols, the former princess said, "I'll admit that your teleportion method looks better than mine does."

"It is, alas, far more limited," Harry smiled. "Come, we should get going. Given how far away this is, it's probably at least a full time zone over, and it might actually be night there already, given how the sun looks here."

"That will be nice," Rias said as she stepped into the circle with him.

"Wait, are devils actually stronger at night?" Ciri asked as the others crowded around the circle. "I didn't think you were serious."

"It makes a bit of a difference," Akeno replied.

They vanished in a flash of red light and appeared just outside a building much like the ones that Flamel had described.

"I guess that glass and metal architecture trend the muggles are so fond of continued here," Luna murmured as she looked around. "I don't really like it, to be honest."

"DEMONIC THREAT DETECTED," a robotic voice sounded across the area, and they froze, looking around and trying to sense what the voice was talking about.

When, a moment later, all they noticed was a number of heavily armed men rushing towards their position, they realized that they were the threat and quickly vanished, flying up into the air about thirty seconds before the men turned the corner and reached their position.

"I don't see anything," one of them muttered. "Is that damn thing even working?"

"Shh!" another of the soldiers hissed. "There's a type of demon that can turn invisible. It's a four-legged horned thing that really likes to gore people."

"Because of course some of them can turn invisible too," Harry thought to himself.

"DEMONIC THREAT ELIMINATED," the robotic voice called out, and the soldiers all relaxed.

"Must have been a false alarm," one of them sighed, shaking his head. "Back inside, men."

"Yes, sir!" the rest of them replied, following their commander back towards the building.

"Follow them in," Rias' voice rang in all their heads and they nodded, following after the soldiers and slipping in behind them. "I cast linking spells on all of us while we were on the road back in Arizona."

"What the hell was that?" Koneko asked before she could continue.

"I think the detector registered our teleportation as being demonic in origin," Hermione replied.

"Why did it think we were eliminated?" Luna asked.

"My guess would be that however it detects the demons, it only picked up our magic as being like them while we didn't trip anything up ourselves," Rias replied. "We'll need to keep that in mind."

"We're in here at least," Akeno said. "We should have a look around and see what sort of security we're dealing with here."

"In all likelihood, we're going to need to take control of someone high up to let us through," Rias said. "We could try replicating their armor to make it easier to move about here. Walking around invisible is fun and all, but I'd rather not have to dodge people."

They all thought that was a great idea and spent the next couple minutes conjuring suits of armor for themselves. The ARC soldiers all wore full helmets that completely obscured their identity, which was helpful, and soon enough, they were all so well-disguised that they could reveal themselves. Hermione reminded them to look out for cameras and took them an additional moment to find a spot where they could just appear without it looking suspicious.

"We'll likely be asked to identify ourselves at some point," Koneko pointed out. Lowering her voice, she whispered, "Should I look taller than I am? I do look kind of ridiculous like this."

"I'm sure there are female soldiers in this world, futuristic as it seems," Hermione replied, "and at any rate, we're not going to let ourselves be questioned too extensively."

"The best way to avoid questioning is to appear like you belong wherever you are," Rias said. "These suits and prop guns should be enough to avoid detection for the most part. Now let's have a look around and see if we can get a sense of where we should be looking for these energy cells."

They made their way through, letting Rias take the lead. As the daughter of a powerful noble family, she'd been raised since she was born to behave like she belonged absolutely anywhere and walked with the natural confidence that came from such an upbringing. They looked around as casually as they could, taking in what turned out to be a very clean, simply designed facility.

"This world must have at least a century of technological development on ours," Hermione thought to herself. "It looks like something out of Star Wars."

"Out of what?" Ciri asked.

"A movie trilogy my...father was fond of," Hermione replied, feeling her heart clench as she thought of him.

Harry reached out subtly to rub her back comfortingly, and she smiled at him, only to remember she was wearing a helmet much like his.

"Soldiers!" a voice barked, and they all froze, turning to look as a man in armor just like theirs came over, the badge on his chest a little more ornate than the ones they'd used as templates for their own. "Those ID badges of yours look quite strange."

"I…" Harry went to say.

"They're downright clean," the man finished jovially, making them all relax a little. "Are you fresh recruits?"

"Yes, we are, Sir," Harry replied and the man cocked his head.

"A Brit?" he asked. "I'm sorry about London. It was a fine city before those bastards got to it."

"Indeed it was," Harry nodded, "Imperio."

The man went stiff as the curse took hold of his mind and then relaxed completely, losing himself in the disturbingly comfortable haze that it afflicted him with.

"Tell me your name and rank," Harry commanded.

"Lieutenant Kyle Roberts," the man replied as they heard a pair of other soldiers approaching them.

"Walk with us," Harry said. As the lieutenant did so, they passed the pair, who didn't say a word to any of them, and Harry peered into his mind, looking for any indication that this facility might have what they'd come for, smiling when he saw images of the lab under their feet. "Tell me, do you have authorization to enter the laboratory downstairs?"

"I do," the lieutenant replied. "There are few places in this facility that I don't have authorization to enter.

"Why not just root through his head for that?" Ciri asked quietly, making sure no one nearby could hear them, and Harry shook his head.

"It can take time to look through someone's mind, and it is faster to just ask questions unless you're looking for images," Hermione replied for him.

"Do you know if the lab has any original argent power cells?" Harry asked, not having seen anything like that specifically in his mind, and the man shrugged.

"I'm not paid to know what the eggheads work on," Kyle replied and Harry sighed.

"Alright, well, you're going to get us down there and…"

"LARGE DEMONIC THREAT DETECTED," the same robotic voice as before rang out through the intercom. "ALL PERSONNEL MUST REPORT TO THE NORTH ENTRANCE NOW."

"Fuck," Harry muttered, grabbing the lieutenant's keycard and willing him to go respond to that threat as he would normally.

The sound of marching reached their ears, and he quickly turned Ciri invisible before cloaking himself, with the rest of them following suit almost immediately. They watched the armored man rush off into battle and huddled into the nearest empty room, wanting to avoid the dozens of soldiers who quickly passed by them.

"So much for avoiding the demons," Akeno muttered.

"I'm sure this place has weathered attacks before, and the threat should actually make it easier for us, move about undetected," Rias replied. "That keycard you swiped, will it let us into the lab?"

"Into the lab and beyond," Harry replied. "We just have to hope that, should this facility actually have the energy cells we're looking for, they're not locked away in a room it can't get us into."

"Well, on the bright side, the scientists down there likely won't be going off to join the fight, so if we need help getting into more restricted areas, we should be able to get them to do it," Hermione sighed, wishing she could do more about the threat closing in on them.

"There are too many of them for us to take alone," Rias said, sensing what the brunette was thinking even if she couldn't outright hear it.

"That's true," Harry sighed. "From what I saw in the lieutenant's mind, there might be a whole planet full of them, to say nothing of what's happened on Mars. I don't think the people here have much hope, but I also don't think we could do much to help them."

"They're just doomed?" Luna asked.

"It seems this whole world is," Rias sighed. "I envy Flamel for getting to come here as early as he did."

"He didn't mention anything like this, that's for sure," Harry muttered as they reached the entrance to the lab. He held the lieutenant's keycard against the sensor and opened the door as quickly as he could, holding it until they'd all gotten in.

"They really like metal," Luna murmured as she looked around. "I don't think we've seen a single part of this facility yet that wasn't covered in metal panels to one extent or another."

"It makes walking annoying," Koneko muttered, the constant quiet clanging she'd heard since they entered the place having bothered her sensitive ears.

"Well hopefully we won't be here much longer," Rias murmured, going still as the sound a heavy crash above them rang down.

"DEMONIC THREAT LEVEL INCREASING," the robotic voice announced, and they sighed.

"We need to evacuate!" a terrified voice cried out.

"Evacuate to where?" another asked. "If even this facility isn't safe where the fuck could we go?"

"We're not...evacuating," a robotic voice declared. "Our soldiers will hold off this latest incursion. Continue your work, so that I might aid them."

"Yes, Dr. Hayden," the first man sighed and the otherworlders all looked intrigued at that.

"That's the Dr. Hayden that Mark guy mentioned?" Luna asked. "He sounds...not human."

"He sounds robotic, which might well be because that's what he is," Hermione replied. "We have no idea what sort of technology we're dealing with here, and it's entirely possible that in this world it isn't impossible to transfer your consciousness to a robotic form."

"Seriously?" Ciri asked.

"I've read about weirder things," Hermione replied.

They moved closer to the voices they'd heard before, both because they wanted to see just what they were dealing with and because they figured that at least one of them would be likely to know if there were any argent energy cells around. They remained invisible, knowing that the presence of soldiers down there would look suspicious with the crisis clearly unfolding above, and when they finally reached the room that the voices they'd heard before had come from, Rias and Harry stopped so abruptly in shock that the others bumped into them.

The being stretched out across the operating table was humanoid in shape, but that was where the comparison began and ended. He was huge, perhaps just a foot shorter than Hagrid, and thin, with a narrow torso and long, narrow limbs. Being made of metal, he didn't need to be bulky to be strong, and they imagined he was quite strong, yet if the damage done to him was any indication, it hadn't been enough. One of his legs was shorn nearly off, while the other one looked like it had teeth marks in it, something that was terrifying to think about.

Parts of his torso still showed the white, gleaming chrome that parts of him had once been, while the rest was so covered in soot and singe that it was barely noticeable. He had a single slit on his head that glowed blue, and from the way he looked at the men working on repairing the damage, they figured it was supposed to be an eye.

"Wow he's…" Luna went to say, when she noticed something odd. "He doesn't feel human."

He really didn't, feeling distinctly alien instead. The demons they'd encountered had all had a distinct wrongness to them, feeling undeniably evil and oddly tortured as well, and this Hayden figure didn't feel like them, but neither did he feel particularly human.

"Sir...if I may, shouldn't we be trying harder to find him?" one of the men asked, and Dr. Hayden shook his head.

"In time he will find us, I'm sure," Dr. Hayden replied. "If we fail, certainly he will. It is his nature, the singular obsession that fuels his life of carnage. We can still contain this threat, but if we don't, he will come and he will rip and tear until he drowns this planet in their blood."

"If we found him now, though," the man insisted, grunting as he finally managed to remove the more damaged leg. "There, now we can hammer this back into shape and try to reinforce it."

"Be quick about it," Dr. Hayden ordered. "Finding him would require us to pull critical resources from our efforts against the demons here and might be for nothing. The last known coordinates we have on him would have become useless within the day, and he can be most...evasive when he wants to be."

"The Slayer could just make his way back to Mars, though," the other man said. "The demonic presence on that planet has to be enough to matter to him."

"Again, we would need to pull resources away from here and would be doing so on a maybe," Dr. Hayden replied, quieting down as the deafening sound of metal clanging started echoing through the laboratory.

"We should find the man who left," Rias projected to them. "He's fully human and, from the look of him, likely more familiar with this lab than the lieutenant was."

"He's also no longer with the oddly scary robot who feels like nothing we've ever come across before," Akeno added.

Harry picked up Ciri, and they all flew away, not wanting to test whether or not the robot's hearing was good enough to notice their steps. The sound of metal clanging against metal got louder and louder as they went, and they ended up having to cast spells to shield their ears from it. After a moment they found the man and saw that he was operating some sort of machine that had heated the robot's leg until it was glowing yellow and was now forcing it back into shape. Harry peered inside his mind without a word, figuring that finding the images of the energy cells he was looking for wouldn't take long, only to freeze when he realized that all of the man's most recent memories of them were images he'd seen on a computer screen.

"Fuck," he muttered, and the man yelped, whipping around.

"What the...who are…" he went to ask, only to go still as Harry hit him with calming and compulsion charms.

"I'm looking for energy cells containing the original Argent Energy," he said. "Are there any here?"

"No," the man replied. "We used up the last of them ages ago."

"Shit," Rias muttered. "We could try taking samples of the synthetic version, but if it doesn't work…"

"We'd end up forced to either give up or return to this nightmare world," Harry muttered.

"I just realized I forgot to check in with Gnarl," Hermione murmured, bringing her ring to her mouth. "Are you there? Can you hear me?"

"Are there any energy cells left containing the original version of Argent Energy?" Harry asked, and the man nodded. "Where?"

"There was a storehouse of them in a facility on Mars that we never managed to clear out," the man replied. "I used to work there before everything went wrong. It was only by sheer luck that I got transferred down here when I did."

"Do you have any space suits we could use if we went there?" Hermione asked, and the man furrowed his brow in confusion.

"Suits?" the man asked. "Why would you need suits to visit Mars?"

"Wait, does Mars have a breathable atmosphere?" Rias asked, and the man blinked at her in confusion.

"Yeah," he replied slowly. "Are you feeling alright?"

"So they terraformed the planet, built massive energy production facilities there, and then accidentally summoned demons who ripped it all apart," Hermione surmised. "Are we really going to a demon-infested Mars on the faint hope there's something left for us to take there?"

"I mean...look, if you're unwilling, I understand because this is so far outside what we figured we were walking into here, but we've come this far," Rias sighed, and the others looked away, contemplating the choice before them.

"Even if he has given up, I do still want to see if the Philosopher's Stone can create an elixir capable of restoring Papa," Fleur said.

"We've managed to evade them so far," Akeno murmured, "and the vast majority of them don't seem to be able to fly, so we can probably just avoid them entirely."

"It would be cool to walk on another planet that isn't Earth of the Underworld," Luna added.

"It's not like we haven't managed to kill the ones we've come across before," Koneko shrugged.

"Mione?" Harry asked softly and she chuckled, shaking her head.

"For the record, my objection was more down to the seeming pointlessness of it than the danger," Hermione replied. "Nicolas Flamel had it so much easier when he came here."

"If you get the images from his mind, will you be able to teleport us over even though it's on another planet?" Ciri asked.

"I've done it before, going back and forth between Earth and the Underworld," Harry replied as he looked back at the scientist and searched through his mind more extensively. "Do you have any reason to suspect that there are any more samples of the non-synthetic energy on Earth?"

"I'd be shocked if there were," the man replied and he sighed.

Taking a moment to wipe his memory, Harry and the others disappeared and quickly found an empty room to open a magic circle in, knowing that the facilities security would likely pick up on it again as it did last time. Just as they heard the the robotic voice sound the alarm, they all stepped inside the circle and vanished, reappearing in a building that had clearly at one point looked much like the one they just left, but which now lay in ruin.

They whipped around at the sound of furious growling next to them and looked in shock at the three armed men who greeted them with instant hostility. They'd once been human, that much was clear, but the demons that killed them hadn't stopped there. Their skin looked melted, pink, and sagging in places. Their eyes were white and yet clearly they could see, and as they raised their arms towards them, Harry realized, to his horror, that their guns had become fused into their flesh. He barely conjured a shield in time to stop the bullets, and Akeno took advantage of their distraction, flying up and blasting the three of them with yellow lightning that made them shriek.

"Zombies too?" Hermione asked. "What sort of horror movie have we stumbled into?"

"One that I'd like to leave as soon as we can," Rias muttered, floating over to the end of the hallway they'd appeared in and checking to see if there were other demons nearby. "The coast is clear for now. How close to the storage room did you take us?"

"As close as I could," Harry replied, scratching his head as he looked at the doorway in front of them, or what remained of it.

Half of the ceiling above had caved in there, crushing the door and blocking the path forward.

"Please tell me this isn't the only way in," Ciri muttered.

"It is and the bloke back there never saw the inside of the room so I can't take us closer," Harry muttered. "I can't see past all this debris either."

"We'll have to destroy it, though if we just do that carelessly, it might cause a greater cave-in," Akeno sighed.

"Focus on reinforcing the floor above," Rias said. "Once this part of the building is structurally secure, I'll destroy everything in our way."

"Bloody hell, we actually are on Mars," Hermione breathed as she looked out the one miraculously solid window next to them. The red, bone-dry terrain outside looked like every image of the planet she'd ever seen, "I wonder how they managed it."

"I'm sure we'll be able to find their documentation in the omnilibrary or the Room of Requirement if it turns out that our collection actually is incomplete," Rias replied. "Kiba, Koneko, Ciri, I want you three guarding the hallway. The rest of us will work on making sure this dilapidated ruin doesn't fall on our heads."

"Sounds like a plan," Kiba murmured as he and Koneko moved into position.

To say that the facility had seen better days would be an understatement. Even ignoring the bloodstains on the walls and floors and the scorch marks everywhere from fires that had clearly burned themselves out ages ago, it was clear that maintenance on the place had stopped long before the last man died. It was a miracle that it was standing at all, and once the peerage had finished cleaning up what they needed to to move around more easily, they started repairing the damaged walls and ceiling. They didn't need to get it back in perfect shape to be able to safely clear the rubble, but they did need to make sure that it was structurally sound at least.

"I can see enough of the floor upstairs to teleport there," Luna said as she floated along the ceiling and peered through the gaps in it. "I'll check and make sure that it isn't more dangerous than we think."

"Be careful," Harry said. "I don't sense anything too close by, but then, we didn't sense that strange one-eyed thing back in Phoenix."

"Will do," Luna nodded, casting a disillusionment charm on herself before teleporting upstairs. "You're on the second floor from the top, actually. The ceiling here caved in, causing everything below it to collapse, but if I just vanish the rest of the debris here, it should be safer to create a path to the storage room than we feared."

"Do you see any indication that there was damage done to the room beyond this hallway?" Harry asked. "Because if it's in as bad of a shape, those energy cells might be toast."

"It seems to have been limited to the area I just cleared out," Luna replied. "I think something crashed through the ceiling here that…"

She trailed off and appeared next to them a moment later. "I think we're about to have company."

"What did you see?" Rias asked but before Luna could reply Kiba's panicked shout reached them.

"Guys, a little help here!" he called out, and Rias signaled for the rest of them to go see what was wrong.

"Here goes nothing," the redhead muttered, pressing her hand against the large obstruction blocking their path and channeling her power into it. It was atomized a moment later, and she rushed inside while Harry and the others went off to see what was giving Kiba, Koneko, and Ciri trouble.

"Holy shit," Akeno breathed as she took in the sight of the monster just as it backhanded Koneko across the hall, crashing into the far wall.

It was huge there was no other word for it, dwarfing even the robot they'd seen back on Earth. It was bipedal, its legs ending in cloven hooves, with bright red skin and a hulking physique that spoke to its immense strength. Its head was huge and monstrous, with two curved horns coming out of the sides of its head, large, razor-sharp yellow teeth, and green eyes that glowed with palpable malice. As Harry and Hermione went to check on Koneko, she raised her hands and unleashed the strongest bolt of lightning she could, hitting it right in the chest, only to freeze as it barely even staggered back at all.

"Look out!" Ciri warned, and they all barely managed to get out of the way as it unleashed a ball of green plasma that burned so hot they felt it anyway.

She had teleported behind him and slashed her blade at the back of its thighs, only to groan as she barely scratched it. The beast turned around and went to punch her, forcing her to teleport out as Kiba flew up and tried to stab at its throat. It caught his blade and grabbed him, squeezing until he cried out in pain. A sudden cone of cold at its crotch and fireball to its left shoulder made it roar, and it let go of Kiba, whom Fleur flew in and grabbed, taking him away alongside Luna just as Ciri teleported next to them.

"Avada Kedavra!" Harry hissed, hitting it center mass, only to freeze as it merely staggered back.

"That spell is meant to rip the soul out of a creature," he thought to himself. "Either these things don't have souls, or they're so tightly bound to their forms that the magic has no effect."

The beast roared at him, and Harry flew into the air, unleashing a barrage of every offensive spell he could think of. Blasting curses, gouging curses, fireballs, lightning bolts, and overpowered bludgeoning charms that would have turned elephants to mulch rained down on it, doing horrifyingly little damage. They did keep it occupied, though, forcing it to step back slowly as it furiously tried to find an opening for its counterattack.

Hermione, who had spent the whole time conjuring blocks of tungsten, transfigured them into bears and animated them to attack the beast, hoping to buy them time. Harry, seeing them coming, relented in his own assault, letting them distract it instead. As it roared in challenge and charged at its new foes, he transfigured the walls, reshaping them to completely close off the area they were in. He didn't expect that to buy them much more time than Hermione's conjurations would, but he hoped that it would work just long enough to let Rias find what they were looking for or give him enough time to try himself.

"That thing's hide...is insane," Ciri muttered. "I could barely graze it."

"Same," Kiba said. "Koneko are you okay?"

"I might have cracked a rib or two, but otherwise…" Koneko muttered. "That is so much worse than the imp or those soldiers."

"Harry, there are a bunch of things in here but I don't know what the hell I'm looking at," Rias projected across their bond. "We should have switched places in hindsight."

"We still can," Harry replied, flying down the hall. "There's something here that even you might struggle to damage."

They passed each other in the hall, and Harry quickly entered the storage room, lighting it up with a wave of his hand and frantically looking around for the power cells. By luck, it seemed to have suffered little damage, save for the heavily reinforced door that Rias had clearly melted a hole in to gain access, though as he heard the sound of metal being torn apart coming from down the hall, it became apparent that that was where their luck ended. Moving quickly, he started opening up every container he could find, hoping that one of them would contain the glowing orange spheres he'd seen in the scientist's mind.

"Oh, now I get it," Rias winced as the giant pinkish red monstrosity tore its way through the wall and tried to blast them with with a ball of green plasma.

She hit it directly with a ball of crimson destruction and smirked at the surprised look it gave her when she destroyed it.

"I'll keep this thing busy," Rias declared. "You all try to find ways to hurt it."

"It's insanely durable," Koneko warned as she flew right up to it.

It swiped its fist at her and she shielded herself with a wave of Destruction. It was a technique her mother had drilled into her extensively when she was younger and one she'd struggled with quite a bit, but she'd gotten it down eventually. She expected to see its fist simply atomize and was thus surprised when it managed to hit her away, hurling her into the wall. It roared in pain, looking down at its mangled fist, and tried to destroy the clearly dangerous foe next to it with another ball of plasma. Rias flew out of the way, winded but otherwise not too hurt, and it growled in frustration.

"I only destroyed its skin," the redhead breathed, genuinely shocked as she saw that, while she'd exposed the bones of its hand, she hadn't taken it clean off like she'd been trying to.

"Now, Koneko!" Ddraig roared, and she jumped forward, ducking under the beast's frustrated swing and punching it clean in the gut with her boosted gauntlet.

If it were a normal creature, her fist would have gone straight through it, enhanced as she was by the red dragon's power, and she groaned as she felt the reverberation go up her arm, feeling like she'd just tried to punch a tree as a baseline human. She didn't cause nearly the damage she wanted to, yet she still hit it hard enough to send it flying back across the hallway and grinned as it slammed into the wall.

"See how you like it," she muttered.

"We can actually hurt this thing, but we'd likely still be better off getting out of here," Fleur said as she bathed it in fire and scowled at how little damage she actually did. "'Arry, hurry up!"

"Trying!" he shouted back as the beast jumped to its feet and screamed in rage.

"It's worth a shot," Hermione said as Luna raised her hand and Rias cocked an eyebrow at them.

"What is it?" she asked.

"Destroy that outer wall," Hermione said, watching as Luna conjured a stream of water, soaking the floor in front of it as it charged at them.

Realizing what they had in mind, the crimson-haired beauty blasted the wall with destructive energy, creating a hole big enough for the monster to fit through, and watched as Hermione transfigured the floor into a curved slide and Luna froze the water to ice. The monster looked almost comically shocked as it slipped and fell and was so taken aback that it didn't manage to stop its descent in time to avoid being tossed out into the chasm below. It hurled one last ball of plasma at them, which Rias destroyed, before falling so far that it disappeared from view.

"Yeah, we can't help this world," Hermione panted, shaking her head. "I don't think Sirzechs would have an easy time of this."

"He'd have managed to destroy that thing, but against a whole army of them, I can't say," Rias sighed.

"I've got the energy cells," Harry declared as he appeared, drawing all their attention. "There were only four viable ones left, and I swiped them all."

"Only four left possibly in this whole universe," Rias sighed. "Well, we'll have to make them count."

"We should only need one to create the Stone, provided we don't fuck it up," Koneko muttered.

"Now, let's get the hell AHH!" Ciri screamed, and they all looked in horror as, before their eyes, it appeared like a sizable section of her abdomen just exploded outward.

They all watched in horror as blood started to spray out of her and she went prone, being dragged along by whatever had gored her. Fleur flew right at her, grabbing at the air behind her and feeling the invisible demon there.

"No!" Harry shouted, catching the ashen-haired beauty as she slumped forward into his arms.

"Die!" Fleur screamed, holding the struggling beast in the air. Its screams were deafening as she bathed it in fire, singing it to the bone until it finally went still in her arms.

"Oh no," Luna whimpered, sinking to her knees and trying to heal the gaping wound, only to go still as she saw Ciri's ruined intestines start spilling out.

"Rias," the otherworlder gurgled, looking desperately at the redhead, who was already pulling out her pouch of Evil Pieces. "Do...it."

"You're going to be alright," Rias promised her, pulling out a knight just as Akeno and Koneko worked together to pull down the roof to block off the area they were in. "In hindsight, we really should have done that earlier."

She would be assessing every moment of this adventure once they were safe and already suspected that she was going to find fault with quite a bit of how they'd handled things. She had some experience leading her peerage on missions of this nature but she was quickly starting to realize she'd never actually faced anything that was much of a threat to her before, and her prior successes had been more due to that than her own strategic abilities.

"Will that be enough?" Harry asked.

"On its own, almost certainly not, but I want to see if two knights will suffice," Rias replied, pushing the first against Ciri's chest.

It slipped inside with ease and started to glow and flash within her, indicating that it was insufficient, and she added a second one quickly. She had three of them, but no one had ever used three knights, rooks, or bishops before, and she hadn't thought to ask Ajuka if that would work. If it failed, she could try rooks or just do as she'd initially figured she'd need to and use a queen, but the advantages of a knight would suit Ciri well, she knew, and it wasn't as though she didn't have a minute to experiment, shielded as they were just then from other demonic incursions for the moment.

Ciri gasped as she felt the knights change her, grasping her abdomen as it started to knit itself back together.

"Can you open a portal back home for us?" Luna asked, and she nodded, reaching out and focusing on Japan back on Earth.

A glowing green portal opened up a moment later, and it was the last thing she saw before she passed out.

"She's fine," Rias said as she picked the still-bleeding blonde up. "Let's hurry through before this thing closes."

Not wanting to spend another minute in that wretched universe, they all stood up and went to make their way through the portal, only to freeze in mortal terror as they felt a presence unlike anything they'd ever known. It was distant, horrifyingly so, given that they could feel it, and it dwarfed the power of even that giant monster they'd just sent hurtling out to the ground below. It felt like rage incarnate, hatred on a level none of them could even fathom, and it was far and away the most powerful thing they'd ever been anywhere near.

"I don't think what we're feeling is even on this planet, and we can sense it," Akeno breathed. "Through the portal, now!"

They all flew as fast as they could, fearing that whatever was out there might teleport in and kill them all if they didn't.

"Oh, thank the Lightbringer," Rias breathed as she took in the familiar sight of the Japanese countryside and carefully set Ciri down.

Her injuries had almost healed, but she figured that it would be a little while before she woke again, something that she was entirely okay with.

"It turns out multiversal travel is very, very scary," Luna muttered, sitting down and trying to calm her racing heart as Harry sat down next to her and wrapped an arm around her shoulder.

"Gnarl, we're back," Hermione said into her ring. "Gnarl?"

"Maybe that thing just doesn't work," Kiba murmured as he saw her furrow her brow in confusion.

"We tested it," Hermione replied. "It didn't connect while we were in that waking nightmare of a universe, but the idea of it letting us communicate between dimensions was always theoretical and unlikely. Back here, though, it should work, and the fact that it isn't is frankly concerning. I'm going to...what the hell?"

"What is it?" Harry asked.

"I...I can't teleport to Kuoh," Hermione replied.

"What do you mean you can't...what in the world?" Rias muttered as she tried and failed to reach the town that had been her home for years.

She tried to teleport to the underworld too and found that she couldn't reach out to it either. For them to teleport required them to be able to clearly picture in their minds where they wanted to go before they opened a magic circle but in doing so, they reached out to the spot in question. She'd never failed to manage that before and hadn't known what it would feel like, but as she attempted it there and got the distinct sense that she was trying to reach a place that didn't exist, she was left wondering what had happened.

"Okay, this is bizarre," Harry said as he teleported ten feet to his right. "I can still do that, so it's not like the fight with that monster robbed us the ability, but I can't reach out to Kuoh, the Underworld or Hogsmeade."

"We're not on our Earth," Hermione breathed, and they all looked at her in shock, grimacing as they realized that she was almost certainly right.

"Ciri wasn't exactly of sound mind when she opened up that portal," Akeno sighed. "I guess we're on an entirely different Earth...again."

"Her stomach's closed back up so she should be fine soon," Luna said as she cleaned off the blood and ghosted her fingers over the other blonde's abdomen. "It didn't even scar."

"I can't say for sure that she's going to wake up soon, though," Rias murmured. "The Evil Pieces have taken, which is great, but this is the first time that they've ever been used on someone from her world with her elven blood, and I can't say for sure that that won't have any complications. I would have preferred to use them on her back in the Rookery, given that that would have been a more controlled environment, but…"

"C'est la vie?" Fleur murmured. "She is going to be alright, though, right?"

"She's already healed and feels perfectly stable," Rias replied. "I think we should find a nice hotel and just put her to bed for a while. We can monitor here there while a few of us look around and make sure that this world isn't a death trap like the last one."

With that, she flew up into the air to look around and quickly descended back down.

"We're not far from what looks remarkably like Tokyo," she declared.

"It is genuinely weird that there seem to be multiple Earths out there that all have the same continents and even settlements," Hermione said. "We were so focused on getting samples of Argent Energy back there that I don't think I really appreciated how bizarre it was that there was a Phoenix, Arizona, in a whole other Earth. There being a United States was weird enough on its own."

"I have no idea, and frankly, I'm too tired to ponder it right now," Fleur sighed. A moment later, she perked up and went, "I wonder if there is a Paris here and, if so, how they differ!"

"Let's get Ciri somewhere comfortable first and then we can buy an encyclopedia or something," Harry chuckled, standing up and wrapping an arm around her and kissing her cheek.

With Rias still holding Ciri, they all made themselves invisible and flew off towards Tokyo.

*****

"This is so weird," Rias marveled a while later as they sat together at their table in the the bar of the hotel they'd chosen. "This tastes just like Sapporo."

"It has flavor?" Harry teased as he sipped his own beer, and she slapped his shoulder. "I'm kidding. It's lager; it's not supposed to."

Rias stuck her tongue out at him and took another sip. "It's the same beer; it has the same name, and it is, obviously, made in the same place. How in the world can two universes have planets so absolutely similar to each other?"

"I have no idea," Harry murmured, looking up as he saw Akeno walk in. He signaled that they had a silencing charm around the table, and she nodded, staying quiet until she sat down next to them.

"She's resting well, and the others decided to stick around the room and watch after her," she said. "Still pondering the great mystery?"

"Taste this and tell me it isn't Sapporo," Rias said, offering her glass, and Akeno took it, taking a sip and furrowing her brow in confusion.

"Don't tell me it's called that," she said, and Rias nodded.

"This world is so much like ours it just doesn't make sense," she said. "There's no Hogwarts, so presumably there are no wizards or witches, and there's no Underworld, so we can guess there are no devils, but other than that…"

"It does seem genuinely boring, though given where we came from, that is not a bad thing," Akeno sighed. "We've hunted some terrible things together but never anything like that."

"We approached the whole thing poorly," Rias scowled. "From the moment we went to Mars, I don't think I made a single wise decision. I was just so hyperfocused on getting what we'd come for that I let that blind me to even basic strategy. I think we've also really gotten too used to being able to overpower our foes."

"We'll work on more tactical training once we get back," Harry said, rubbing her shoulder and earning a smile. "The important thing is that we got out in one piece, most of us, anyway."

"Asia could have healed Ciri if she'd come but she'd have fainted back in Phoenix, untrained as she is," Rias muttered. "Ciri's one of us now, and that's fantastic, though I suspect it will be a long time before I want to try visiting any other universes again after we return home."

"Do you want to go exploring?" Akeno asked. "This world seems so mundane that it shouldn't be a problem, and the rest of them should be more than capable of protecting Ciri from any threats that might pop up while she rests."

"I must say, I am really curious about how this Japan differs from ours," Rias replied. "Once Harry and I are done our beers, we can get going."

"Oh, don't wait on my account," Harry smiled before chugging what remained of his beer.

"Works for me," Rias replied before following suit, which he found genuinely impressive.

Akeno led them out into the streets of Tokyo, and they set about exploring the city, quickly coming to one very interesting conclusion.

"The streets and buildings are all the same," Rias murmured, shaking her head. "I don't visit Tokyo as often as I do Kyoto, but I've been to this part of it within the last couple years, and this is exactly like what I remember."

"So the city is in the same spot as the one in our world, has the same name and seems to be completely identical," Akeno surmised. "What are the chances of that?"

"Negligible, I'd say," Rias said. "I just don't understand how any of this is possible."

"We should check out the one part of Japan that we know for certain is different," Harry replied.

"Kuoh," Rias nodded.

"Yeah," Harry replied. "Is it just empty land in this version of Japan, or is there a village there with a different enough layout that my knowledge of the place in our world wasn't accurate enough for us to teleport there, and why was Kuoh, a tiny town that would be completely insignificant if your family and Sona's didn't have an interest in it, different in a way that Tokyo isn't?"

"We're stranded here until Ciri wakes up, and I can think of worse things we could do than try to answer this particular mystery," Akeno murmured, and Rias nodded, taking a moment to fill the others in on what they were doing.

"Alright, let's go," the redhead said, and the other two nodded.

They quickly found an empty alleyway they could step into before making themselves invisible and flying up into the air. Still able to sense where the others were, they remained undetectable as they flew away around the city, taking in the basic layout of it before flying south to the Kanagawa Prefecture.

"Okay, this is where Kuoh should be," Rias murmured as they landed in the middle of a forest. "The surrounding area looks the same, but…"

"It's completely undeveloped," Akeno said as she looked around, making herself visible again. "It's not on the coast, so I can get that, but...it's still weird that a spot this usable was just left empty. It's not like Japan is overflowing with space for settlement."

"It's such a minor change in a country that is so otherwise just like the Japan of our world," Rias murmured. "Why would this be the one big change between them?"

"I should check out the Highlands of Scotland before we leave," Harry murmured. "I know that Hogsmeade doesn't exist and Hogwarts wouldn't either if it doesn't. Is that area empty too or is there something else built in place of them?"

"Given how much less densely populated Scotland is than Japan, it being empty would be far more understandable," Akeno said. "It's definitely worth checking out, though, and…"

"Run!" they heard a frantic female voice shout, and they all winced.

"For fuck's sake," Rias muttered, glaring in the direction of the voice. "I have had quite enough excitement for today, thank you very much."

"Whoever that is is clearly in trouble, and it's almost certainly mundane trouble, so how hard would it be to lend them our ai…" Harry went to ask, only to go silent as they heard the distinct sound of a tree shattering.

"Perhaps this world isn't quite as mundane as we thought," Akeno grinned, and Rias sighed.

"Fine, let's go see what's going on," the redhead grumbled, and all three of them flew off in the direction of what was clearly quite the fight.

"All this fighting is making me so wet," the girl they heard before sighed breathily as they drew close. "If you want to give up, I'll understand, but I really hope you're willing to let me beat you more."

"A girl after my own heart," Akeno thought to herself as she drew close enough to see who was speaking.

She was short and clearly not human, given the tiny horns sticking out of her head, the wings sticking out of her back, and the whip-like tail floating behind her as she stood, facing a pair of creatures so shrouded in shadow that they could barely make out what they were. Her long white hair flowed behind her, obscuring far more of her form than the skimpy black leather outfit she was wearing. Behind her another girl stood, only a little taller, with long red hair nearly the same shade as Rias'. She was watching the fight with the open desperation of someone whose well-being rested on its outcome, and she was so focused on it that she didn't notice as a third shadowy figure emerged behind her.

"Oh, no you don't," Harry said, reaching out and grabbing the cowled figure by the ankle with a wave of his hand and dragging him away as he went to stab her.

"Ahh!" the girl screamed, whipping around and blasting the figure with a fireball. She looked at Harry, Rias, and Akeno in confusion, quickly realizing that they'd just saved her, and asked, "Who are you?"

All three of them stood in stunned silence at the sight of her with Akeno projecting across their bond, "Um, did I take a blow to the head earlier that I forgot about, or does she look a lot like you, Rias?"

"She could be Milicas' sister," Harry replied, noticing her pink eyes, just a shade lighter than Grayfia's red ones.

"Who goes there?" the white-haired girl snarled, jumping over as she finished off the other two and regarding the three of them warily. "Stay back!"

"Maria, it's okay!" the redhead exclaimed, grabbing the other girl's arm. "They saved my life."

"Really?" Maria asked, cocking her head at them curiously. "Why?"

"We happened to be in the area," Rias replied dryly, and Maria looked at her, finally noticing what they already had.

"You look a lot like Mio," she said slowly. "The name Wilbert doesn't ring any bells, does it?"

"I can't say I've ever met a Wilbert," Rias replied, and Maria nodded.

"If I may, what the hell were those things?" Harry asked.

"You're not wrong," Maria chuckled humorlessly, stepping closer and looking up at him. "They're...oh, my, an incubus!"

"What?" Mio asked as the three of them looked at her in shock.

"How did you know that?" Harry asked, and she looked at him strangely.

"Have you not noticed that I'm a succubus?" Maria asked, and his eyes went wide.

"You are?" Harry breathed as the other Rias and Akeno's jaws dropped.

"It explains the tail, though I didn't think you were actually devils," the redhead replied.

"Have you never met a succubus before?" Maria asked, her eyes flashing with impish mirth.

"Never," Harry replied.

"Well, then I guess you don't know the proper custom for when an incubus and a succubus meet," Maria grinned. "You and I must compete sexually until one manages to utterly dominate the other, leaving them a mindless wreck, utterly exhausted by pleasure!"

"What?!" the rest of them exclaimed in unison.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Markuz Black, KodaJaxxs, Chandrak and 150 others
voivode_writer
Jul 7, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 59 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Jul 21, 2026
Add bookmark
#1,173
"Maria!" Mio exclaimed, flushing scarlet at the white-haired girl's antics.

Maria barely heard her, focused as she was on Harry. She hadn't met an incubus in ages and was desperately curious to know if she'd manage to get under this one's skin. For his part, Harry just looked down at the young succubus, reaching out with his senses to get a feel for her desire. She was horny, that much was clear, and her attraction to him was obvious, but there was something else there as well, an impishness that had nothing at all to do with a genuine desire for this sexual duel she was talking about, and as he got a feel for her actual desires, he picked up on something else that he found useful.

"Alright then, let's do it right here and now," he replied, and she blanched.

"In front of them?!" Maria exclaimed in shock, only to huff as Harry smirked. "You really are one of us."

"I am, indeed, though I imagine that I'm rather different," Harry replied. "What were those things?"

"Servants of the demon lord," Maria replied. "Who are you three, and why do you feel so different from other demons?"

"Different how?" Mio asked.

"I can't put my finger on it, but none of them feel like us," Maria asked.

"Are you a succubus too?" Rias asked Mio, who shook her head.

"No, but she is a demon," Maria replied.

"Well, we aren't, not really," Harry replied. "We're devils, which sounds similar, I know, but I get the feeling we're rather different. We're not from this world for one thing."

"What?" Mio asked as Maria blinked in confusion.

"Why do I get the sense you're not from the demon realm either?" the white-haired woman asked.

"Do you think there could be more of those shadow creatures around?" Harry asked.

"It's possible," Maria sighed. "They're relentless."

"Well, given that we're so exposed out here, how about we continue this conversation somewhere else?" Harry asked. "We have a suite of hotel rooms in Tokyo that…"

"Harry, could I have a word?" Rias asked pointedly, and he nodded, signaling to Mio and Maria to wait a second as he flew off after her and Akeno.

"Is it possible they're working for the demon lord?" Mio asked quietly, and Maria shook her head.

"I mean, it's possible, but...they feel so weird that I really don't think they're lying about being from somewhere else entirely, and we haven't given our enemies enough trouble yet to justify looking further afield for aid in dealing with us," she replied. "I've told you what they're like."

"Harry, what are you doing?" Rias asked the moment she finished silencing the area around them. "I was all for saving them, but we just met them, and I don't want potentially dangerous strangers, especially strangers being hunted by shadowy monsters, around Ciri as she recovers."

"I'm not suggesting that we take her into Ciri's room, but...Maria's a succubus," Harry breathed. "Do you know what that means?"

"Do you?" Akeno asked. "We have no idea if the demons of this world are anything like the devils of ours."

"No, but...I'm one of a kind in all the universe stuck with nothing but a ghost to explain to me how my powers work or anything else," Harry replied. "If that girl has been a succubus her entire life…"

"She could help you figure out some things that Leviathan can only explain in theory," Rias nodded. "Again, though, we have no way of knowing if they're anything like us."

"I think it's worth figuring out," Harry replied. "Sapporo's the same in this world, so what's to say there aren't any similarities?"

"At the risk of inviting further teasing, lager is somewhat less complex than the average devil," Rias said dryly, and he chuckled.

"I will remind you that the one girl does look like she could be your sister," Akeno replaced.

"I know you recognize a desperate soul when you see one, and those two are desperate," Harry replied. "We can take them back with us, get their story, and figure out what to do from there. At the very least we may be able to determine how they differ from us."

"We'll keep them out of Ciri's room, and you, Akeno, I'll charge with guarding her," Rias said. "Until she wakes up and I know for sure that the evil pieces worked on her without issue, I'm going to be on edge. We could get back home without her help but…"

"It would be difficult," Harry nodded. "At least we know this world has powerful beings we could use for the ritual if we needed to."

"Yeah, it's nowhere near as boring as it first appeared," Rias replied as she undid her silencing barrier.

The three of them flew back to Maria and Mio, who were waiting where they'd left them, still looking wary.

"If you follow us back to our hotel, we'll see there if we're going to be able to help you," Harry reiterated.

"I'd really rather not draw more demons to a place full of people," Mio fretted.

"There are more of us devils back there, so even if those things attack, we'll have the firepower to put them down quickly," Rias said. "We'll be able to wipe the memories of the humans as well."

"You can do that?" Mio asked, and Rias nodded.

"It proves useful more often than you'd think," she replied. "In the land we come from, we often have to deal with attacks from various types of monsters, and making sure that no one remembers them is a generally good idea."

"What brought you out here anyway?" Maria asked.

"We were looking for a town that doesn't exist," Akeno replied. "Can you two fly?"

"No," Mio replied. "I was going to ask you about that, actually."

"I can carry you," Akeno murmured, sweeping the redhead into her arms and making her squeak in surprise.

"I can't fly either," Maria said quickly, looking up at Harry, who cocked an eyebrow and gestured to the small wings poking out of the middle of her back. "These are for show, really."

"Uh huh," Harry replied, picking her up. "Merlin, you're light."

"Tiny, really," Rias purred, amused by the succubus' obvious attraction to him. "You utterly tower over her."

"Let's get out of here," Akeno chuckled, flying up into the air. "I'd really rather not be attacked by anything else today if possible."

"Tell me about it," Harry sighed, wondering how things were going back in their world.

*****

"Ow, ow, ow, ow," Asia whimpered, rubbing her head as she healed the limited damage she'd taken.

Praying as a devil gave one a headache, and most new devils quickly learned not to bother. Because of this, no one else had ever learned that continuing to pray caused blood to drip from your nose and eventually your eyes, something that Sirius had interrupted her more than once to express his concern over.

"Are you sure you're alright?" the older man asked, and she nodded, feeling the pain disappear as her powers did their trick.

"I'm fine," Asia sighed. "Thank you for helping with this."

"Did you get anything out of it at least?" Sirius asked as he carefully stuffed the rosary he'd popped into France to buy for her into the felt bag it came with.

"No," Asia sighed. "I thought maybe if I prayed the rosary, endured the pain of going through the Glorious Mysteries, even needing to use someone else's hands to move through the beads that maybe the show devotion would get me some sign. The lord went silent to me long before I became a devil, though, and that clearly hasn't changed."

She'd realized the day after she did it that she'd made an impulsive decision in becoming a devil. Overwhelmed by the months of abandonment and betrayal she'd endured and broken down by the sheer horror of Father Sellzen's confession, she'd seen Rias' offer and Harry's assurance that she'd not regret it as a lifeline and seized it. It was a decision that she couldn't take back, and she didn't regret it, per se, but she had hoped to get some sign from the Lord of what he thought of her in the aftermath of it.

"I just want to be a good person," Asia muttered, pulling her knees up towards her head and hugging her legs. "All I've ever wanted was to help people, and I just don't know why that got me in so much trouble."

"You are a good person, Asia," Sirius sighed as he put the rosary away, "and you've been able to help people just fine even after becoming a devil."

"I know that but...I just don't understand why it came to this," Asia said. "My troubles all started because I healed a devil. I didn't even know he was one, and that was enough to condemn me, but I've met so many devils here that are wonderful people. How can healing them be wrong?"

"It isn't," Sirius said simply.

"The Lord thinks it is, or so the church says," Asia sighed. "If devils were all evil like the fallen angels and Father Sellzen were, I could understand that condemnation, but if they're not evil, healing them can't be evil; helping them can't be evil. I'm just so confused."

"I think you're over-complicating things," Sirius said. "I can't claim to be an expert about your religion; I don't think I understood more than half of the words you just said…"

"It was in Latin," Asia murmured.

"But I do understand what it's like to be around people with very strong ideas about what's right and what's wrong and to disagree with them," Sirius continued. "I don't think my parents agreed with a single decision I made in life after I went to Hogwarts the first time. They had their views, and as I developed mine, I found that they had almost nothing in common with theirs. We quarreled a lot, and up to the end, we never saw eye to eye."

"I'm not sure where you're going with this," Asia said, furrowing her brow.

"My point is that I found people who I actually had more in common with than my family, and they became my new family," Sirius replied. "If this deity of yours doesn't agree with who you've become or how you've chosen to go about helping people as you so wish to, you are no more bound to change yourself for him than I was to change myself for my parents."

"You really don't understand religion, but I get what you mean," Asia said. "I just don't understand what I did wrong, and no one's been able to explain. No one from the church would even speak to me; the less said about the Fallen, the better, and God…"

She sighed, wincing at the momentary headache she developed.

"When's the last time you heard from him?" Sirius asked, and she grimaced. "Have you ever heard from him?"

"His will comes not in words but in signs," Asia replied. "I thought my powers were a sign, a sign of what I was meant to do in life. That went so wrong, though."

"Well, if you never hear from him, how do you know this isn't what he wanted of you?" Sirius asked, and she blinked at him in confusion. "No, I'm serious. If he gave you these powers and they led you here, maybe this is what he had in mind all along. Seems convoluted to the point of silliness to me, but…"

"Maybe it is," Asia breathed, standing up and clasping her hands together as she felt a spike of excitement go through her body. "Maybe this has all been his plan after all!"

"If it is, the best thing you could do is embrace it," Sirius murmured, smiling as she started pacing back and forth, clearly lost in thought. "Seems like total bunk to me, but if it makes her happy..."

"I'm back!" Gasper announced, sounding exhausted, and Sirius turned to look as the young vampire practically limped inside.

"Gasper, are you okay?" Asia asked. "Do you need healing?"

"I need a nap," Gasper muttered. "Sona's a harsher taskmaster than Rias; that's for sure. Has there been any sign from them yet?"

"They've only been gone for a day and a half so far," Sirius chuckled. "I can have the automatons bring you something to eat."

"Maybe later," Gasper yawned. "Right now, I just need sleep."

He trudged upstairs at that, seeking the familiar comfort of his box, and Sirius, seeing Asia looking better, decided to go make some tea, pausing when he ran into Gnarl, who was seemingly engrossed in what turned out to be a biography of some muggle man.

"What are you reading?" he asked.

"Hmm? Oh, Sirius," Gnarl grinned. "This is the most fascinating story. This man came from nothing, had no particular intellectual capabilities, wasn't a warrior of any sort, and yet he became fantastically rich because he could throw a ball really well."

"I know the muggles have their sports," Sirius nodded. "We're much the same with how much Quidditch players can make."

"Oh, I'm sure," Gnarl murmured. "It just occurred to me that this sort of success is something that the average man would pay anything for, anything at all. It might be a potential avenue for the Dark One to explore where contract-making is concerned. I know they're not actually allowed to take souls, but I imagine that anything else would be a perfectly reasonable ask."

Sirius chuckled at that and made his way into the kitchen, amused by just how much Gnarl had thrown himself into trying to help Hermione make the most of her devilry.

*****

"Achoo!" Hermione sneezed. "Sorry, I think something blew in through the window. As I was saying, it's uncanny."

"It really is," Maria murmured, looking back and forth between Rias and Maria. "Where exactly are you all from? I know you said another world, but…"

"We're from another Earth," Hermione replied, and both Maria and Mio just blinked at her.

"What?" they asked in unison, stunned.

"It's true," Harry replied. "The world we're from is just like this one, right down to the countries seemingly all being the same, but it's not this world."

"How is that possible?" Mio breathed.

"We have no idea," Rias replied. "The two Earths aren't entirely the same, as at least some of the small towns are different."

"No, I mean, how could there be other copies of Earth out there?" Mio asked.

"Yeah, where did you come from?" Maria asked, still deeply confused.

"There are whole other universes out there," Harry replied. "Some are quite different from this one, while others seem to be bizarrely similar. The biggest difference we've found here so far is that there's a town in our version of Japan that..."

"That town you said you were looking for," Maria breathed.

"Did you find Kuoh?" Luna asked.

"No," Harry replied, shaking his head. "The whole region is just forest."

"That is so bizarre," Fleur muttered, furrowing her brow. "Now I need to see the land where Beauxbatons stands in our world. Who knows what might be there here?"

"How did you get here?" Maria asked.

"We found a way to open portals between worlds," Harry replied evasively.

"This way to open portals; could anyone learn it?" Maria asked.

"No, they couldn't," Harry replied. "Why?"

"Maria?" Mio asked.

"We need to get away from the demon lord's forces," Maria breathed, "at least until you've managed to master Wilbert's power. If we could escape to a whole other world for a while…"

"That's the second time you've mentioned the name Wilbert," Harry said. "Who is he?"

"Was," Maria corrected him. "He was the old demon lord before he was overthrown and replaced. He was also Mio's father."

"Oh, I'm so sorry," Luna said softly, and Maria swallowed thickly, giving her a sad smile. She might not have known Wilbert, but she'd known recent losses anyway.

"So the one who overthrew your father is trying to kill you so, doesn't have to suffer a rival," Hermione guessed.

"Or is he trying to marry you?" Koneko asked, recalling the stories Ciri had told them.

"It's a little more complicated than that," Maria replied before Mio could. "Wilbert's power is in Mio, and that's what the Demon Lord seeks, both because if he could take it, it would make him nigh-invincible and because it's a threat to him."

"I'm guessing you can't use it," Kiba piped up, and Mio scowled.

"Until recently I didn't even know about any of this," she hissed. "I was raised in the human world by...I had no idea that Wilbert was my biological father, or that I was a demon or anything like this, and now…"

"Now you're being hunted by dickheads and have no idea how you're going to survive," Koneko said flatly. "We can relate to that, trust me."

"Could you help us?" Maria asked. "We don't need lodging or anything like that, but if we could go to your world for a while and if you could bring us back here when we're powerful enough to take on our enemies…"

"Maria, are you serious?" Mio asked, sounding aghast.

"Mio, it's perfect!" Maria exclaimed. "An identical Earth, or near-identical, but one that the demons can't reach us in? We could go there, follow our original plan, train until you figure out how to use all of the power inside you, and then come back here and avenge your parents. It's perfect!"

"Parents?" Harry asked, and Mio looked down at her feet.

"Like I said, I didn't know that Wilbert was my father and the people who raised me, my parents in every real sense...they didn't survive the demons' first attack," she said, her eyes growing wet.

"I found her in time to get her out of there, but I arrived too late to save anyone else," Maria sighed.

"I'm so sorry," Harry murmured as Luna hugged Mio.

"Speaking as an orphan, I swear the pain becomes less all-consuming over time," the blonde said.

"She's right," Hermione added.

"Wait, you're also an orphan? Who else is here?" Maria asked. When almost all of them signaled that they were, she asked. "Did you all meet at a support group?"

"No, that's the weird part," Harry said. "My parents were murdered when I was a baby."

"Mine were murdered last year," Hermione added.

"Mummy died when I was a girl, and Daddy was killed with Hermione's parents," Luna said.

"Someone tried to kill my papa, but we stopped them," Fleur said.

"I never knew my parents," Kiba sighed.

"Suffice it to say we can pretty much all understand your pain," Koneko said, "save for Rias, who just seems to be a magnet for people in fucked-up situations."

"Increasingly seems that way," Rias murmured, shaking her head.

"We don't have anything to pay you with, but I swear we just need a ride there and back," Maria said. Looking up at Harry and biting her lower lip, she added, "And I'm sure we could...work something out."

"What was your original plan?" Hermione asked. "You said you'd go with your original plan once you got to our world."

"We were going to find a human family and charm them into thinking we were part of it," Maria replied, "either that or convince some single older guy that he was engaged to 'our mother' so we could lie low with him."

"You'd have endangered a human family?" Hermione asked, her eyes narrowing, and Maria bristled.

"It's not like we were overflowing with great options," the succubus hissed. "Before we met you all, we were screwed, and now we might actually have a good chance to get away from the monsters trying to kill us. Please, I swear I'll work out some way to pay you. Hell, if Mio manages to defeat the demon lord and replace him, we'd have a greater fortune than you can imagine to pay you with."

"Keep in mind they are devils, and I doubt their devil realm is less rich than the demon realm," Mio pointed out.

"Whose side are you on?" Maria hissed.

"Look, we'll need to go discuss this and then we'll get back to you," Harry said. "Stay here, and if anything happens, shout. We'll be able to hear you and rush over."

He gestured for the others to come close and then opened a magic circle around them, teleporting them over to Ciri's room, where Akeno immediately stood up and cocked an eyebrow at them.

"So how interesting are they?" she asked.

"Very," Rias replied.

"They're in a really bad spot, and we could help them with ease," Fleur murmured. "What's there to discuss?"

"I can't even really hold what they were planning to do against them, desperate as they clearly are," Hermione said.

"We're offering to let them stay at the Rookery, right?" Luna asked. "We have room."

"I would like to test myself against Maria," Koneko grinned. "She feels strong, way stronger than she looks."

"She couldn't possibly look less strong, but I get what you mean," Kiba chuckled.

"Did any of you manage to sense the apparent power in Mio?" Harry asked. "She did hit one of those shadow figures with a fireball, so I knew she wasn't defenseless, but I also really don't get the feel that she's got the sort of potential that Maria figured."

"Those two are different from the devils of our world, so we might be misreading her, and speaking of reading, there's one part of this world that's far more interesting than anything else," Rias grinned. "I think the scroll with the ritual for the master-servant pact came from here."

"Seriously?" Fleur asked. "What makes you say that?"

"I found other scrolls written in that odd language, and one of them mentioned a place called the demon realm ruled over by a demon lord," Rias replied. "They're rather generic terms, I'll grant you, but it's a possibility and one I'd like to question Maria about."

"So we're decided, then?" Harry asked. "We're helping them?"

"It would be the right thing to do; it won't exactly cost us anything, and we could stand to benefit greatly," Rias shrugged.

"Good," Harry sighed. "I thought I might need to convince you. Maria might be able to teach me about being an incubus, and that's a potential opportunity I can't afford to let slip through my grasp. Actual hands-on education could be useful in a way that having Leviathan's voice in my ear isn't."

"How 'ands-on are you hoping those lessons will get, 'Arry?" Fleur asked teasingly, and he chuckled.

"She is cute, admittedly, but I really am looking to improve as an incubus," Harry replied. "My overall goal of forcing Rizevim to hand over my mother's soul remains, and my path to greater power will likely involve leaning into what I am. Leviathan thinks so anyway and has been just waiting for me to develop more, something she'd been annoyingly mum on the subject of."

"Alright, then we can…" Rias went to say when Ciri gasped and sat up.

"Ciri!" they all exclaimed as the ashen-haired woman desperately grasped around her abdomen where that demonic creature had gored her.

"You're alright," Rias assured her, and she sighed.

"Thank goodness," Ciri said before looking around in confusion. "Where are we?"

"You took a bit of a wrong turn trying to lead us back home," Akeno replied.

"I'll go tell Mio and Maria the good news," Harry murmured, leaving the room and making his way next door.

They had kept Ciri's location from them when they arrived, really not wanting anyone to go near her until she woke up, and while teleporting over had been overkill, after the day they'd had, it didn't seem possible to be overcautious. Now, though, they were fine, and as he opened the door to the other room and saw them standing around, looking nervous, he couldn't help but smile.

"We've agreed to bring you to our world but on one condition," Harry replied.

"Name it," Mio breathed.

"Anal?" Maria asked, sighing when, while Mio gaped at her and blushed, Harry didn't react. "Man, you're downright unflappable, huh?"

"Spend enough time around Luna and Akeno and you'll learn why," Harry replied. "I am an incubus, as you guessed, but I wasn't born as one. The process by which I became what I am was complicated, and explaining it would take time, but suffice it to say, it's new to me, and, to make things worse, I'm the first incubus or succubus to exist in my world in generations."

"So you have no one to teach you the ropes," Maria nodded, guessing where he was going with that.

"Almost," Harry replied. "The tower we all live in is huge, and you two could stay there for the duration of your trip to our world, and all I want in exchange for helping you is your help in mastering my abilities."

"So long as you realize that our abilities might not be the same," Maria said, and he nodded.

"I understand that, but I do want to try," Harry replied. "Do we have a deal?"

"Yeah, we have a deal," Maria replied as Mio nodded.

"I can't believe we might actually be safe again," the redhead sighed. "I was starting to think this was just going to be the rest of my life, short as it seemed that would be."

"Hey, I was protecting you!" Maria exclaimed, sounding offended, and Mio winced.

"I know, but...you had to save me every time they attacked; they only needed to get by you once," she said. "I'm just relieved, is all."

"We'll pay them back, Mio," Maria breathed, hugging the other girl. "Once we're strong enough, I swear, we'll come back and make them pay."

"We might be able to help with your training too," Harry said, and they both gave him looks of clear interest.

"So how do you open these portals?" Maria asked.

"I don't," Harry replied. "Come and I'll introduce you to the one who does."

They followed him outside, and he led them to the next room, where Ciri was stretching in every direction, making sure that she didn't have any lingering soreness.

"I really thought I was fucked there," she muttered. "Thank you, Rias."

"I did have to make you a member of my peerage to do it," Rias replied, and Ciri sighed.

"I was likely going to ask to join you anyway," she replied, turning and cocking an eyebrow at Harry and the others. "So these are the runaways you found while I was out of it?"

"Ciri, these are Mio and Maria," Harry replied. "Mio, Maria, this is Ciri."

"So you're the one who figured out how to open portals to other worlds?" Mio asked.

"Well, it's something I can do," Ciri replied.

"It's in her blood," Hermione explained, "something that only she and people related to her can."

"And even then, not everyone related to me," Ciri added.

"Oh, that's even better than I thought!" Maria exclaimed. "No one will be able to follow us where we're going."

"It's not like I have anything left to keep me here," Mio sighed.

"You have me," Maria said softly, taking her hand and staring up into her eyes, her own purple orbs shimmering with raw emotion. "I meant what I promised that night; no matter what, I'm on your side."

"Thank you," Mio whimpered, hugging her tightly.

"So has anyone commented yet on how much Mio here looks like Rias?" Ciri asked quietly. "I mean, the hair, the face, even her figure…"

"Fuck, I actually didn't notice that earlier," Harry thought to himself as Mio turned around and he finally realized just how curvaceous she was, her large, full breasts, so much like Rias', straining against her shirt. "That's how you know it's been a very long, very tough day."

"It is odd, considering we come from different worlds, but yeah, we are pretty similar," the short redhead said. "Perhaps it was fate."

"Perhaps," Rias smiled. "Now, Ciri, if you'd be so kind…"

"I suppose it would be prudent to get back home quickly," Harry murmured.

"We can return and check out the Britain and France of this world another time," Fleur said.

"Listen, I'm going to need a minute to get a sense for what I'm doing again," Ciri replied. "I feel...different in ways I didn't expect."

"What do you mean?" Akeno asked, looking concerned.

"The devil transformation should have enhanced your powers," Fleur said, "or at least your control of them. That's what happened to me."

"I guess it kind of feels like it has," Ciri murmured, holding her hands out in front of her and opening a portal. "I'm brimming with energy in a way I've never felt before, but I think all that's changed is that I can feel it now. I feel like my entire body is practically vibrating with power, and it's just making it a little harder to concentrate than before. I'll figure it out, I swear, but I should probably take a minute to get a sense of how my power is responding to my will. None of us want to end up in the wrong world again."

"So long as it isn't that damn doomed world," Hermione shuddered.

"There could be even worse ones out there," Harry pointed out. "I think it might be wise to put a hold on further extradimensional travel until at least one of us is strong enough to spar with Sirzechs or Ajuka and not get crushed instantly."

"I agree," Rias sighed. "We were woefully unprepared for the sort of dangers we encountered."

"What dangers did you encounter?" Maria asked.

"Horrors that made the things that were hunting you seem pleasant," Akeno muttered. "Needless to say, we're not going back to that universe...ever."

"Agreed," Fleur said.

"Yeah, it was really, really bad," Luna sighed.

"Alright, I think I've got a feel for your world again," Ciri murmured. "Shall we?"

"Let's go home," Harry nodded.

They all made their way through the portal, hoping to see either the Rookery itself or, at the very least, Kuoh, only to blanch as they found themselves in the middle of the woods and standing in the path of a massive creature that growled at the sight of them. It was a huge beast, standing on all fours and covered in thick brown fur. Its head was monstrous and bestial, with three eyes, large, razor-sharp teeth, and twin antlers sticking out.

"Oh, shit," Ciri muttered, reaching for her blade, only to freeze as the fiend was hit by a massive ball of crimson and black energy that atomized it instantly. She looked sheepishly at Rias, who just cocked an eyebrow at her, and she said, "I guess as I tried thinking about your homeworld, my mind went to mine instead."

"This is your world?" Luna asked softly. "Was that creature any friendlier than it looked by chance?"

"No, it wasn't," Ciri replied flatly, trying not to chuckle at the horrified look on Mio's face. "Let's try this again."

"Um, you guys are going to reach your world, right?" Maria asked, and Harry sighed.

"I certainly hope so," he murmured as Ciri opened another portal.

They stepped through it and immediately went still as they saw what looked like a parody of urban sprawl. There wasn't a single plant in sight amidst the massive, sprawling metal buildings around them, and even the very ground below them looked to have been paved over with steel. The air was toxic, a thick smog covering everything, and they all started coughing as it filled their lungs. Bubblehead charms took care of that, yet as Harry finished casting them on all of them, he got the strangest sense that he was suddenly being watched and froze as a power greater and more terrible than anything he'd ever felt before bore down on him.

"Well, well, well," a reed-thin voice, suffused with malice, said, "what have we here?"

The words echoed through Harry's head, feeling like they'd been amplified a thousandfold, and he desperately used everything he knew of occlumency to keep the unfathomably powerful entity away from him.

"You're not from here, little psyker," the entity crowed. "What delightful change will you bring to this galaxy?"

"CIRI!" Rias screamed, and the ashen-haired woman opened another portal, through which they all jumped.

Deep in the Realm of Chaos, Tzeentch hissed as he felt the strange outsiders slip away from him, being unable to get a sense of where they'd gone or where they'd come from. He tried for a moment to track them down and, when that failed, shrugged and returned to his endless plotting.

Meanwhile, in the Rookery, ten very freaked-out young creatures of sin stumbled through a portal and fell in a heap.

"Oh, thank goodness," Hermione breathed.

"I might just stay in this tower for the next week straight," Koneko muttered as she pushed herself up.

"Where even was that?" Akeno asked, looking at Ciri, who scowled.

"I have no bloody idea," the ashen-haired beauty hissed. "I tried to reach out to Earth and ended up...there instead."

"I think that place might actually have been worse than the one we went to intentionally," Luna murmured. "Did anyone else feel a presence that made Sirzechs seem weak by comparison?"

"That thing, whatever it was, tried to get into my head," Harry muttered, undoing the bubblehead charms on them. "If we'd not gotten out of there as quickly as we did, I don't know if I'd been able to keep him out for much longer."

"Harry?" Sirius asked, rushing down the stairs. "You're back!"

"Hey, Sirius," Harry sighed, and the older man stopped in his tracks.

"Why do you all look like you just came back from the front lines of a war?" he asked. "And who are you two?"

"Sirius, these are Mio and Maria...I didn't actually ask your last names," Harry replied.

"Naruse," Mio replied.

"You speak Japanese?" Sirius asked, blinking in confusion. "I'd have thought…"

"They are from another world, but that one seemed to have the same languages as ours," Harry explained. "Your guess is as good as mine."

"You may as well use Naruse for me as well," Maria murmured, eyeing the older man curiously. "Demons of our realm tend not to bother with surnames in the way humans do, and I'm illegitimate anyway."

"Well, girls, this is Sirius, my godfather," Harry replied. "As for why we look the way we do, Sirius, let's just say the trip ended up being more eventful than we expected."

"We're safe, though," Luna added.

"Thank goodness we got what we wanted," Akeno sighed. "I would not want to return to that universe."

"We wouldn't have either way, but, yeah, we did get lucky," Rias replied, looking to Harry, who pulled the argent power cells out of his mokeskin pouch.

"What in the world are those?" Maria asked, sensing the sheer demonic power coming from them.

"Precious," Harry replied as he shoved them back in his pouch. "I'm going to go store these away, and then I think I'm going to lie down for a while."

"That sounds like a great idea," Hermione muttered as the others all nodded.

"I'll show you two to your rooms," Rias said, smiling at Mio and Maria, who were looking around the anteroom with great interest.

"Thank you, Rias," the other redhead smiled. "I really can't thank you enough for agreeing to help us."

"You're quite welcome," Rias murmured, looking out the window and noticing how dark the sky was. "How were Asia and Gasper?"

"Good," Sirius replied. "They both tired themselves out today and went to bed early, but they were fine. You were gone for less than two days."

"Well, even with the numerous complications we ran into, it didn't take us very long to find what we were looking for and get back," Rias replied. "I definitely feel like I haven't slept in a day, though."

"I'm honestly surprised none of us crashed back at that hotel," Hermione murmured. "I guess we were all still too wired."

"Ah, Dark One, you're back," Gnarl tittered as he walked inside, and Mio yelped, jumping back at the sight of him. "Well, hello, there. You do have a habit of collecting fine-looking wenches, ma'am."

"Gnarl, not now," Hermione sighed. "Mio, Maria, this is Gnarl, one of the many minions you'll find around the tower. They won't hurt you, but I'd suggest avoiding them for the most part. I'm going to slip in a warm tub and try not to drown."

"I'll join you," Luna said, following her upstairs.

"You guys really did go on quite the adventure just before we met, didn't you?" Maria asked, and Rias just chuckled, shaking her head.

"You have no idea," she sighed. "Come, the rooms should be fine as is, but if they need any additional cleaning, the automatons will take care of it."

"Automatons?" Mio asked as she followed them upstairs.

"So, am I nuts, or does that redhead look…" Sirius went to ask, and Fleur chuckled.

"A lot like Rias?" she asked. "Yeah, we noticed."

*****

None of them woke the next day until close to noon, and as they all piled into the dining room for brunch, Rias was the first to notice that she couldn't sense Harry in the tower.

"Where are you?" she asked across their mental link.

"Taking care of an errand," Harry replied. "I'll be back soon."

She cocked an eyebrow at that, wondering why exactly he was being vague, but shrugged and returned to her croissant.

"I must say, the automatons have finally gotten the finer points of French cooking down," Fleur sighed happily.

"Their capacity for learning is genuinely impressive," Hermione murmured.

"Are they just normal for this world?" Mio asked.

"No, they're not," Rias chuckled. "My father built the factory they're made in using designs we managed to get him from a magic room capable of recreating lost texts."

"They've been sold as replacements for house elves, a sapient servant race that the wizards and witches of this world used as slaves before we freed them," Hermione replied. "The minions downstairs are what they turned back into after we freed them."

"Why in the world did that happen?" Maria asked.

"It's a long, very annoying story," Hermione sighed. "What's Harry doing? I know he isn't here."

"He said something about popping over to Scotland to run an errand," Sirius said as he walked by. "You all look better."

"Amazing what a good night's sleep can do," Akeno sighed, smiling as she spotted Asia.

"I know Rias already said no, but do any of you have injuries to tend to?" the blonde asked, and they all shook their heads.

"Asia, have you met Maria and Mio yet?" Luna asked.

"I did this morning," Asia smiled, sitting down and helping herself to a pastry.

"How did you two sleep?" Fleur asked, and Mio sighed happily.

"Better than I have in months," the redhead replied. "I can't believe we're actually beyond the reach of the demons."

"I wouldn't believe it myself if we hadn't had so much trouble getting back here even with Ciri's powers," Maria murmured, and the ashen-haired girl scowled down at her omelet.

"Hey, you got us back eventually, and no one got hurt after we left that terrible other Earth," Luna smiled, rubbing her arm, and Ciri sighed.

"I'm just annoyed that even becoming a devil didn't give me any greater mastery over my powers," the princess muttered.

"It might still, in time," Rias assured her. "You've been a devil for less than a day and have spent most of the time since you transformed sleeping."

"The demonic power you'll be able to use now responds to your will in a way that even the magic we used as mortals didn't," Fleur said. "Once you get a better feel for it, I'm sure it will help. Now, given that you two don't have any clothes beyond what you're wearing, and it is, blessedly, the weekend, we should go shopping later."

"We don't have any money either, though," Mio said, and Fleur shrugged.

"We're rich, and you're our guests," the Veela replied simply.

"If you want to repay us for it, there is one thing you could help me with," Rias grinned. "Have either of you ever heard of something called a Master-Servant Contract?"

"What?" Mio asked as Maria's eyes went wide.

"How do you...you have those too?" she asked, and Rias' grin widened.

"We didn't, but we managed to get our hands on a scroll from your world, not that we knew that at the time," the redhead said.

"So we actually did manage to, at complete random, stumble into a world that we already had some familiarity with," Kiba piped up. "What are the chances of that?"

"Actually, that might explain how we ended up in that world in the first place," Ciri said. "I had nearly been killed when I opened that portal and was unable to focus on anything, but I still managed to open a portal to an Earth almost identical to your own and one from which you had already taken magic you've used extensively. Perhaps that's why I got them mixed up in the state I was in."

"You've used it?" Maria asked before grinning. "Oh, you bound yourselves to the incubus, didn't you? The punishments involved must be delightfully naughty."

"Not in front of me, please," Sirius sighed, and Maria just winked at him impishly, only to cry out as Mio slapped her upside the head.

"Will you behave?" she muttered, and the succubus pouted at her.

"So what's on the agenda for today?" Akeno asked Rias, who smiled.

"I need to meet with my parents and, if possible, Sirzechs, and let them know that we were successful in our objective," Rias replied. "I'll also be letting them know in no uncertain terms that we aren't doing anymore traveling between worlds until we're much, much stronger."

"It was, in hindsight, arrogant of us to assume that other worlds would be less dangerous than our own," Kiba said, and Rias sighed.

"You're not wrong," she grumbled. "We also need to put together our plan for creating the Stone. I hadn't given it much thought, figuring there was little point unless I managed to get my hands on the quintessence, but now…"

"Actually, I already have you covered there," Harry said, grinning as he appeared with a very special, bound and gagged delivery behind him, one that made every single one of them look at him slack-jawed.

"You!" Sirius snarled, glaring down at the unconscious form of Peter Pettigrew.

"Um, Harry?" Hermione asked, and Harry just grinned.

*****

Azkaban Prison was almost certainly less dreary and dismal than it had been before Sirzechs wiped out the dementors, but it was still a miserable, maudlin place. Dark stone towers jutted up out of the tiny island, visibly worn by years of waves splashing up against them, as though the sea thought it was an eyesore to be removed. Harry knew that, with magic, it could be preserved anyway, which meant that they'd either let it be slightly eroded over the centuries, or they intentionally transfigured it to look that way to add to the overall aesthetic.

Either option was funny, in his opinion, and as he descended to the ground just outside the castle's walls, completely invisible and silent, he looked up at it and started casting every detection charm he knew to see just how much the wards had been upgraded since Voldemort broke his most devoted and insane followers out the year before.

"For fuck's sake," Harry thought to himself as he saw the state of the wards. They were strong, undeniably so, but there was nothing there that Voldemort hadn't expected to find, which either meant he'd overestimated the wards or, worse, the ministry didn't see fit to upgrade them at all despite having lost the dementors and suffered a massive breakout less than a year earlier.

"Morons," he mumbled under his breath as he teleported himself further in, using the memory of the place he'd taken from Sirius one of the few times they'd discussed it.

"Merlin's beard, I can't wait for my shift here to be over," he heard one guards to another as he flew through the main hall.

"You're going next week, right?" the other one asked, and he nodded.

"Three bloody months done," the first guard sighed. "I'm telling you, Frank, the place might not be as bad as it used to be, when the dementors were here, but it's still depressing as all hell."

"And they need us here more because we don't have those things anymore," Frank muttered. "Did they really all join You-Know-Who?"

"They were with him when he hit Hogwarts," The other guard nodded. "That's why Dumbledore ended up destroying them all."

"Fuck me," Frank sighed. "Johnny, can you believe we used to attend a school run by a guy that powerful?"

"Makes us all look like idiots for ever causing any trouble," Johnny chuckled.

"So that's what Dumbledore told the ministry," Harry thought to himself. "I did wonder, to be honest."

Taking advantage of the guards' distraction, he subtly looked into Frank's mind, looking for the location of Pettigrew's cell, and he grinned when he found it. Leaving the two men behind, he flew to the nearest stairwell and soared up to the top floor. It turned out that the layout of the place was one of the few things that had changed in the absence of the dementors, as they no longer felt the need to reserve the cells that those monsters spent the most time around for the very worst of them. A bunch of prisoners had been moved up there after they got everything back in order, the rat among them, and as Harry found his cell, he almost laughed at seeing who was in the cell next to his.

"It was nice being back in Hogwarts again, I have to admit," Peter said. "I explored a little, had my fill of food, and had very few dangers to worry about. Honestly, those were some of the best years of my life."

"You actually obliviated a student while you were there?" Rita Skeeter asked, and Harry could practically hear her grin. "Right under Dumbledore's nose?"

"Dumbledore and the rest of the staff never suspected a thing," Peter chuckled. "Even Remus Lupin, who had known me back in school, didn't suspect anything until Sirius told him the truth."

"Mmm, this is good, this is good," Rita grinned. "Tell me, while you were staying at the Weasleys' home, did you ever happen to see any of the children changing?"

"Why the hell would you ask me that?" Peter asked, sounding suddenly offended. "I'm many things, Skeeter, but I'm no bloody nonce."

"What you are is a man who is going to spend the rest of his days in this wretched place," Rita replied, "one whose reputation couldn't possibly be worse. Your presence in both Hogwarts and the Weasleys' home is an embarrassment for every adult involved, and alongside the stories you gave me about Potter, I intend to publish as much as I can attacking them when I get out of here. Dumbledore protected Potter for his entire life in Britain, and the Weasleys were on very good terms with the little monster for years. I can't get you out of here, but I can get you revenge by getting my own when my sentence ends."

"Lucifer's light, what a spiteful creature she is," Harry thought to himself, already considering the myriad ways he could deal with her too.

"I probably saw Percy and Ron changing multiple times, though I never paid any attention," Peter replied. "I did watch Molly bathe more than once, though."

"It'll have to do," Rita sighed.

"You know, in all these months, I've never thought to ask how you were recording any of this," Peter murmured.

"I have dirt on a woman who owns a pensieve and I can absolutely make use of it when I get out of here," Rita replied. "We're also going to have years more to discuss all of it, so I should remember everything well enough by the time I finally get out of here."

"That's where you're wrong," Harry thought to himself as he stunned them both.

The nearest guard was in the next hallway over, and so Harry knew he had a moment to take care of the two prisoners. His plans had only included Pettigrew originally, as he'd honestly all but forgotten Skeeter, but seeing her again, insofar as he could through the fine mesh walls of her cell, and hearing her plans for when she was released, he found himself conflicted. By the time she got out, she'd have been forgotten by Britain, and her poison pen, which had once been so powerful, would likely not sway the public as it once had.

Still, he didn't like the idea of her lashing out against the Weasleys, who were entirely innocent and not even connected to him anymore, and he had no idea just what the rat had told her. Peering into her mind, he barely resisted sighing at what he saw. Pettigrew had told her that he'd imperioused him to force his confession, which was true, and while he didn't truly have to care about that, given that the man himself was going to die shortly and the British magical government had no power over him anymore, he really didn't like the thought of the man's guilt being called into question at all.

He peered deeper into her mind, trying to see if he could find anything at all to suggest that she could be reasoned with, and all he found was a lifetime of bitterness. Sorted into Slytherin as a girl, Rita had had ambition but limited talent, and, being a late bloomer, she suffered a terribly long awkward phase as a teenager during which she was belittled and made fun of, not unlike how Myrtle Warren had been.

She was a wallflower, invisible and overlooked, and while that infuriated her as a girl, she found it could have its uses too. Her penchant for learning and making use of secrets she learned about other students had started early in her life, and when she became an animagus in her seventh year, the course of her life was set. She'd spent so long taking pleasure in cutting people down that the idea of doing anything else in life was anathema to her, and there was no chance at all that she'd not lash out at him and everyone she thought was connected to him when she got out.

"Killing her just for being a bitter arsehole would be a touch excessive," he thought to himself. "Not to mention that, with Pettigrew slated to die soon, I wouldn't want any of the guards thinking it odd that two people in cells next to each other died young and investigating further. What to do, what to do."

He tapped his chin, keeping his senses open to make sure that none of the guards were coming by to find the two unconscious prisoners, lest they interrupt his work at all. His mind briefly went to Lockhart, his perpetual mindlessness making him uniquely harmless, but he honestly thought death would be a kinder fate. The idea of him did help him recall a spell he'd learned from Voldemort back when he'd forced the horcrux to be his teacher, and he nodded to himself as he decided what to do.

A variation of the memory loss hex that his old nemesis had learned from a dark wizard in Peru, the curse he cast on Rita gave her a sort of very specific dementia. In the coming days, her memories of the past few months, ever since she came to Azkaban, would be eaten away into nothing. He made sure to look through her memories of the place, not wanting to take it so far that she'd forget why she was there, and grinned when he was done. Until he lifted the curse, she would have had no short-term memory at all. Nothing that she experienced would stick in her mind, being removed each night as she slept.

"I'll make a note to lift it when she gets out," he thought to himself, not being cruel enough to leave it for good.

The main point was that she was soon going to forget everything that Pettigrew told her, and when she left Azkaban down the line, she'd have nothing with which to strike against him. Satisfied with what he'd done, he reached into his mokeskin purse and removed the homunculus in Pettigrew's form that he'd created and left in stasis ages ago. He'd given it very limited intelligence, just enough for it to think it was Peter and to eat, shit, and sleep as any man would. He doubted anyone would notice the difference, to be honest, and while Skeeter likely would, compelling the guards to move him to another cell would be easy enough.

With that done, he cast a switching spell, swapping out the homunculus for the real Pettigrew, and, after tying him up and gagging him, conjured a magic circle around them. The pair disappeared at once, reappearing in the dining room of the Rookery.

*****

"Did you have to do this here and now?" Rias asked, giving him a pointed look, and Harry just smiled.

He'd have feared Mio and Maria's reaction to this if he didn't know that they knew they needed Ciri's help to return to their world.

"Who's that guy?" the succubus asked.

"A mass murderer," Harry replied, glaring down at Pettigrew. "He got my parents killed, then killed a dozen random people and framed Sirius here for their murders."

"Oh, so you've been looking for him for a while, I guess," Mio said as Asia looked down at the decrepit-looking man.

"He's in really rough shape," she murmured. "Where did you find him?"

"Prison," Harry replied. "I've transferred him to our custody."

"And how long before the prison guards realize this?" Hermione asked.

"They won't," Harry replied. "I replaced him with a fake that will die of a heart attack in a couple weeks. We need someone for the Stone, and I've not considered anyone else once since we learned about the process."

"What stone?" Maria asked.

"I guess we're just ripping the band-aid off," Fleur sighed. "The reason we went dimension-hopping was because we needed those energy cells you saw earlier to create something called the Philosopher's Stone. It will, if we make it, allow us to create elixirs potentially able to cure and heal people of all manner of ailments, but it comes at a cost."

"You need to sacrifice someone for it," Maria mused. "You're far more fascinating than I thought."

"What?!" Mio exclaimed.

"Do you really need to?" Asia asked.

"It's the only way, and that Stone is the only option we have left to potentially cure Fleur's father," Harry replied. "I know it's unseemly, but this man more than deserves it for his crimes. I wouldn't have targeted an innocent, even with all we hope to do with the Stone. If he was one of the bastards who killed your parents, Mio, would you not see it as worthwhile?"

"I…" Mio trailed off, her lingering pain and fury at the people who tore her life apart welling up.

"When we do go back to our world, it won't be to have a tea party with our enemies, Mio," Maria reminded her coldly. "You have killed before."

"I have," Mio nodded. It had been in self-defense, but still.

"You couldn't have used Raynare?" Asia asked.

"Probably not," Harry replied. "Flamel sacrificed a human, a guilty murderer he found in his time, and I have no idea how much a more powerful being would change the ritual."

"We don't kill the innocent here, but we do condemn the guilty to death now and then, though actually breaking one of them out of prison to handle them ourselves is new," Rias murmured, eyeing Harry as Sirius approached Pettigrew.

"Padfoot," he said warningly.

"Oh, I'm not going to kill the son of a bitch," Sirius muttered. "Azkaban was rough on him, I see. Good."

"Sometimes people simply need killing," Ciri declared. "Locking them away where they could escape and do you more harm is honestly stupid."

"That is, alas, what we're going to be doing for the moment," Harry said, levitating Pettigrew's unconscious form up and making his way across the room. "I'll stick him in the dungeon for now."

"I'll come with you," Rias murmured, following him downstairs. "I'd have suggested waiting until they'd actually gotten to know us to do something like that."

"I could tell that Maria wouldn't care in the slightest, and Mio strikes me as someone in desperate need of hardening," Harry replied. "I was much the same way not that long ago."

"Asia seems to have accepted that we simply kill guilty assholes now and then, which is nice," Rias murmured. "Pettigrew, huh?"

"He's my only living human enemy," Harry said as he opened one of the cell doors and tossed him inside. Transfiguring the door so that Pettigrew wouldn't be able to escape in his rat form, mostly to fuck with him, since he added a few other spells to it to make sure that he'd regret taking that form at all. "I really couldn't think of anyone else whose soul I wanted to rip out for this."

"I didn't have anyone in particular in mind, and you might very well be right about angel souls not working," Rias whispered.

"Thanks to him, my mother's soul needs rescuing," Harry scowled, leaning his head back against her when Rias embraced him from behind and rested hers on his shoulder. "It's fitting, in a way."

"We'll start work on that later today," the redhead murmured. "Do you want to come with me to Castle Gremory?"

"If you want to go by train, we could take Asia and Ciri with us and get that formality over with," Harry suggested, and she took a moment to mull it over.

"Why not?" Rias replied. "I'm sure my parents want to meet Ciri anyway."

"Gah!" Peter exclaimed as he awoke, his eyes going wide with terror as he spotted Harry. "Harry? Where am I? What is this?"

"Prison transfer," the incubus replied with a grin. "Enjoy your new accommodations, Wormtail."

"You...you won't get away with this!" Peter exclaimed, his high-pitched voice utterly fearful. "P...please don't kill me."

"Sleep, Pettigrew," Harry said, waving his hand over at him and casting a powerful sleeping charm. "We'll speak later."

Peter turned into his rat form and tried to scurry off, only to scream in pain as the wards on his cell activated and he was zapped with lightning. It happened again and again, and on the third one he got the idea and returned to his human form just as the sleeping charm started to take effect.

"You'll not...get away…" was all he managed to get out before he fell unconscious again.

"I'll have Akeno make sure that he's kept asleep the whole time," Rias smiled as she followed Harry back upstairs.

"He just blew up a whole street?" Asia asked in horror.

"There were three kids under the age of twelve among the crowd," Sirius scowled. "For twelve years I rotted away for what he did."

"Well, I'd say he deserves what's coming to him," Maria murmured as Mio nodded.

"Do you want us to guard him?" Koneko asked, wanting to test out a few minor spells on the wretched man.

"Akeno, if you could make sure he stays asleep while we're out, I'd appreciate it," Rias replied. "Harry and I are going to Gremory Castle and Ciri, Asia, I want you two to come with us."

"Oh, right, the train," Hermione nodded.

"Train?" Ciri asked.

"The first time new devils enter the Underworld, they're required to do so by the train that leads between the worlds," Luna explained.

"Okay, let me clarify; I was asking what is a train?" Ciri asked, and Mio and Maria both looked at her strangely.

"Her world is a little different from ours," Luna murmured. "Think of it like a bigger version of the cars you've seen on the streets out here only they move on set tracks."

"We can go now if you like," Asia said, standing up. She reached for Harry's hand and leaned in, whispering, "You'd never hurt anyone who hadn't done horrible things, right?"

"Not intentionally," Harry replied, and she smiled, convinced he was being entirely honest there.

"If the lord really did intend for me to go down this path, then it must center around Harry," she thought to herself. "He's the one I met before it all went wrong and found in this place at complete random, and he was the one who saved me. Maybe I'm meant to help him and make sure that he doesn't lose that good in him along the way."

It was a comforting thought, and not just because it meant she had every reason in the world to spend more time with Harry. Speaking of him, he rubbed her palm after a moment and she, realizing that she was still holding his hand, pulled back, blushing hard.

"Oh, I'm going to enjoy corrupting this one," Maria thought to herself, sensing the mountain of desire in the innocent little virgin as well as the reluctance to act on it. She and her half-sister had stumbled across a solution to their most pressing problems, and that would have been good enough on its own, but that solution was proving to be more and more interesting by the moment. She was going to have a lot of fun here, she was sure.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Sanguinis, Markuz Black, KodaJaxxs and 138 others
voivode_writer
Jul 21, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 60 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Aug 4, 2026
New
Add bookmark
#1,184
"Holy shit, this thing's fast!" Ciri exclaimed as she watched the world pass them by through the window of the train.

That earned her a few odd looks, but one glance from Rias was enough to ensure that no one questioned them.

"I should have realized from the stories you told about your world that this would really all be new to you," Asia said, and Ciri smiled, looking at her.

"I'm sure that I would have stumbled across something like this in my travels otherwise, given how every other land we reached was at least at the technological level of this one, but yes, this is entirely new to me," she replied.

"Wait until you see what airplanes are like," Rias chuckled. "They're how non-magical humans fly through the air."

"I'm amazed that that's even possible," Ciri murmured.

"Why would we ever even board another plane again?" Asia asked, sounding confused. "We can fly and teleport."

"I'm aware," Rias chuckled. "The reality is that we probably won't board one on Earth again, but my father was so impressed when he read about the Concorde aircrafts that he had one just like it made years ago. Mother thinks it's a waste of time for obvious reasons, but he takes it up into the air now and then for the novelty, and it is kind of fun."

"What in the world is going on?" Ciri asked in alarm, and Asia gasped as she saw the world around her shift through the window.

"We're traveling to the Underworld," Rias replied. "This train moves through a portal that takes us between it and Earth."

"Oh, wow, this is beautiful," Asia breathed, taking in the myriad bright lights that seemed to illuminate the sky as they passed between worlds.

"That's a portal alright," Ciri muttered. "We only have to do it this way once, right?"

"That's correct," Rias nodded. "It's a requirement for all newly turned devils to enter the Underworld for the first time via the trains."

"It's more a paperwork thing than anything else," Harry explained. "I thought you were enjoying yourself."

"I'm just not the biggest fan of passing through portals that aren't of my own creation," Ciri murmured, and Asia took her hand in hers, giving her a reassuring smile that she returned.

"Welcome to the Underworld," Rias said, and both girls looked out the window again, taking in the sight of the new world under them.

"The sky looks similar, but there really is much less water here," Asia murmured.

"The planet is about as big as Earth, but with so much less of it taken up by water, it seems much bigger," Rias commented.

"With your population being as small as it, the world must seem nearly empty," Ciri said.

"The Fallen Angels live here too, as do myriad other beings," Rias explained. "If it was just us, though, yeah, it would be very sparsely populated."

"That's the capital city, Lilith, down there," Harry said. Pointing out the massive French palace taking up one of the more prominent hills, he added, "That there is Sirzechs' palace."

"It's beautiful," Ciri smiled.

"It looks familiar, but I don't know why," Asia mumbled, furrowing her brow as she tried to think.

"It looks a lot like Versailles," Rias explained, and she snapped her fingers.

"Right, I remember seeing pictures of that once," Asia smiled.

"We'll be arriving soon, and once we've gotten the both of you registered, which should only take a few minutes, then we'll move on to Gremory Castle," Rias declared.

"I must say, this place is beautiful," Ciri murmured mostly to herself as she continued to look out at the city. "Is it the biggest city in the Underworld?"

"It is, though only barely," Rias replied. "Lucifaad, our old capital, is nearly the same size as it, though it remained the larger city for centuries."

"I'm guessing that changed after the civil war?" Ciri whispered, and Rias nodded, smiling as the train came to a halt.

Once again mesmerized by the efficiency of devil bureaucracy, Harry watched as Ciri and Asia were officially registered and then, alongside Rias, teleported the four of them to the grounds of Gremory Castle.

"Wow, this place is bigger than I expected," Asia smiled.

"It's bigger than most of the castles in my world," Ciri said.

"My parents designed it together after my brother accidentally destroyed the old one, and they've been very proud of it ever since," Rias smiled.

"Your brother...oh, right, the Power of Destruction," Ciri nodded. "I guess it was a training accident or something."

"No, they were just late feeding him, and he threw a fit," Rias replied as she led them to the front gates. "I think he was around a month old if I remember correctly. This was centuries before I was born, of course."

Both blondes just blinked at her before shaking their heads and following along. The four of them made their way inside, the guards letting them in without delay, and just as Rias was about to ask one of the servants where her parents were, she heard her father let out a positively evil laugh and decided to follow it. She picked up on her mother's voice a moment later and found the pair of them in the tea room, both looking quite delighted.

"Hah!" Zeoticus exclaimed. "Even the greatest spirit snobs in the human world are admitting it's identical, and with it being sold for half the price, we'll undercut those...Rias."

"Ah, hello, dear," Venelana smiled. "Did you actually go to another world this time, or were there further complications?"

"No, we managed it and were actually very successful," Rias replied. "What are you two so excited about?"

"I found the recipes for green and yellow Chartreuse in the library and started producing it," Zeoticus replied. "I've started selling it throughout the Earth at lower prices than the monks charge for it, and so far, sales seem to be extraordinary. I figure within five years, I'll have completely overtaken the market from them."

"Why?" Asia couldn't help but ask.

"Fun, mostly," Zeoticus replied, eyeing her curiously. "Ah, I'm guessing these are the new members of your peerage, Rias."

"They are," Rias nodded. "Mother, Father, these are Asia and Ciri. Guys, these are my parents, Zeoticus and Venelana Gremory."

"Charmed," Venelana said. "Now, when you say you were successful, Rias…"

"I mean that we have samples of argent energy like what Flamel used back in the fourteenth century and even have a sacrifice lined up for the Philosopher's Stone," Rias replied.

"That's excellent news," Zeoticus smiled. "I'm so proud of you, darling, and you, Harry. You've been a wonderful influence on my little girl."

"Thank you, sir," Harry nodded.

"Will your presence be needed for the ritual to make the Stone?" Venelana asked, looking at him, and he furrowed his brow.

"I want to be there for it," Harry replied. "Why?"

"I've arranged to meet with your old headmaster and I thought bringing you along might be a good idea," Veneelana replied. "I intended to go alone, not knowing when you'd be back, but with you here…"

"Why do you want to meet with Dumbledore?" Rias asked.

"I've heard that Hogwarts has hit a bit of a financial snag and want to offer my assistance," Venelana replied, and her daughter narrowed her eyes at her.

"In exchange for what?" Rias asked, too curious not to.

"I think I've figured out how to move the Room of Requirement from that castle to this one," Venelana replied.

"What?" Harry and Rias asked at once.

"I'm sorry, what's a Room of Requirement?" Ciri asked.

"The room that let us learn that the multiverse exists," Harry replied. "The omnilibary we've told you about came from there."

"Is that even possible?" Rias asked.

"I think it is," Venelana replied. "I've been working since you first brought the library here to figure out how to recreate that room. It seemed like something that would take me years, if not decades to figure out, but then Sirzechs came by a few weeks ago with this diadem he'd forgotten he had and…"

"Ravenclaw's diadem?" Harry asked. "Oh, wow, we completely forgot about that."

"In our defense, we've been nothing but busy since you killed Voldemort," Rias muttered.

"He wanted me to make sure that he hadn't inadvertently damaged the enchantments in any minor ways when he destroyed the soul shard inside it, and so I took a look at it, figuring out what it did in the process," Venelana continued, summoning it from her study. "He wants you to have it, so here you are."

"It's beautiful," Asia breathed. "What does it do?"

"It enhances the intelligence of anyone who wears it," Venelana replied as Rias tried it on, her eyes going wide the moment she felt its effects.

It felt like her brain had been rewired. Her thoughts came faster and more clearly than they ever had before, and she found herself making connections between different concepts that she'd never even considered. With this she could research and strategize far more effectively than she could normally, and as she took it off, there was only one thing on her mind.

"I'm totally wearing this the next time I play chess with Sona," Rias grinned, making her father chuckle and her mother roll her eyes.

"I must point out that would be cheating," Harry drawled, and she just grinned.

"If you're not cheating, you're not trying," Rias replied, handing the diadem to him so he could put it in his mokeskin pouch. "So you were trying to recreate the Room of Requirement."

"And then I figured out a way to just move the damn thing here," Venelana replied. "We've sealed it off so no one else can use it, so why waste effort recreating it when I can just do that instead?"

"There's an animated portrait in it that we'll want to speak with if Dumbledore agrees to your deal," Harry said. "She's the one who made it and might want to be given the choice between staying in the Room or being moved somewhere else inside Hogwarts."

"She was clear about wanting to stay in it before, though that was with the understanding that it would stay inside Hogwarts, given that the alternative seemed impossible until five minutes ago," Rias murmured.

"So, will you come along and introduce us, Harry?" Venelana asked.

"We don't have to make the Stone this minute," Harry replied, and Rias shrugged.

"Harry, could you give Asia and Ciri a tour of the castle?" she asked, and he nodded.

"Come with me," Harry smiled. "This place is incredible."

"It's certainly looked incredible so far," Ciri murmured as Asia nodded in agreement.

He led them out, and Rias sat down across from her parents, who both looked at her curiously.

"I see that Ciri is a devil now," Zeoticus said.

"She is," Rias nodded. "She got disemboweled by a monster in the world we went to, and I had to use two knights to turn her. I suspect that they both mutated, though I'd need Lord Ajuka to tell me for sure."

"She was as powerful as we thought then," Venelana nodded. "I hope you're all unharmed."

"Things got dicey for a while, but we didn't suffer any other casualties," Rias replied. "In her wounded, delirious state, though, Ciri opened a portal to the wrong world, and we spent a little while there while she recovered, and that's where things got really interesting."

"How so?" Zeoticus asked.

"We met a succubus," Rias replied and they both went still.

"There were devils in other worlds?" Venelana asked.

"They don't call themselves that, and I think they're rather different from us," Rias replied. "The succubus, Maria Naruse, feels so much like Harry, though, that the similarities are impossible to ignore. Bizarrely enough, it was the same world that that scroll I gave you came from."

"The first text from another world that we ever looked at," Zeoticus smiled.

"That's quite the coincidence," Venelana commented. "Did you manage to learn anything interesting from this succubus?"

"Not yet, but we likely will," Rias replied. "We brought her with us and the other demon girl she was protecting."

"That tower of yours grows more crowded by the day," Zeoticus chuckled. "This succubus girl, was she born one? She isn't like Harry, I mean."

"No, she's been a succubus all her life from what we've heard," Rias replied. "She should know a great deal more about them than we do and, given that she's flesh and blood…"

"She can give more hands-on instructions than Lady Leviathan can," Zeoticus nodded. "You managed to acquire another possible asset."

"That was Harry's idea, and one I'm glad he talked me into," Rias replied. "The other girl is almost as interesting. She looks a lot like me. Same hair and build, though she's half a foot shorter, and even facially, we look oddly similar."

"A world with devil-like beings who write in a language that looks like Luciferian, and one of them even looks like a Gremory?" Venelana asked incredulously. "I think I'd like to see this odd world for myself someday."

"It's going to be a long time before any of us want to travel between worlds again," Rias muttered, shivering as she recalled what they went through in their little adventure. "They do want to return home after they've grown powerful enough to take on their enemies, though, so you could come along then."

"I'd like to meet them," Zeoticus murmured. "Perhaps while your mother and Harry are in England."

"When is your meeting with Dumbledore?" Rias asked.

"In...half an hour, actually," Venelana replied. "Your timing was impeccable."

"I'll take over for Harry in showing Ciri and Asia around," Rias nodded. "Good luck."

"I rarely need luck when it comes to making deals with mortals anymore, darling," Venelana grinned and her daughter returned the look.

*****

"Harry?" Dumbledore asked in surprise as he spotted him. "This is a surprise."

"A welcome one, I hope," Harry smiled, chuckling as Fawkes immediately appeared on his shoulder in a burst of flame. "Hello there, Fawkes. Albus, allow me to introduce Venelana Gremory, my mother-in-law."

"Your…" Dumbledore went to say, his eyebrows shooting towards his hairline at that. He quickly recovered, saying, "Congratulations, Harry."

"Thank you, sir," Harry smiled

"Albus Dumbledore," Venelana said softly. "Your reputation precedes you."

"Your surname preceded you, my lady," Dumbledore nodded, gesturing for both of them to sit down. "Lemon drop?"

"No, thank you," Venelana replied as Harry shook his head, holding his arm out for Fawkes to jump into and smiling when he did. "You knew my name?"

"Harry introduced that lovely young devil woman who helped him as Rias Gremory when I first saw her, so I assumed you were related," Dumbledore replied.

Harry winced at that, remembering the moment from back in June when he'd inadvertently saved his own life by taking the Elder Wand.

"So, in your letter, you mentioned wanting to make a contribution to Hogwarts," Dumbledore said. "I must admit, at first, I didn't understand why, given that no one from your family has attended in my time here, and then when I remembered why I knew your name, I figured it was an attempt to make a deal."

"Most astute," Venelana smiled.

"What is it you seek?" Dumbledore asked.

"Some months ago, I sealed the Room of Requirement off," Venelana began. "Harry tells me that you're aware of that."

"I am," Dumbledore nodded. "Normally, I'd be more than a little irritated by the idea of someone interfering with Hogwarts without my approval, though given what Harry explained about the Room's capabilities and how I know the average government could react if they learned about it, I understand that it was for the best."

"Indeed," Venelana nodded. "I'd like to go a step further and take it off your hands."

"You can remove it?" Dumbledore asked.

"I can move it to my own castle," Venelana clarified. "There's little point in leaving it here sealed off from the students and staff alike, and so I figured we could help each other out. I understand that you're having financial issues."

"Remus told me about Professor Binns' sudden retirement," Harry said, barely managing to keep the smile off of his face as he remembered how that had happened.

"Yes," Dumbledore sighed, still genuinely irritated by that.

He'd quite liked his old history professor and had been more than happy to keep him on, given that he'd seemed to want to keep teaching. Knowing that he'd disappeared the second the idea of retiring was raised left him wondering if he'd actually wanted to all this time or if he'd simply been tricked by the unexpectedly successful prank. The fact that it also meant he had to find room in the budget for another professor when they were already a little strapped for galleons was also a factor in his lingering vexation at the Weasley twins.

"My offer is this: allow me full access to the corridor that room is in during the Yule break for as long as it takes to remove it, and in exchange, I'll cover your funding discrepancies for the next ten years," Venelana replied. "That should give you more than enough time to find other ways to make up the difference at the end of the term."

"There are students who stay here over that break, though I could easily say that you're a contractor working on some repairs because of the Death Eater attack and that they're to leave you alone," Dumbledore mused, running his hand through his long, white beard. "I must ask, though, not that I'm not happy to see you, Harry, but why did you come along for this?"

"I had my own reason to meet with you and figured this would be as good a time as any," Harry replied, and Venelana gave him a subtle, curious glance. "When I first reached out to you for help with the attempt on Sebastian Delacour's life, I told you about how I'd unintentionally absorbed the Deathly Hallows when I became a devil."

"I remember," Dumbledore nodded. "Honestly, knowing that the Elder Wand can no longer cause trouble is a relief. I had hoped that if I died of natural causes with it still in my possession, no one having taken it from me beforehand, that its power would wane and it wouldn't be a temptation to anyone else."

"I'm afraid that wouldn't have worked," Venelana commented. "That wand was made by the god Hades, and he wouldn't have left such an easy way to remove its power. Most likely, whoever first managed to steal it from your tomb would have become its next master."

"Ah," Dumbledore sighed, shaking his head. "It was just a theory. What does this have to do with your desire to meet with me?"

"I've since learned that when I absorbed them, well, I suppose I can just show you," Harry replied, holding out his hand. "Nicola Flamel."

The specter of the ancient alchemist appeared in the palm of his hand at once, and Dumbledore's jaw dropped.

"Nicolas?" he asked in shock.

"Hello, Brian," Nicolas replied, smiling as he looked at his old student. "I'd have sent a postcard, but the Underworld's post system is dreadful."

"How?" Dumbledore asked.

"Even I'm not entirely sure," Venelana replied. "Harry was bound to the hallows when he became a devil, and when he needed a source of power to complete the transformation, owing to the complications that arose through the process, he reached out to them on instinct. How exactly that worked, none of us have been able to quite figure out."

"I have their powers, though," Harry replied. "I can turn invisible on a whim, I can summon the ghosts of the dead, and...I'm not entirely sure what I got from the wand. My spells are more powerful than they were, though how much of that was the wand and how much was devilry itself, I have no idea."

"Probably an eighty-twenty split at the absolute most for the wand," Venelana mused.

"Genuinely fascinating stuff, this," Nicolas chuckled. "I never would have imagined anyone could just take the hallows' powers for themselves. If this had happened the moment you had them all, I'd have written it off as what that master of death business actually entailed, but it didn't."

"The last time I summoned Nicolas, he suggested that I offer you a chance to summon someone," Harry replied.

"Nick...is she…" Dumbledore tried to ask, his throat growing tight as his eyes became misty.

"She's at peace, old friend," Nicolas assured him. "I think speaking to her would do you a world of good."

"I will need some time to prepare myself for that," Dumbledore admitted, taking a deep breath and letting it go slowly as Fawkes flew onto his desk and started trilling softly.

"About the last time we spoke, Mister Potter…" Nicolas murmured and Harry nodded.

"We're ready," he said. "I'll summon you when it's done."

"Confident," Nicolas grinned. "I look forward to speaking to you again. Brian, it was good seeing you; Perenelle says hello, and please trim that beard."

"I trim it often, as she knows," Dumbledore chuckled, "though that isn't what she means."

"Take care," Nicolas smiled.

"And you," Dumbledore nodded, looking up at Harry as he dismissed Nicolas. "My sister is the one he was referring to, just to sate your curiosity."

"I'm so sorry," he replied softly, and his old headmaster simply smiled slightly.

"Thank you," Dumbledore said, "As for your offer, Lady Gremory, we would need to work out the finer details, of course, but I think letting you take a room no one here uses anymore in exchange for ten years of assistance with our budget would be a very fair trade."

"I hoped you'd see it that way," Venelana replied. "I will need to know exactly what your budget shortfall is for the contract, of course, but we can work out the finer details when you've had time to put the documentation together."

"Actually, I could get you everything you need now if you have a few more minutes to spare," Dumbledore said, and the brunette nodded, smiling at how easy that had been. She hadn't expected difficulty, given that her family had helped the aged wizard and his school out multiple times now, but it was always nice when things went smoothly.

"Harry, we won't need to keep you for this part," Venelana murmured, and he nodded, looking at Dumbledore, who smiled at him.

"I thought the Resurrection Stone was lost forever when you said that you'd absorbed it and really didn't expect to ever have the opportunity you offered me today," he said. "I've wanted to find and use it for decades, but knowing now that I actually could, I…"

"Take as much time as you need," Harry said softly. "Sirius took weeks to work up the nerve to speak to my dad."

"I imagine so," Dumbledore sighed. "I'll contact you soon."

"Tell Rias that I want an update later, provided you're going to attempt it today," Venelana said and Harry nodded as he stood up and opened a summoning circle around him, more than eager to do just that.

*****

"I must say, this tower of yours is lovely," Zeoticus smiled as he looked around the anteroom. "I'd have given you a castle if you'd asked, something along the lines of Himeji, but this is quite nice too. I'm sure it stands out quite a bit in town, of course."

"It does, but the locals have grown used to it," Rias replied. "You remember my favorite castle?"

"I'm your father, sweetie," Zeoticus chuckled. "It's my job to remember things like that."

"This place is awesome," Mio gushed as she walked downstairs with Luna. "It's really been in your family for generations?"

"It has," the blonde smiled. "It was in England back then, but it's where I grew up and…"

"By the Lightbringer," Zeoticus breathed, and Mio froze, her eyes widening as she looked at him.

"Holy crap!" Maria exclaimed, poking her head out from behind Mio. "Is this your father, Rias?"

"He is," Rias replied. "Mio, Maria, I'd like you to meet my father, Zeoticus Gremory. Father, these are the two I told you about."

"Aside from the horns, the resemblance is uncanny," Maria breathed, and Zeoticus just blinked at her.

"Horns?" he asked.

"Mio's father has...had horns," Maria replied. "You look a lot like him."

"Well, you look a lot like my daughter, Mio, so I suppose that makes sense," Zeoticus said. "I understand that the world you come from is quite like our own as well."

"It is," Maria replied, "at least from what I've seen so far. You don't have a demon realm like we do and your Underworld sounds rather different from it, but we demons seem to have much in common with you devils. We can't all fly like you can but aside from that…"

"Indeed," Zeoticus nodded. "I don't suppose you'd be willing to indulge my curiosity a little by chance and perhaps show me what your abilities are like?"

"I'm a succubus, so I will need you to be more specific," Maria smirked, and he chuckled.

"Fair point," Zeoticus nodded, reaching out and opening a summoning circle next to him, out of which popped a pair of automatons. "These delightful creations of mine make fantastic training dummies, as they are incredibly easy to repair. Would you mind sparring with one of them?"

"Sure," Maria shrugged, grinning at the automaton that approached her.

"Dad?" Rias asked, and he silenced her with a smile.

"I just want to test something," Zeoticus murmured, watching as the automaton lunged at Maria.

They weren't built for combat, but they could attack people upon command, audible or magical. The white-haired succubus dodged his clumsy blow with ease, kicking out with her right leg and ducking under it and driving her left fist right into the automaton's chest. It shattered into pieces which flew off in every direction, only to ping harmlessly off of the shield Zeoticus had erected around the area.

"That was easy," Maria said, furrowing her brow at the older man, who simply smiled.

"It wasn't a test of your skills, my dear," Zeoticus replied. "I wanted to get a feel for your magic. You're similar to us, but your demonic power does differ greatly. It's most curious."

"What in the world was...oh, hello, Lord Zeoticus," Hermione said, looking at him curiously as the other automaton started repairing the one Maria had broken.

"You don't need to use my title unless we're at formal functions, Hermione," Zeoticus reminded her. "Not only are you a dear friend of Rias', but your discoveries have greatly benefited my family, and you've earned that right."

"Discoveries?" Mio asked.

"I was the one who figured out how to make this magic room create the library that we learned about the multiverse because of," Hermione replied.

"I came by because Rias told Venelana and me about your adventure and what you found during it," Zeoticus said.

"It's funny that you say my magic feels quite different from yours because Harry's aura is almost eerily similar to mine," Maria commented. "I figured out he was an incubus almost at first glance."

"Well, the incubi and succubi were very much a breed apart before they were wiped out," Zeoticus sighed.

"Wiped out?" Mio asked in concern.

"It was during a war that is all but over by now," Zeoticus replied. "You two aren't in danger here, I assure you."

"Which is a wonderful change of pace," Mio sighed.

"That doesn't mean that we shouldn't still be training," Maria piped up. "The training room is on the main floor, right?"

"Yeah, it's at the end of this hallway here," Luna replied. "I'll show you."

"Uncanny, huh?" Rias whispered as they left, and her father nodded.

"If Sirzechs and Grayfia presented her as theirs, people would question why they hadn't heard of her before now, but they wouldn't question anything else," Zeoticus said. "I trust you've noticed that she has far greater potential than her sister."

"Sister?" Rias asked, and her father nodded.

"Only a half-sister perhaps, but there's definitely a good bit of blood in common there," Zeoticus nodded.

"You can sense when people are related?" Luna asked, surprised.

"Learn to hone your demonic senses, and you'll be able to one day as well," Zeoticus nodded. "Maria's powerful in her own right and would make a good rook, I suspect, but Mio, she's the true potential terror there."

"I just met them and I don't need their abilities for any outstanding goals of mine, so I'll take my time in deciding whether or not to make them that offer, but thank you for letting me know," Rias said. "I hadn't really noticed her potential yet."

"It's significant, I can tell you that much," Zeoticus smiled, returning the automatons to Gremory Castle with a wave of his hand. "I'd love to stay, but I have an experiment I need to check on soon, lest it blow up."

"And we don't want Mother learning about yet another explosion," Rias teased, making him laugh.

"Absolutely not," Zeoticus smiled, hugging her. "I'm so glad that you got through you little adventure unscathed."

"It was a near thing a couple times, but we managed," Rias whispered, hugging him back. "I'll let you know if we manage to successfully create the Stone."

"It's not a short process, so even if we do the sacrifice successfully, it will still be two weeks before we'll know if everything worked," Hermione said.

"Yes, I was reading through Flamel's grimoire the other day," Zeoticus nodded. "I take it that you have a sacrifice lined up?"

"Yes, we do," Harry replied, appearing next to them just as he asked that. "The man who sold my parents out to Voldemort is down in our dungeon."

"Splendid," Zeoticus smiled. "I always say, if you have to sacrifice someone, make sure that it's someone who truly deserves it. It's just rude otherwise."

"It would be rather rude now that I think about it," Luna said sagely, and Hermione barely resisted the urge to bury her face in her hands.

She couldn't exactly say that her morals hadn't changed a great deal in the last year, both before and especially after she became a devil, but there were still moments now and then she was reminded starkly just how much they weren't human.

"Take care, all, and have fun with the ritual," Zeoticus smiled as he disappeared in a red magic circle.

"Fleur went out to find a quartz crystal with the specific dimensions that Flamel recommended and Akeno is down with Pettigrew, keeping him asleep," Hermione said before either of them could ask her. "Sirius is with her, about as eager as you'd expect to see Pettigrew die and the ritual room has been set up to the exact specifications from the grimoire."

"Kiba and Koneko went out earlier to get everything we needed for the couple days we missed from Sona," Luna chimed in.

"Excellent," Rias smiled. "I'm pleased to see that you have everything well in hand."

"How did Ciri and Asia enjoy the rest of their tour?" Harry asked.

"They were as impressed by the castle as you'd expect," Rias replied. "Heinrich had some errands to run in town and offered to show them around Lilith for me, so I expect them to be back in a few more hours."

"Wait, you two got split up?" Hermione asked.

"Venelana had a meeting with Dumbledore, and I tagged along to offer to let him summon someone," Harry replied. "It turns out the woman Flamel mentioned was his sister."

"Oh," Luna said, her eyes dimming.

"What did your mother want with Dumbledore?" Hermione asked.

"She thinks she knows how to transport the Room of Requirement out of Hogwarts and wanted to make a deal with him," Rias replied, chuckling when Hermione's jaw dropped.

As she and Harry filled the other two in on that part of their morning, Fleur returned, looking utterly excited as she held a sizable piece of quartz in her hand. "Is this about the size of what you remember, 'Arry?"

She tossed it to him and he looked down, trying to remember exactly how big the Philosopher's Stone actually was.

"Keep in mind that my hands were a lot smaller back then," Harry chuckled, "but yeah, I think this is about the size it was and it's definitely the right shape."

"And he only theorized that the size and shape of it might have been a minor factor," Hermione added, taking the rough, uncut, grayish crystal from him and examining it closely. "I still can't believe this is going to be able to hold a human soul, even for a little while."

"It is an incredibly fascinating process, if disturbing and more than a little macabre," Fleur murmured. "Is everything ready?"

"The room is set up and we have the crystal, so all that's left is the sacrifice," Harry nodded, walking over to the door to the dungeon and poking his head in. "Akeno, Sirius, could you bring the rat upstairs?"

"Just give me a second, Harry," Akeno replied, and they all made their way to the ritual room.

The black room looked much like it usually did, almost unnaturally dark and perfectly square, yet there were a few obvious changes as well. Alongside the meticulously drawn ritual circle in the center, which had already been fully charged with magic, a stone alter had been moved into the center of it, having been pre-carved to Flamel's specifications weeks ago in anticipation.

"Carving all these runes into stone was one of the mind-numbing things I've ever had to do," Hermione muttered, running a finger over one of the Jera runes she'd carved and empowered.

"Is the alter reusable at least?" Luna asked, and she shook her head.

"No, for reasons that you'll see soon enough," Hermione sighed. "Even if we had other sacrifices lined up, I'd really, really want this to work."

"This part of the process is simple enough," Harry assured her, "and we have clear instructions for the rest of it too."

Hermione nodded at that and was about to say something else when Akeno and Sirius walked in, the former levitating Pettigrew's prone form behind her. Knowing that outside magic could mess up rituals, she let him drop before crossing the threshold and dragged him through, smirking when he woke up immediately.

"What the...no!" Pettigrew cried, his voice squeaking as he looked around in terror. "Ha...Harry? Sirius?"

"Hello, Peter," Harry said, grinning when he felt Pettigrew try to take his rat form, only for the transformation to be blocked. "I'm afraid that Wormtail won't be joining us today. Ritual room and all."

"Please don't do this," Peter whimpered. "This isn't what your parents would have wanted you to…"

"How dare you speak of them?!" Sirius roared and Pettigrew yelped, jumping back into Rias, who casually backhanded him across the room.

"Lucifer's light, you're repulsive," the redhead spat. "The Nigredo phase of all this might take longer than we expect, given what a tainted, oily soul we're dealing with here."

"Flamel used the soul of a mass murderer who deliberately killed far more times than Pettigrew here, and it worked out for him, so it should be fine," Fleur said. "He is absolutely gross, though."

"Why?" Pettigrew asked as he rubbed his head, trying to make the dark room stop spinning. "You had won. I was in Azkaban."

"It was a different Azkaban than the one you put me in, though," Sirius hissed. "You barely knew the Dementors at all. I suffered under their care for TWELVE YEARS!"

Pettigrew shrunk back at that, his beady eyes wide with terror as Harry approached him.

"I told you that I'd kill you last Christmas if I didn't need something from you," he said calmly. "I did, and you played your part well, informing the British magical government of what truly happened that Halloween night as well as the fact that Voldemort had broken his followers out of Azkaban. He's dead, by the way, just in case the guards didn't inform you."

"They said you killed him," Pettigrew whispered.

He'd barely understood how that was possible when they first told him, even having seen how powerful Harry was when he took on Crouch, Greyback, and the others the night he was captured. The Dark Lord had always seemed like he was on a completely different level, beyond even the likes of Dumbledore, and the idea that his old friend's son had bested him in a duel and blown his head off, as the guards said, was insane. Yet as the mark on his arm disappeared completely, instead of simply fading as it had all those years ago when he fell the first time, he'd realized that it was true, and seeing the bizarrely tall, broad form of Harry Potter that day, he knew for certain that he'd made a far more terrible enemy than he ever realized.

"I did," Harry replied. "I told you that I wanted you to spend decades in Azkaban, knowing the whole time that I was the one who put you there and how I'd done it, and I meant that, but something has come up and I have a different purpose in mind for you now."

He drew the athame from his pocket as he said that, and Pettigrew squeaked again, shuffling backward, until his back hit the wall.

"Please, don't let him do this!" he begged, looking around the room desperately for a single sympathetic face.

"Who do you hope to find help from here?" Harry asked, genuinely amused. "The man you forced to live a waking nightmare for more than a decade? The two girls who are orphans because of what you and your friends did nearly a year ago?"

Pettigrew's eyes went wide as saucers as he looked over at Luna and Hermione, finding them both stone-faced.

"Don't look at us either," Akeno said, grinning malevolently. "I'd kill you as slowly as I did Greyback if I could, and neither Rias nor Fleur would be any more merciful."

"I didn't kill them, I swear!" Pettigrew exclaimed.

"No, you just helped," Sirius glared. "How we didn't realize that you were a little worm back in school, I will never know. Your spirit animal was a fucking rat, for Merlin's sake."

"You're going to be far more useful in death than you ever were in life," Harry hissed, grabbing him by the throat and lifting him in the air.

He struggled impotently, but it was for naught, his small, frail body being no match for Harry's sheer strength. He placed him on the altar, and the runes in it and the circle around them all began to glow blood-red. There were no words for this particular ritual, no incantations that needed to be spoken or chanted repeatedly. It was a thing of pure intent, bringing death for a chance to know eternal life. There was something almost vampiric about it, and as Harry traced the ritual blade through the air, gathering the power of the runes as the magic that Hermione imbued them with melded with Pettigrew's own, he doubted that Flamel would appreciate that particular comparison.

"Now," he hissed, and Fleur placed the quartz crystal down on the altar, just above Pettigrew's head.

A moment later, still holding the squirming man by the throat, Harry brought the blade down and pierced his heart with perfect accuracy. The air left his lungs in one sharp exhalation as he let his throat go, his eyes bulging as the pain of the stab wound added to the terror that had already consumed him. Lifting the blade until just the tip of it remained inside his hated foe, the young incubus watched as the rune-inscribed altar absorbed every trace of blood that leaked out of him, drawing it out so quickly that Pettigrew became deathly pale instantly. As the traitorous rat took his last gurgling breaths, he removed the last of the blade and immediately touched it as lightly as he could to the crystal.

In the darkness of the room he hadn't noticed that the blade had been not red with blood but utterly black as he pulled it out, and as he held it against the crystal, that blackness transferred to it. The whole process took less than a minute, and they might not have noticed that it was over at all if the altar didn't split with a thunderous crack, turning to rubble mere moments later as the sheer power of the ritual proved too much for it to endure. Fleur grabbed the stone, wincing as she felt a deep sense of wrongness from it, and examined it more closely.

"This is as black as Flamel described," she said.

"I'd say rot in hell, you piece of shit, but you're not going to get even that privilege," Sirius muttered viciously.

"They're all gone now, Daddy," Luna whispered, hugging Hermione, who hugged her back without a word, similarly relieved to know that the last of the people who conspired to abduct and murder her parents was gone for good.

The brunette vanished the rubble that had been her sacrificial altar, knowing that it was safe to do magic again with the ritual having been completed, and floated Pettigrew's lifeless body out of the room.

"Gnarl," she called out.

"Ah, another execution, ma'am?" Gnarl tittered. "He was an ugly one, wasn't he?"

"Have the minions turn him into fertilizer for the gardens," Hermione commanded, "and feel free to use his skull as an ornament."

"You are so good to us, Dark One," Gnarl grinned, already going to give her orders to the others.

"That's step one done, then," Akeno said as they left the ritual room. "Now you work on cleansing his soul?"

"Yes," Fleur nodded. "I'll handle this part since I have no personal connection to him. It will almost certainly take a few attempts, as I expect the little coward's soul to resist any attempt at self-reflection if I spend more than a little while on it, but in the coming days, this stone should go from its current tar-like state to one of pure, glowing white."

"Thank you, Fleur," Harry sighed. "I really didn't want to have to deal with him."

"Wait, if you do this part, can Harry or I still bind it to us at the end?" Rias asked.

"You can," Harry nodded. "The stone will be bound to whoever fills it with their blood at the end, but that person doesn't have to handle every other aspect of the process themselves. Perenelle Flamel helped a fair bit with the original stone according to Nicolas' grimoire."

"Good," Rias nodded, smiling as she saw Kiba and Koneko enter.

"Oh, you did it," the nekomata said as she spotted the minions carrying Pettigrew's corpse off. "Did it work?"

"So far so good," Rias replied. "How much did we miss?"

"About as little as we expected," Kiba replied. Holding up the canvas bag in his right hand, he said, "Sona was as meticulous with her notes as you'd expect."

"Good, then we can sort those out later," Rias smiled. "Thank you, you two. In the meantime, I say this is cause for celebration."

"I'm in," Akeno purred, wrapping her arms around the redhead's waist and making her giggle.

"That's not quite what I meant, though…" Rias said, trailing off with a grin.

"I'm going to go have my own celebration," Sirius said, feeling genuinely lighter than he had in years.

"Keep in mind you can't toast to the rat's demise with Remus for another couple weeks," Harry reminded him, and he nodded.

"I know, but I can just keep the details vague and celebrate with Haruka," Sirius grinned. "Oh, that reminds me, she wants to meet you and has been asking about having you over some night soon for dinner."

"It shouldn't be hard to find a night where we're all free," Harry nodded. "I should tell you, though, that her daughter is kind of into me."

"She's hardly the only one," Sirius said dryly. "It shouldn't be a problem. Aika seems like a perfectly lovely girl and one who I'm sure already knows at least the basics about your relationships."

"Yeah, I just figured I should say something," Harry nodded. "Have fun."

"Back at you," Sirius smiled as he turned to leave.

"I'll go catch up on the work I missed," Kiba murmured, taking the notes from his classes and teleporting up to his room.

"There was a time when I wouldn't have even considered doing anything else," Hermione mused, and Harry grinned.

"Are you saying we finally found something you like more than studying?" he asked teasingly, and she just rolled her eyes.

"You know the answer to that perfectly well," Hermione replied.

"I'll come by and join you all when Pettigrew's soul starts to fight me," Fleur said, flying up to her room to start working on the stone.

With the rest of them free, they all flew to Harry's room, stripping down the second they closed the door.

"I need this," Hermione breathed, wrapping her arms around Akeno's waist and kissing the raven-haired beauty deeply.

After the last few days, she really did, for between everything they went through in that terrible other universe, what followed that and now the death of the last man among the group who killed her parents, more than anything, she needed a distraction, and that she knew she could find in the arms of her lovers. Akeno returned the kiss with equal passion, her hands immediately cupping her plump, round ass cheeks, and she grinned as she broke the kiss and leaned back slightly.

"You're nearly as curvy as I am now," she purred, tracing a hand up along the brunette's side and cupping one of her large, full breasts.

"I'm definitely past where genetics alone would have gotten me now," Hermione murmured, looking down at herself, "but with women like you, Rias, and Fleur around, how could I not subconsciously want to look like this?"

"You were already beautiful, for the record," Harry said, letting Koneko's lips go as he looked over at his oldest friend. "I can't say I mind the change, though."

"Would you like me to be more like them?" the white-haired girl asked, sounding unusually timid, and he just smiled.

"You're stunning as you are," Harry replied, cupping one of her small, perky breasts and ghosting his thumb over her hard, pink nipple, making her breath hitch.

"How are you feeling?" Rias asked as she wrapped her arms around Luna's waist.

"The last Death Eater is gone, and that's nice," the blonde replied. "I just hope that the stone works out. There are so many great things we could do with it, and I know it would mean a lot to you too."

"I'm sure it will," Rias smiled, kissing her deeply and pulling her in close.

The six of them made their way to the bed, each couple kissing passionately as they went, and as they reached it and fell in three heaps, a sudden knock came to the door, making them look over at it in confusion.

"Fleur doesn't need to knock, and Kiba wouldn't interrupt us," Luna murmured.

"It's neither of them," Harry said, recognizing the distinct feeling of Maria's lust and magic on the other side of the door as he flew over and opened it a crack. "You must know that we're busy."

"I do," the diminutive, white-haired girl replied, grinning impishly. "You wanted incubus lessons, though, and there's no greater place to start that than during an orgy."

"Seriously?" Harry asked, his voice bone dry, and Maria's purple eyes shone with obvious mischief.

"You're the one who doesn't really know what you are or what all you can do with your powers," she replied. "I promise to keep my hands and even my tongue to myself if you'll let me watch you in action."

Harry turned to look at the five girls on the bed and cocked an eyebrow.

"You know my answer already," Luna smiled.

"Mine too," Akeno grinned.

"If she can help you get stronger, I suppose I could let her watch you fuck me," Koneko shrugged.

Rias looked at Hermione, who just rolled her eyes.

"It's not like I'm not already a hopeless degenerate," the brunette sighed. "Why wouldn't I let a succubus I just met watch us have group sex?"

"We've all been wonderful influences on you," Luna beamed, kissing her cheek and making her snort.

"Maria, come in," Rias called out, and Harry opened the door, letting the tiny succubus pad in.

She looked around at them all, licking her lips, only to go still when she caught sight of Harry's cock.

"Oh, wow," she said breathily, feeling a sudden flash of heat in her core. "I've never actually seen an incubus up close before. It's a good thing you can all fly because your legs must be numb all the time."

"So, is there anything in particular that might help you figure out what I need to learn?" Harry asked.

"Well, I would like to check on the state of your master-servant bonds with all of them," Maria replied. "As an incubus, you can do some things with those that most couldn't, provided they're deep enough, and I'd like to speak with this ghost you mentioned learning from as well."

"Oh, wow, I half expected you to just mention positions or something," Harry murmured, and she scoffed, pulling out a chair and sitting down.

"I promised to help you master your abilities in exchange for letting Mio and I come here, and I meant it," Maria said, looking him up and down appreciatively as he held out his hand and went to summon Leviathan. "Maybe if I help him fully master his abilities I'll get to enjoy the benefits of them too. I know it's not why Mio and I are here, but hey, a girl's got to have fun, right?"

She grinned at that, already anticipating quite the show as she checked out the gorgeous girls she was sure were going to be drooling, mindless wrecks by the time Harry was done with them.

*****

There existed in the heart of a vast mountain range in the southern hemisphere of the Underworld a massive, sprawling fortress of heavy black stone and steel. It was an ugly thing, that much its master couldn't deny; square, drab, and frighteningly tall, with four mighty towers that nearly reached the peaks of the three mountains it was nestled between, but its master had never been one to care about looks. He himself was a ridiculous creature, the sole surviving angel from the Tyrant's brief 'pointy ear phase' and unlike Azazel or many of the other Fallen angels, he wasn't a creature consumed by vanity.

He was one of very few among the Fallen who fell due to something other than lust, as wrath was his sin of choice. Jenna Valefor couldn't claim to know much about him, as her master's other servants had given her only a brief overview of the key figures among their enemies, but from what she'd heard, Kokabiel was a being of unrelenting hatred and paranoia, one who had fallen not because he couldn't keep his dick in his pants but because he dared to think that even the Tyrant's wrath was insufficient in pursuing Lucifer's legions.

"They say he hates Michael more than any of us now," she thought to herself as she phased through the shadow of one of Kokabiel's guards and slipped inside the fortress, completely invisible.

The Valefors had been natural thieves in life, a devil clan whose gifts weren't nearly as flashy as those of the Baels or the Sitris or the Phenexes, and yet were so much more useful. Invisibility came as naturally to the dark-haired devil as breathing, and that was far from her only special ability. She could walk through shadows, both those of inanimate objects and living beings. The latter had been something it took her years to learn how to do without being noticed, as her first few thousand attempts had sent shivers down the spines of the people she walked through, and yet she could do it seemlessly now and was only noticed when she chose to be.

Between her ability to fly unseen, step through shadow, and make even the most complex locks her playthings, she was a natural choice to infiltrate and rob any target that her king had in mind, yet she was far from infallible, and there were security measures that even she couldn't just dismiss. Kokabiel's vault was one under the tightest security she'd ever seen outside of her king's hidden laboratory in Cocytus, and she still had no idea how she was going to get into it.

"No security system is perfect," she thought to herself as she flew through the winding halls of the fortress. "There's a flaw in it somewhere, something that even this paranoid asshole overlooked, and I'm going to find it."

Her king had told her that he'd ponder the issue personally, and she didn't doubt his abilities, of course, but she knew that if she could figure it out herself, he'd be most impressed, and impressing him was something she'd do anything to achieve.

"If I do enough good work for him maybe someday I'll outrank that stick in the mud, Euclid," she thought to herself, scowling as she always did when she thought of her king's right hand. How someone as brilliant as Rizevim ended up with a brooding, irritable, barely competent prick like Euclid Lucifuge as his most valued servant was beyond her. She knew that House Lucifuge was one of the Houses of Lucifer, but still…

"Tell me your secrets!" she heard a thunderous voice echo through the keep, and it nearly made her fall out of the sky, the rage and power carried in it being extraordinary and terrifying.

"Kokabiel," she thought to herself.

The previous two times she'd infiltrated his fortress, the cadre-level fallen angel hadn't been home, and knowing that he was there then was more than a little unnerving. She should have turned back, she knew, and she also knew that her king would have commanded her to if he knew that both she and the ancient angel were in the fort together, but she wasn't so easily cowed. If she could get her hands on the preserved devil heads Kokabiel apparently kept, it would bring Rizevim closer than he'd ever been to accomplishing his goal, and that was something worth risking herself for.

"It's not like I didn't leave him a DNA sample in case this goes really poorly," she thought to herself, sneaking towards the clearly frustrated voice. "It's possible that getting a good look at Kokabiel will help me figure out a way past his defenses."

With that justification given, she continued on and came to a halt as she finally caught sight of him. He looked just like the drawing she'd seen, tall and broad, with long black hair, pale skin, and blood-red eyes that shone with visible malice. His pointed, elf-like ears she noticed at once, wondering just what made the Tyrant become so temporarily enamored with the look back in the day, and that wasn't all she noticed. Before him, in noticeably rough shape, was what looked like a suit of armor.

"I cannot tell you anything, sir," the suit of armor said, it's voice metallic and flat, and Jenna nearly jumped. "You are not the master."

"What the hell is that thing?" she wondered, noticing for the first time that the eye slits in its helmet contained two glowing blue orbs.

"Ahh!" Kokabiel growled. "You are a thing of devil-make, I just know it! A plot to make pawns of my fellows' descendants, surely, and you're infuriatingly familiar too.

"I think I might know just why this thing seems so familiar," another fallen angel said as he entered the room through another door.

"Did you find something, Arariel?" Kokabiel asked.

"I did," Arariel replied, brushing his long, white hair out of his face. "Lord Azazel gave me access to the archives after I explained our concerns about the mechanical beings."

"I'm amazed he didn't dismiss them outright," Kokabiel hissed.

"You have a habit of judging him as more lackadaisical than he is, old friend," Arariel sighed, and Kokabiel just huffed. "Our first clue lay in the distinctly Corinthian helmets. These things, automatons, as they were called, existed once before."

"Where?" Kokabiel asked, his anger being replaced by genuine curiosity for a moment.

"Atlantis," Arariel replied, and the other angel's crimson eyes went wide as saucers.

"Atlantis?" he asked. "How in the world…"

"I have no idea," Arariel replied. "The models all resemble something that we have only a few drawings of in the archives, though, of the mechanical slaves the magical community of Atlantis built to avoid needing to look for servants among the wider human world. They were fleeing God's wrath then and…"

"You don't need to tell me that," Kokabiel muttered. "God tasked me with finding their hidden community back in the day."

"Oh, right, this was before you fell," Ararial breathed. "I had forgotten."

"So these modern-day wizards and witches somehow figured out how to recreate these Atlantean designs?" Kokabiel asked.

"That seems like the most likely possibility," Arariel replied. "You never did find any definitive links between Atlantis and the devils. I may have forgotten that you were the one who reported that to our lord, but I do remember your conclusions."

"Just because I didn't find a definitive link doesn't mean that there wasn't one," Kokabiel muttered, and Arariel sighed, shaking his head.

"You stole this one from one of our descendants and have pulled no information out of it," Arariel said. "It's entirely possible that there is no great conspiracy here. Their elf-creatures were recently proved to be unreliable, and an alternative popped up that, quite naturally, sold well. Have you had any luck tracking down the witch you managed to link to them?"

"No," Kokabiel muttered. "This Hermione Granger lived all her life in England and, after the murder of her parents, disappeared, apparently to Japan. I've not managed to find anything more specific than that, aside from the fact that she's apparently not attending the great magical school there."

"Did she graduate from one of the English ones?" Arariel asked.

"No," Kokabiel replied, "not that my servants could find any proof of."

"That...is odd, admittedly," Arariel murmured.

"This whole thing is odd," Kokabiel muttered. "A mere teenager, and not one from one of the wealthier, more established families, takes the market by storm with reproductions of old Atlantean creations almost immediately after the very thing they were made to replace went nuts and started turning on them? There's devilry afoot here, I'm sure of it, and I will prove it."

"Well, when you put it like that, it's clear there's more to this story than meets the eye," Arariel said. "Do you want me to try and track down this Granger girl?"

"No, I have people on it, and you've helped more than enough as is," Kokabiel replied. "Thank you for that."

"The archangel Kokabiel thanking someone, what has the universe come to?" Arariel teased, and Kokabiel just glared at him. "Oh, relax. You're lucky we don't have to worry about our blood pressure like the mortals do."

"I…" Kokabiel went to say when a note suddenly appeared in front of him, and he snatched it from the air. Reading it quickly, he incinerated it and said, "I'm afraid we'll have to continue this another time. Goodbye, old friend."

"Take care of yourself," Arariel replied, disappearing in a bright blue magic circle.

"Show yourself," Kokabiel commanded, and another fallen angel appeared before him, carrying three holy swords of such power that they made Jenna's blood go cold. "You were successful?"

"We were, my lord," the angel said as she knelt before him and held up the three sheathed swords. "The bishop Galilei proved most useful. Three of the seven Excaliburs are yours."

"Excellent," Kokabiel grinned, floating the three blades into the air with a wave of her hand, and Jenna nearly gasped as she did so.

"Oh, fuck," she thought to herself, disappearing into the nearest shadow and reappearing in the shadow of a tree she'd marked earlier, one miles away from Kokabiel.

The fact that the single most homicidal fallen angel in existence had three of the seven blades forged from the original Excalibur in his possession would have been enough cause for concern on its own, but that wasn't what was truly bothering her just then. Feeling Kokabiel's magic let her figure out something about the defenses she'd examined before, something that she really, really hoped she was wrong about but feared she wasn't.

"The enchantments around the vault feel just like his magic, not an echo like I'd expect from something he'd crafted himself, but exactly," she thought to herself.

There was only one thing that that could mean, as far she knew: that he'd tied those defenses to his own lifeforce. That was a risky thing to do, as it meant that one had to sacrifice a portion of their own power to their enchantments, but the tradeoff was immense. Breaking through his defenses without immediately alerting him to what she was going was going to be impossible and that complicated things quite a bit.

"The king must be informed at once, both about this development and what I saw Kokabiel doing," she thought to herself as she opened a magic circle around herself and moved to teleport to Rizevim's hidden castle. Things had just become far more complicated for her, but it also seemed like they were about to become far more interesting in general.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Sanguinis, Markuz Black, KodaJaxxs and 125 others
voivode_writer
Aug 4, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
View content
1 more message…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
 [NSFW] The Weight of Fate [Harry Potter]
Heartlesss Thursday at 20:27 Words: 15k ai assisted harry potter (series) harry potter au
Replies12
Views1K
Today at 07:09
veekie
_Karma_
 [NSFW] Dragon x Dragon ? This World Now Belong To Phoenix. High School PxP
_Karma_ Aug 10, 2026 Words: 2.7k dxd si high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies17
Views3K
Aug 20, 2026
Fenrir of the North
abel targayen
[NSFW] Horseman of War (High School DxD SI)
abel targayen May 25, 2026 Words: 27k 1 ... 6 7 8 genocide high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies223
Views23K
Jul 28, 2026
XXxxxadisxxxXX
XXxxxadisxxxXX
Ba7onz
 [NSFW] The Wandless Archmage (Harry Potter)
Ba7onz May 14, 2026 Words: 62k 1 2 harem harry potter incest
Replies42
Views23K
Aug 22, 2026
StrangePuppet
StrangePuppet
 [NSFW] Thunder in the Skies(Enel si) One Piece/ High School DxD
Godofdestroet66@4 Aug 18, 2026 Words: 6k akeno himejima high school dxd issei
Replies18
Views3K
Today at 13:47
king7marble
king7marble
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Witchcraft and Devilry (Harry Potter & High School DxD)
 Thread startervoivode_writer  Start dateApr 2, 2024  Tagscrossover harem harry potter high school dxd overlord (video game) shinmai maou no testament size queen the witcher
Prev  
1
2
3
 
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 61 New
View content
voivode_writer
voivode_writer
I trust you know where the happy button is?
JoinedJan 31, 2024
Messages561
Likes received54,974
Aug 18, 2026
New
Add bookmark
#1,196
"Thank the Lightbringer," Leviathan muttered the moment Harry summoned her. "I've been waiting for you to call on me since you first got back."

"Sorry about that; we've been rather busy," Harry replied.

"With your human sacrifice, right," Leviathan nodded. "Well done there, by the way. So how the hell is there a living succubus?"

"Hi," Maria smiled. "You're the one who made the incubi and succubi in this world?"

"This...so she is from one of the other worlds," Leviathan said slowly. "How in the world did someone in another universe manage to do the exact same thing that I did? Who created your kind?"

"No one...at least that we know of," Maria replied. "We're just one of the races of demons, and we pass what we are down to our descendants."

"That doesn't make any sense!" Leviathan exclaimed.

"Leviathan, my theory for the overlap in universes is that somehow snippets of knowledge sort of make their way through to other worlds," Hermione piped up. "Think of it like the ancient Greek concept of the muses...actually, I keep forgetting that all these beings actually exist; it might actually be the muses."

"That...I don't believe that," Leviathan muttered. "My incubus-succubus project was the result of years and years of research and experimentation as I sought a solution to our people's fertility problem. It's not like it came to me in a dream or anything."

"Fertility problem?" Maria asked.

"Yeah, devils have very, very low fertility rates," Rias explained. "The incubi and succubi were made to address and fix this, as they're properly fertile."

"Yeah, they are," Maria breathed, looking down at Harry's cock and licking her lips. "So, do any of you have buns in the oven yet?"

"No," Rias chuckled as the others all looked momentarily concerned by the idea.

"We're still very young, especially for devils, and we have too much on our plates to even consider it," Harry replied. "I'm assuming that the incubi in your world can control their fertility like I can."

"That's right," Maria nodded. "Our powers seem to be very close, if not downright identical. You certainly feel like an incubus."

"That still doesn't make any sense," Leviathan grumbled, no happier at the idea of a question she couldn't solve than she was in life. "Do you think you could summon me in that other world if you were to return?"

"I doubt it," Harry replied. "I didn't think to try it there, but we did try to make one other piece of magic work between dimensions, and it didn't."

"At any rate, we're not going to be going traveling between dimensions any time soon," Akeno said.

"It was more than a little unpleasant," Luna explained.

"An experiment for another time," Leviathan murmured. "Well, given that you're clothed, little succubus, I take it that you're not here to partake in the fun to come, yes?"

"Not this time," Maria replied, winking at Harry, who felt his cock throb as he picked up on the little sex kitten's desire for them all. "I'm here to observe Harry in action, so to speak, and to offer him advice about how to use his abilities."

"Keep in mind that he's not a fully developed incubus and some of his abilities are still essentially locked away," Leviathan said, and Maria nodded.

"That is genuinely weird to me," the little succubus muttered.

"Most incubi and succubi you've met would have been born that way and developed naturally, while Harry…" Leviathan went to say.

"Had a very unusual development," Harry cut in.

"Let me go and I'll observe in silence," Leviathan said. "I am very curious to see what you have in mind, little succubus."

"To start with, I'm probably going to check on their bonds through the master servant contracts," Maria replied. "I'm very curious to see how those are progressing."

"She comes from the universe; we got that from," Hermione chimed in, and Leviathan's eyes widened.

"I see," she breathed, looking at the white-haired girl curiously. "I think this might be a very enlightening session."

With that, Harry let her go, and Maria padded over to the bed, looking closely at the girls lying there. Hermione tensed for a moment before relaxing while the others all looked up at the succubus with varying degrees of interest. She held her hand out, hovering over each of them as she reached out with her senses, smiling widely when she found what she was looking for.

"I can definitely sense the bonds you share with your lovers," Maria murmured, frowning for a moment as she looked at Hermione. "Most of them, anyway."

"I haven't done the ritual," the brunette explained. "Not much of a submissive, I'm afraid."

"Don't knock it till you try it," Maria purred. "Harry, call upon the bonds?"

"How do I do that?" Harry asked.

"You can sense the girls, no?" Maria asked. "Search for that feeling and you'll find the bonds among them. I need to see their collars, and while we could have them trigger the curse, this would be simpler."

"Alright," Harry murmured, closing his eyes and reaching out to them.

Their very souls were bound together, and he could sense a great deal about them if he tried, though he usually held back on that, wanting to give them their privacy. When he heard all of them, save for Hermione, gasp, he opened his eyes back up and looked over to see Maria staring closely at Rias, who looked more amused than anything.

"See something you like?" the crimson-haired girl asked, and Maria chuckled.

"I would wear your thighs like a scarf if you merely asked," the succubus replied, looking closely at the glowing crimson light on her neck.

"Why are most of them red and mine is purple?" Koneko asked.

"Because their loyalty to Harry is greater," Maria replied, and the other white-haired girl's eyes widened as she looked over at Harry fearfully.

"We haven't known each other all that long, Koneko," he said softly. "It's alright."

"The rest of the bonds are downright crimson," Maria pronounced. "They've reached the highest possible level that they can. You must all trust him with your lives."

"Absolutely," Rias nodded.

"I have since we met," Luna sighed.

"You've more than earned that trust, baby," Akeno smiled up at him.

"For the record, I trust you like that too," Hermione muttered, and Harry smiled, taking her hand in his and kissing her knuckles.

"I know," he murmured.

"You've all grown dramatically more powerful since you did the rituals, right?" Maria asked.

"We have," Rias replied. "The scroll we found didn't mention it but we eventually learned that it helped us, especially when we activate the curse and have sex."

"Right," Maria nodded. "I'm the last person who would normally say this, but it is a shame that you've already had sex."

"Why?" Hermione asked, confused.

"With your bonds as deep as they are, you'd all be able to undertake the Master-Servant Vow," Maria replied, "but that requires the master to take the servant's purity as they submit to them completely, mind, body, and soul."

"And that would require them to be virgins?" Harry asked.

"It would," Maria replied. "With you being an incubus, that would have been potentially extraordinary, but…"

"How so?" Rias asked.

"The Master-Servant Vow is the highest form of the contract," Maria explained. "Once completed, the curse aspect of it disappears because there is no longer any chance that the servant would betray the master, their loyalty having reached such an absolute state."

"That...would be nice," Hermione murmured contemplatively.

"Yeah, it would, but I doubt that's what's so extraordinary about it," Rias said.

"Yeah, why would me being an incubus change anything?" Harry asked.

"I can't say for certain because this was possibly bullshit and, if it did happen, it happened only once, but there was an incubus in my world millennia ago who apparently managed to create numerous vowed bonds with the members of his harem," Maria replied. "The story goes that, because of his nature and the energy siphoning abilities he possessed, his vows turned out to be even more advantageous than most. He apparently ended up so deeply connected to his harem that all of their power and all of their abilities became his as well."

"He learned to...use their powers?" Harry asked, his eyes flicking to Rias for a moment.

"It wasn't that he learned how to do it; he just could," Maria replied. "The demon council, fearful of his power, sent an assassin in to kill him in his sleep, fearing that in open battle they would not stand a chance. If your harem grows again, it might be worthwhile to stick to anal until their loyalty reaches its peak so you could…"

"There might actually be a way to do this anyway," Hermione said, cutting her off, and then everyone looked at her curiously. "I don't know if it would be enough to satisfy the requirements of the vow, but I came across a scroll in the omnilibrary a few months ago that I found to be equal parts fascinating and irksome."

"Oh?" Luna asked.

"It was apparently written by the goddess, Hera, and detailed how she created the Pool of Kanathos," Hermione replied. "I knew that there was a known myth about how Hera bathed in Kanathos annually to restore her purity and become a maiden again, but in the myth, it was a stream."

"It would...restore our virginities?" Rias asked.

"I wrote it off as something I'd never even consider using, but if it could make this possible…" Hermione said, trailing off.

"You hardly need to go to this trouble on my account," Harry muttered, not entirely comfortable with the idea.

"Harry, this could be how you catch up to Rizevim's level," Hermione said flatly. "If you continued feeding on us and gained all of our abilities, you could become incredibly powerful."

"The Power of Destruction alone would be a great boon for you," Rias murmured, and Harry sighed.

"I don't like hurting you and this would…" he went to say.

"A little sting is a small price to pay to make you stronger, Harry," Akeno purred, wrapping her arms around him. Leaning in, she whispered, "And besides, you know I don't mind a little pain."

"Depending on how far this pool would go, it might well work," Maria murmured.

"We know that your harem is going to keep growing too," Luna chimed in. "If you managed to create the vow with even just most of us and the women to come, you could eventually reach a point where you could go toe to toe with the likes of Sirzechs and Ajuka."

"I love you all," Harry sighed, joining them on the bed and wrapping his arms around the lot of them together.

"Could that involve abilities gained from Sacred Gears too?" Koneko asked, "Because that would be insane."

"You're far outside the realm of things I've dealt with here before, kid, so I have no idea," Ddraig replied. "I doubt it, though."

"I wouldn't know," Maria replied. "I also, again, don't know for sure if this would actually work. It could be just a legend, for all I know, and all I know for sure is that the demon council forbade incubi from using the master-servant contract because of it."

"Wouldn't that suggest that it is true?" Koneko asked.

"The council is full of craven monsters terrified at the thought of losing their power," Maria spat. "The mere rumor that something like this could be done would have been enough for them to ban it. So, do you think you could create this magic pool, Hermione?"

"Hera's instructions were very clear and detailed," Hermione replied. "It should be possible, though one little issue with it is that it has to be out in the open and those who use it have to bathe in it naked."

"Just put it in the backyard and we'll enchant the area to be impossible to truly see," Rias shrugged. "I'll volunteer to be our guinea pig in this case."

"It doesn't have to be terribly large at least," Hermione murmured. "Rias, it would be best for me to borrow the diadem while I work on it."

"Of course," Rias nodded. "That thing will stay in my room; I already have a beautiful display case for it, but we'll all be free to use it as needed."

"Now, in the meantime, I'd like to see how far you've come in learning how to use your incubus powers," Maria purred. "To start with, please demonstrate how you flare your lust aura. That's one of the trickiest things to get perfectly right, and I'm sure I'll be able to give you a few pointers."

"As you wish," Harry replied, grinning as he looked over at his numerous lovers and set about driving them all insane with desire.

*****

"Master," Dagon breathed as he appeared inside Zekram's study, and the silver-haired devil didn't even bother looking up from the letter he was writing.

"I trust this is vitally important," he muttered.

"You instructed me specifically to come right to you no matter the circumstances when this news came in, my lord," Dagon replied. "The men succeeded."

"They…" Zekram breathed, standing up at once. "Take me to her."

Dagon nodded and led him out of the room towards the castle's infirmary, where there was but a single patient currently taking up a bed. She looked young, far younger than he knew her to be, and Zekram couldn't help but smile as he looked down at her. This here was the sole descendant of Lady Leviathan who wasn't bitterly opposed to his faction, and having her here was a victory worth celebrating.

"She's beautiful," he murmured, looking down at her heart-shaped face.

Her porcelain skin was flawless and nearly glowing, and her long lavender hair lay fanned out around her. The servants who had been looking after her had dressed her in a tight-fitting, low-cut white dress in a style he recognized from his occasional trips into Lucifaad and Lilith, something that he imagined was rather different than what she was wearing decades ago when she first fell into her coma.

"It's the strangest thing, my lord," Alaric, his court physician said, shaking his head as he looked up from the notes he was taking. "It's definitely Sleeping Sickness and yet she shows no sign of withering or weakening, which after all this time…"

"She should be dead and yet she lives," Zekram murmured. "There's a sacred gear at work here; there must be."

"I shall, of course, endeavor to divine just what it is and how it's keeping her in such good shape," Alaric replied. "Perhaps if we can learn that, we might be able to use it to figure out a way to wake her. My lord, if I may ask…"

"Go on," Zekram muttered.

"Is that why you had her brought here?" Alaric asked. "So that I could study Sleeping Sickness in a patient who is somehow not dying?"

"Not specifically," Zekram replied. "I had that girl brought here as a favor to an old friend, and she might prove most useful to our plans if she wakes. If you can determine something we don't already know about that dread disease by studying her, that will be great, but she it not be harmed under any circumstances. Run your tests but be quick about it."

"Yes, my Lord," Alaric replied, bowing his head as Zekram turned and left.

"I trust there were no great complications with the operation," he grumbled to Dagon.

"None, master," his servant replied. "Once the men determined just where in that compound the girl was being kept, I selected our most capable spies to infiltrate it and extract her. From what I read of their report so far, they didn't need to harm a single servant."

"Good," Zekram nodded. "I don't want this being traced back to me. That could become...difficult."

"I did impress upon them the necessity of stealth in this particular case," Dagon replied, "and I took the liberty to promise a bonus if they got through it without bloodshed. Once I review their memories and make sure that they're not lying, I'll bring you the bill."

"It will be well worth it at any price," Zekram said. "The very idea that we might actually be able to restore the Leviathan bloodline… Lady Leviathan was one of my dearest friends, one of the most capable devils I ever met, and knowing that her bloodline has been reduced to that short-sighed, shrieking loon, Katerea…"

"Except it hasn't been," Dagon smiled.

"Unless she wakes up, we won't be able to say that for sure, though given how she'd survived up to this point, I'd say the chances are better than normal." Zekram said. "Keep an eye on Alaric and make sure that he finishes the tests he wants to run today. Tomorrow, I'll be transferring her to Agreas."

"Should I send word to Lord Ajuka?" Dagon asked.

"No," Zekram replied. "I haven't seen our Beelzebub in quite some time and some things should be discussed in person. I'll be back in a little while."

"I'll ensure that your letter has been properly weighed down," Dagon nodded as Zekram opened a magic circle around him.

In a violet flash he disappeared, reappearing in the entryway of Ajuka's fortress. Scowling inwardly at having been redirected, he activated the sensor by the door with a wave of his hand, glaring up at the camera when it flashed pulsating green light at him.

"Lord Zekram Bael, firstborn of the Bael line," a robotic voice announced. "Welcome to Agreas. What may I do for you?"

"Inform your master that I need a word with him," Zekram muttered. "Tell him it is urgent."

He summoned the cane he sometimes used as a walking stick and leaned on it as he waited, his grip on the golden handle tightening more and more as he continued to be made to wait. Given his rank and power, few were the devils who would dare make him wait for anything, and it irked him knowing that a brat less than half his age was among them. After a moment the gate opened and he flew inside, sending his cane away and making his way over to where he sensed Ajuka was. As he slipped inside the extensive wards around the complex, he was able to sense more and more about it, and he furrowed his brow when he realized that not only was Ajuka not alone, but he was with someone he'd meant to meet with later anyway.

"Lord Zekram," Venelana smiled, rising as he entered the room. "What a surprise."

"Indeed," Zekram murmured, eyeing Ajuka, who rose only as he finished placing what was clearly a contract in his desk.

"My lord," the green-haired man said. "An unexpected pleasure. What brings you by?"

"If you'd like me to go, our business has concluded," Venelana murmured.

"If you didn't suspect that this involved you, you would have left before I entered the room, then," Zekram muttered, sitting down at Ajuka's silent invitation. "Tomorrow morning, I'm going to be transferring a patient here. Someone suffering from Sleeping Sickness."

"Did my brother…" Venelana asked, and he shook his head.

"No," Zekram replied. "It's no one we know or even knew existed until recently, a half-human descendant of Leviathan."

"A...fascinating," Ajuka breathed. "Pity that she's succumbed to that dreadful disease of ours. What exactly do you expect me to do, my lord? I am no closer to a cure for Sleeping Sickness today than I was the last time we spoke."

"I want you to examine her closely and see if there might be a way to wake her," Zekram replied. "You see, she's suffered from this and been in a coma for nearly a century."

"What?" Venelana breathed as Ajuka just stared at him curiously. "How did you learn of her existence? Surely Katerea didn't reach out to you."

"Katerea doesn't know she exists," Zekram replied. "I found out about her through your son-in-law. He summoned Leviathan's spirit to speak with me when I had him and Rias over at the castle a little while ago, and she asked me to find her. The girl looks to be in perfect health, Ajuka, as though she fell into her coma yesterday and not…"

"During the reign of Queen Victoria?" Venelana asked. "Lucifer's Light, if she could be revived…"

"We could, through her, revive that bloodline," Zekram grinned. "Lady Leviathan brought her up as a suggestion for young Harry's harem when we were discussing the need to bring other noble heiresses in as mistresses."

"Right, of course," Ajuka said, shaking his head as he remembered that he had company and couldn't just zone out trying to figure out how best to proceed.

"My physician is running tests in the vague hope that we might learn more about the condition itself from someone who survived it longer than anyone ever has," Zekram continued. "Once that's done, I can have her brought here."

"I'd prefer to collect her myself," Ajuka said. "I can't think of very many sacred gears that would help subconsciously counteract the effects of Sleeping Sickness and of the few I can think of, none are sub-longinus level."

"The girl has something powerful lodged in her soul; there's no doubt there," Zekram nodded. "On the subject of Harry and Rias, how are they faring?"

"That's part of why I came here today," Venelana replied. "They recently found their way into the world they were seeking and have the means to create a Philosopher's Stone."

"They pulled it off?" Zekram breathed.

"Interdimensional travel? Yes, but the Philosopher's Stone is another matter, at least so far," Ajuka replied. "That process takes weeks, and so we won't know for certain how it turned out for a bit. If they manage it, that alone might make it possible to revive this girl."

"Misla too," Venelana murmured, and Zekram cocked an eyebrow at her. "You know Sairaorg will ask it of Rias the moment he learns about the Stone, which he will, and having the future Lord Bael owe her a favor of that magnitude could only prove useful. He is still the heir, after all."

"A fair point," her ancestor nodded. "Of course, this is all based on the assumption that we're right about the Stone helping as we hope it will."

"Given the seemingly endless transmutative powers of it, I'd be shocked if it didn't," Ajuka drawled, "but you are correct that we have no proof so far. Are they aware that you've retrieved the girl yet?"

"No," Zekram replied. "I'll send them a letter when I return home. Good day, Lord Ajuka, Venelana."

"Good day, my lord," Ajuka and Venelana said in unison as he disappeared in a magic circle, reappearing in his study.

Sitting back down at his desk, he removed the paperweight Dagon had placed on the letter he'd been writing and quickly finished it before taking a moment to write to Rias.

"She actually managed it," he thought to himself, smiling genuinely as he finished the quiet note. "That girl and her husband are proving to be full of surprises. I might need to take a more active role in encouraging their development."

It had been centuries since he'd taken that direct an interest in any of his descendants but it had been longer than that since any of them had warranted it. Things were about to get very interesting in the Underworld, he was sure of that.

*****

"By the goddess, what a pitiful man," Fleur muttered as she stared down at the stone sitting on her end table, its inky swirls continuing to slither across the surface like oil-soaked snakes.

As a Veela, she had an innate ability to know what people were feeling, provided she was close to them, and the Stone holding Pettigrew's soul turned out not to be an exception to that. This was good, as it meant that she'd likely have an even easier time working through the nigredo stage of the process than Flamel did, but it was not without its downsides. Peter Pettigrew was an even more pathetic waste of a man than she'd thought during their single brief meeting. His soul felt like excuses made manifest, as though by the end of his life, his very essence had been consumed by a desperate need to convince himself that he hadn't had a choice in the things he did.

"To his dying breath, he continued telling himself that it wasn't his fault," she realized as she hovered her hand over it and peered once more into the inky depths of the man's soul. "He could lie to himself, but he cannot lie to me. I see the core of petty resentment at the center of his being, though how I'm going to get him to see it, I can't say."

Getting to the albedo phase of the process was going to require her to peel back the darkest, most terrible aspects of their sacrifice's soul and get him to let them go. He was entirely under control, locked away in the stone, and she had a few ideas of how best to work on him, yet she hadn't yet put together a greater plan. She had time, she knew, but not terribly much, and within the day she hoped to have some sense of just how she was going to deal with Pettigrew.

"I suppose I could...agh!" Fleur cried, her knees buckling as she felt a wave of pure, raw lust sweep over her. Arousal was the last thing she could have said she felt before, disgusted as she was by the pathetic wretch whose soul she was examining, yet within seconds of feeling that wave of energy she had already soaked her panties through. "I really shouldn't bother wearing any around Harry."

Smirking at the thought, she flew out of her room and towards his, eager to see just what had made him interrupt her so. She felt the sound-destroying barrier around the room as she grabbed the doorknob and grinned, images of absolute debauchery swirling around her lust-addled mind. Opening the door a little, she slipped inside and was immediately hit by the sounds, smells, and delightfully sinful visuals of the orgy in progress.

"Fuck yes!" Akeno cried, shaking in orgasmic delight as she held Hermione's head between her legs. "Fucking hells, you're so damn good at that."

"Harder!" Luna cried, gripping the sheets so tightly that her knuckles turned white as she rocked back and forth against Koneko, who had her entire hand stuffed in her soaked pussy. "Oh, shit, yes, twist it like that...just like that...oh, fuck."

"Feeling someone rake their knuckles over your g-spot is incredible, no?" Maria purred and Fleur jumped, turning to look at the diminutive succubus sitting in the corner, observing the entire thing with undisguised desire written on her face.

She'd been so immediately captivated by the orgy that she hadn't even realized she could sense the lusty girl next to her, something she couldn't even truly blame herself for when there were so many delights to be distracted by. One of those delights let out a soul-crushingly desperate whine just then, and Fleur's breath hitched as she looked over at Rias and Harry.

"Please let me cum," the crimson-haired beauty begged. "Please, I'll do anything, anything!"

"By the goddess," Fleur breathed, floating over to get a closer look at them.

Rias was on her hands and knees, her massive, pendulous breasts swaying under her with Harry's every rough thrust as he pounded her from behind. Her face was a mask of anguish, mascara streaks running down her cheeks, her features contorted in a deep grimace, and her eyes, entirely black with lust, wide and full of desperate need. She doubted that the other girl would agree, but in that moment, Fleur didn't think she'd ever looked more beautiful.

"Just a little longer, Rias," Harry grinned, not slowing his thrusts in the slightest. "You know that the longer you hold out, the better it will be. Hello, Fleur."

"'Arry," Fleur breathed. "What is this?"

"This is a taste of what your incubus beau can do," Maria replied for him, and Fleur turned to see she'd stood up and padded over. "You feel that, don't you? The lust and relaxing bliss rolling off of Harry in waves? That is an incubus' allure used properly."

"It's...oh, fuck...true," Luna moaned. "I was so relaxed Koneko's whole hand just slipped inside me."

"YES!" Akeno wailed, cumming hard as Hermione continued to lap at her squirting slit like a frenzied beast, desperately drinking down all the fluids she could.

"This is...far beyond what my allure can do," Fleur breathed.

"Of course it is," Maria smiled. "From what you've told me, Veela are an offshoot of the succubi, and you have some powers like mine, but they wouldn't be quite to the same level. Once fully under the thrall of one of us, we can make you feel almost anything. Bliss, mania, total and complete relaxation, you name it. There isn't a drug in this world or mine that we can't mimic the effects of, and of course, we can stop you from cumming too, holding you at the precipice of ecstasy until your mind breaks. Isn't that right, Rias?"

"I am going to...gah!" Rias screamed as Harry hit her fornix so precisely that her vision blacked out for a second.

"You're so beautiful, you know," Maria smiled, "so much like Mio. If Harry here seduces her too, just imagine the threesomes you'll have."

"I...just met her," Harry grunted, utterly lost in the perfection that was Rias' hot, wet, incredibly tight pussy.

"Yes, but we're going to be here a while, and you are what you are," Maria smiled. "Tell me, Harry, what do you sense from your darling little wife here?"

"Need, nothing but all-consuming need," Harry replied, and she tutted.

"No, no, no, look deeper," Maria purred. "The need to cum is the sole thing on her mind right now, and that's what you're sensing, but there's so much more under the surface. You're buried inside her, your souls are bound together, and you're an incubus; look deeper."

"Holy shit," Luna sighed, still twitching even after Koneko pulled her hand out of her. "Hey, Fleur, would you like to feast on Koneko's pussy while I eat her ass?"

"My ass?" Koneko squeaked, blushing at the thought. "Why would...hey!"

Luna levitated her over onto her face as she finished casting the lubrication charm on her, burying it between her taut cheeks, and immediately started swirling her tongue around her tiny little rosette.

"Oh, oh!" the white-haired girl moaned, her eyes rolling back as she felt a tongue on her sensitive flesh for the first time. "Oh, why does that feel so good?"

"There are quite a number of nerve endings…" Hermione went to say, only to trail off as Akeno kissed her deeply.

"She was asking rhetorically, dear," she murmured, sliding a hand down along her flat, taut belly as she continued to kiss the brunette.

Fleur shivered and stripped naked with a wave of her hand before flying in and burying her face between Koneko's legs, making her cry out in pleasure.

"Oh, wow," Harry breathed as he finally felt what Maria was talking about. Underneath Rias' desperate need to cum, there was a kaleidoscope of emotions.

He felt frustration, though it was a very new emotion that he knew was just because he was denying her her release, and under that was a love so deep and profound it made his eyes go misty. He'd been able to feel the emotions of his lovers during the master-servant contract rituals, and he'd gotten snippets since, but he'd never looked quite this deeply into their souls, and what he found in Rias' was overwhelming. Without realizing what he was doing, he changed their position, pushing her down until she was lying prone on the bed and burying his face in the crook of her neck.

"Cum for me, Rias," Harry whispered in her ear as he let his hold on her body go. "Come for me, baby."

"HARRY!" Rias shrieked at the top of her lungs, cumming so hard she flooded the bed under them.

He let go with a groan, filling her up with rope after thick rope of his cum while she writhed and convulsed in pleasure under him. The others all looked at them, feeling an echo of his pleasure through their bonds, and they moaned at that before returning their focus to one another. Fleur sighed happily, seeing two of the people she loved most in all the world so lost in bliss together, and started swirling her tongue around Koneko's clit, making her cry out in pleasure.

Maria, meanwhile, observed the whole thing almost clinically, noting everything she could feel coming from Harry while furrowing her brow in confusion.

"He really is like an underdeveloped incubus," she thought to herself, noting how lacking his presence seemed to be.

A full-grown incubus lost in the throes of passion with a lover bonded to him should have felt like lust itself, like one was staring into the heart of the very concept of desire, and from Harry, that all seemed muted. She might have thought that it was simply an example of the incubi in this world being less impressive than the ones from her world, despite how utterly similar they seemed normally, but knowing that he still hadn't unlocked his full potential, that made a little more sense.

"Any incubus in the demon realm would have started feeding on lust and seducing everyone he cared to from the moment he physically could, while Harry's only been one of us for a few months," she thought to herself, smiling as she felt him feed a little on Rias' energy. "He'll get there, I'm sure, and I can help him along, but it's going to take time, clearly."

"I don't know...how many times...I just came," Rias panted as he pulled his still rock-hard cock from her gaping quim and rolled over. "Oh, fuck."

"At least ten times, I'd say," Maria grinned, reaching down and swiping a finger along Harry's shaft before bringing it to her lips to taste their fluids. "Very nice."

"Maria," the incubus said, cocking an eyebrow and making her giggle.

"You can't blame a girl for being curious," she purred. "The kind of ecstasy you're capable of making them feel now is merely a shadow of what you'll be able to do once you fully develop, especially if you manage to pull off the vows."

"How long do you think that will take?" Harry asked.

"Forever if you keep just nibbling at their energy like you just did," Maria replied. "That kind of cautious feasting will sustain you, but it won't help you grow."

"I don't want to hurt them," Harry said flatly. "I take more when we trigger punishments, since that always gives them such a boost, but otherwise…"

"You...okay, I'm confused," Maria murmured, looking at him strangely. "You know that the bonds between you and them are making them stronger, but why would you need them to trigger a punishment to get that effect?"

"Because that's how it works?" Hermione asked, gasping as she felt Akeno suck her clit into her mouth.

"The bonds make the master and the servant stronger the more that the servant submits to the master," Maria said. "Triggering a punishment and getting them through it can help with that, but it's not a requirement. Some demons, thanks to the nature of their powers, can't help but create contracts with lethal punishments, and they manage to get stronger anyway."

"That...really?" Harry asked, sitting up.

"Either the information you received was transcribed poorly, or you misunderstood it," Maria replied. "I can promise you, though, that Rias here, by submitting to your power and letting you sexually torture her as you just did, received a power boost as surely as she would if you'd been forced to punish her."

"So it's the submission that gets me out of my punished state, not the punishment itself that actually does that," Rias said slowly. "I'm suddenly far more annoyed by everything we did to prepare for Riser."

"Sorry," Harry winced, kissing her cheek, and she just smiled at him, cupping his and kissing him back.

"It's not your fault, and after how hard I just came, I don't think I could get mad at you if I tried," Rias replied, giggling as she said that last part.

"Even without the bonds, you could feed more than you just did," Maria pointed out. "If you go too far, that can be dangerous, but it's almost impossible to do that accidentally, especially with lovers as powerful as yours. Now, Fleur, if you wouldn't mind, I'd like to watch you and Harry together. I'm curious just how similar you are to a succubus."

"Is that the only reason?" Fleur asked, turning to grin at her as Luna pulled Koneko back along her face and started eating her pussy.

"Fuck me, I should have joined you guys sooner," the nekomata moaned.

"Not at all," Maria grinned, "though sadly, for today, I'm here strictly for research purposes."

Hermione was about to reply to that when her orgasm hit her suddenly and she squealed instead, her creamy thighs clamping down around Akeno's head. As she came, Fleur flew up and impaled herself on Harry's shaft, making him groan in pleasure.

"Just as perfect as ever, mon amour," the blonde smiled, grasping his shoulders for support as she started riding him.

Maria cocked her head as she watched them, sensing that Harry's aura flared sharply the moment they joined together. It was almost imperceptible for the others, who were already so incredibly aroused that they could barely focus on anything other than the burning heat in their cores, yet they did all grow slightly more turned on, she noticed. As Fleur picked up her pace, rolling her hips with practiced precision as she impaled herself on his shaft again and again, her allure became increasingly wild, as did the orgy going on around them.

"She's not a succubus, but there's definitely something familiar about her power," Maria thought to herself as Rias flipped Koneko and Luna over with a wave of her hand and planted her dripping slit down on the white-haired girl's face. "It seems almost...complimentary to Harry's aura. I wonder if that might become more useful as he develops."

She grinned at that thought, returning to her chair so she could observe them quietly. It was going to take her at least an hour of masturbation to relax later, but that was a price she was more than willing to pay for an opportunity as fascinating as this.

"Leviathan, since I'm sure you're still here, know that I'd really like to speak to you at length later," she said quietly. "I think we could really help each other out here."

Leviathan heard her and grinned, watching the debauchery continue with glee. She'd never imagined that there would be another living incubus or succubus, much less one who could communicate with her, and being summoned by Harry had been a joy after so long spent thinking that she died a failure. This other succubus, though, was a far more interesting creature still. From what she could sense, she truly was like one of her own creations, and yet she wasn't. She wasn't even from her world, and that was a most incredible mystery.

"The demons of this world seem so similar to us devils," she thought to herself. "There are differences, of course; it would be completely insane there weren't, but by and large, they seem to be very much like us. What a potential resource that world could be for us down the line."

She grinned at that, running her fingers through her long, white hair, already plotting out numerous ways that that particular discovery could be used for the benefit of her people. She might have been dead, but she was still a loyal devil, one who longed to see Lucifer and Lilith's vision of a world where their faction was the strongest and most powerful in existence brought to fruition, and if she could influence things through her connection to Harry, that would be fantastic.

Looking at the incubus as he flew up into the air, pressed Fleur's back against the nearest wall and started doing his best to fuck the screaming Veela through it, she grinned. She'd erred on the side of caution when advising him about feeding before, knowing that if he did accidentally hurt one of his lovers, he'd probably never speak to her again, and she'd lose the single most important connection in her unlife, but with him having a succubus there to keep an eye on him, one who actually knew the full extent of their powers, she felt far more confident in advising him to feed more. The more sexual energy he consumed, after all, the more powerful he'd become and the sooner he'd finish his development as an incubus.

"Once the full extent of his powers manifests, then we'll get to really have some fun, he and I," she thought to herself. "Not the sort I'd like, alas, but still. Who knows? Maybe he'll finally succeed where I hoped Azrael would and seduce that irritating, self-righteous angel. The Tyrant proved the full extent of his cruelty when he created a woman with a body like Gabriel's and forbade her from fucking anyone. What the hell even was his problem anyway?"

Shaking her head at that, she smirked as Fleur slumped over in Harry's arms, her blissed-out face the very picture of exhausted satisfaction. He set her down on the bed and immediately buried himself inside Akeno, much to her joy. Taking another look at Maria, Leviathan sighed happily, feeling more excited than she had in ages beyond remembrance.

*****

Numb, that's what he was, what he'd been for longer than he could say. Once he'd felt things, or at least he thought he had. The centuries all sort of blurred together at this point, and the few pleasant memories he had had all been tainted in one way or another. How could he take any pleasure in recalling how his mother had played with him as a child when she'd rejected him the moment she saw what he'd become? How could he enjoy any memory that contained even a moment where he caught sight of his reflection when the face he remembered was no longer his and resembled his greatest torment?

Joy and pleasure had long since been denied to him, his hideous visage making sure of that, while the emotions that had taken their place, like rage, anger, and hate, had all grown muted and dull in the centuries since. Numbness was all he had left, and it worked for him, he supposed. It wasn't as though emotion had ever done him any favors. Feelings were a weakness, he'd decided long ago, and he could not be weak, not when he'd already lost so much.

"Master," Warrick, one of his least irritating servants, croaked as he entered, hunched over as he always was. "I bring news."

"I wouldn't expect you to bother me without reason," he hissed, bringing the hood of his black cloak up further over his head as he turned from the fireplace and looked at the hunchbacked man. "What is it?"

"Our spies were correct, Master Nyxdolor," Warrick replied. "Euclid was spotted in Japan."

"My father's favorite lapdog in the human realm," Nyxdolor murmured, glaring down at his bony fingers. "Why?"

"We might have a lead on that as well," Warrick said. "The concert he was spotted at seemed normal enough, though the idea of a Japanese yodeler was a little…"

"Get to the point!" Nyxdolor growled.

"The...there were two magicians present, and we think that they were who Euclid met with," Warrick stammered, looking up at him in fright. "They were known to us. One was the undying German fellow, Klaus Reinhardt, and the other was harder to identify, but we managed it. His name is Arashi Yamamoto, a magical physician who operates a healing center called the Taiyo Institute."

"Reinhardt, I've heard of, and him being connected to my father isn't surprising in the slightest," Nyxdolor muttered. "Who is this Yamamoto man, and what's his connection to Euclid?"

"We weren't sure at first," Warrick replied. "We investigated the institute, looking to see if any of the staff were connected to Euclid or your father, and when we found nothing noteworthy, we started looking into the patients and found a connection, not to them, but to another name you wanted us to investigate. One of the people being treated there is a Frenchman named Sebastian Delacour."

"I don't know that name," Nyxdolor said, and Warrick reached into the bag at his side and pulled out a newspaper from back in February. It was a copy of a paper from Magical Britain, the front page of which was plastered with the image of a physically fit young man being kissed by a young Veela who looked like she was ready to mount him right there in the snow. "Harry Potter."

"The girl in this picture is Delacour's daughter," Warrick explained, "and she's kissing…"

"Sirzechs' new brother-in-law," Nyxdolor said, glaring down at the image of the young pair. "My father's favorite servant meeting with a man treating the father of a veela who's directly linked to Rias Gremory's new husband? It could be a coincidence, but then, I seldom accept coincidences."

"You have said for years that you expected your father to move against Sirzechs at some point," Warrick pointed out.

"You would expect him to resent the fact that another claimed the name Lucifer, proud monster that he is, but my father has never been predictable, as I know all too well," Nyxdolor muttered. "It's possible he doesn't care, or that he decided it would be too much effort to deal with, or he could have a plan in motion that will take a thousand years to bring to fruition. It's pointless to try and figure out what he's thinking."

"What should I do, master?" Warrick asked, and Nyxdolor took a moment to think, tapping his fingers on the armrest of his chair.

"Continue to investigate this institute and try to find out where this Delacour man lives," Nyxdolor replied. "The men are not to engage anyone under any circumstances, lest we end up on the radar of either Sirzechs or my father, but if we can definitively link him to either Euclid or Rias Gremory, I'm going to want their residence placed under constant surveillance. I've wanted to learn where that girl lives for a very long time now."

"Understood, master," Warrick replied, walking backward until he was out of the room and only then turning to leave.

Nyxdolor watched his servant go, admiring the terrible hunch in his back. Such imperfections were his favorite traits among humans, and there wasn't a man or woman in his service who didn't have some terrible deformity to them. People who had lived years in bodies like that he could understand on a level that few did, and they generally picked up on that. None of them knew why, for he never let himself be seen without his hood and the darkness that swirled within it, hiding him from sight, but they knew from how he treated them; they always knew.

Standing up, he left the sitting room and flew up the second floor of the small house in rural Wales that he'd claimed as his own decades ago. There were no stairs in the entire two-story house, as he'd ripped them out when he first bought it, and that meant that while his servants could meet with him downstairs, none could access the upper level but him. He liked that immensely, as it made the entire second floor his solitary sanctuary, and as he landed in the hallway up there, he might have smiled if he still could. The sound of wings flapping reached his ears, and he turned to see the one other living soul whom he allowed in his sanctuary, reaching out to let him land on his arm.

"Corvus, you're back," he murmured, looking down at the skeletal bird as he stared back, his sunken, fully black eye sockets seeing without eyes. "Did you see anything of value?"

The bird shook his head, and Nyxdolor sighed, continuing on.

"I'm going to have another assignment for you soon, I think," he murmured as he reached his bedroom and opened the door. "One that might well give me something I've wanted for a very, very long time."

He found his trusty scythe resting on his bed where he'd left it, something he'd stolen from one of his uncle's servants when he killed them, and immediately sat down to sharpen the curved, jet-black blade.

"We might have a lead on Rias Gremory's whereabouts," Nyxdolor murmured, looking up at Corvus, who fluttered his featherless wings.

Reviving the old raven had been one of the first magical experiments that he'd ever attempted, and while his mother, Eris, hadn't been impressed, he'd quite liked it. Enchanting the bird's wings to let him fly without feathers had been an additional challenge that he'd pulled off, one that also didn't impress her.

"Nothing short of helping her bring down Nyx and take her power for herself was ever going to impress that miserable bitch," he muttered to himself, continuing to work on slowly honing the edge of his blade.

She'd named him Nyxdolor, meaning pain of Nyx, because that was precisely what she'd hoped he'd be. It was why she endured his father's couplings, hoping that begetting a child with the son of Lucifer would give her an edge over her mother. It hadn't turned out that way, of course, and she'd deemed him a miserable failure after just a few short decades, but back before that, she'd looked at him with pride, so pleased that she'd succeeded in creating a half-devil, half-god who looked so much like the great rebel.

"I'll see to her in time, but not until I'm ready, not until I've dealt with him," Nyxdolor scowled. "I owe him a debt of agony, and it is one I intend to pay in full."

Whenever he closed his eyes, he still saw the day his life fell apart, when he went from being beautiful and his mother's hope to hideous and her shame. For centuries he'd felt rage every time he did, back when he could feel, but now, he couldn't even muster that much feeling about it. He still wanted to take his revenge, but it was a cold, dispassionate desire.

"My my, what have we here?" his father had asked when he first laid eyes on him. "You look like us, boy, it's uncanny."

"I am yours, Father," he'd made the mistake of replying, and he instantly watched his father's hazel eyes harden.

To call yourself a child of Rizevim Livan Lucifer in his presence was a privilege he'd not afforded Nyxdolor yet, and he was furious at the slight. Nyxdolor apologized, which was another mistake, as it turned out, and his father had said immediately that they were going to duel, and if he did well, he'd forget it ever happened and let him refer to himself as his freely. The half-devil opened his eyes again, swearing that he could hear his own agonized screams echoing in his ears from when he failed at that as well. Rizevim Lucifer was not a creature given to mercy, as he'd had the grave misfortune of learning.

Corvus landed on his shoulder, rubbing his skull against Nyxdolor's hood, and as he deemed the scythe to be sharp enough, he set it down and stood up. Making his way over to his armoire, he opened it, revealing the only mirror in the entire house, a long, narrow thing hanging from one of the doors, and pulled back his hood. It was useful now and then, he thought, to remind himself of just why he held on, why he needed to end his father's life before he finally departed from his own.

The mangled wreck of his visage was a terrible thing to behold, his face having been ripped almost clean off. His scalp remained, not that hair grew from it anymore, and little bits of his forehead and the skin near his ears remained, the latter being a particularly good thing, as it had helped his jaw stay secure, yet his lips, his nose, and everything around them were gone. His injuries were permanent and cursed, and save for creating artificial eye lids, which he'd nailed directly into his skull to stop from having to constantly moisten his eyes, he'd not been able to undo any of them.

"Someday I might learn why he let me live that day," he sighed to himself, "provided I manage to beat the answer out of him before I rip out his black heart. Maybe he thought I deserved to suffer more, maybe he's so arrogant he didn't think I'd ever be able to match his power, or maybe he just didn't care one way or the other."

No matter the answer, he swore he was going to make his father regret it. When the Devil Civil War happened, he'd rejoiced, thinking that that might finally afford him an opportunity to take revenge, only to learn, to his rage, that his father elected to stay out of it. When the new government formed, and he found out just what a wonderful monster Sirzechs Gremory, the new Lucifer, was, he thought that he might prove the key to destroying Rizevim, yet when he met with the man and received only an offer to join his peerage, he'd understood at once that, for all the man's power, he was dealing with someone too weak to ever truly put down the great threat to him and stormed out.

"That power remains the key, though," he said to himself. "If I could get my hands on a Bael and siphon away the Power of Destruction for myself, I'd finally have what I need to end that monster."

Going after anyone connected to Sirzechs Lucifer was foolish, he knew, but then, it wasn't like he intended to live long after he finished off his parents anyway. Pulling his hood back up, he spread his ten bat-like wings out and, grabbing his scythe, flew out into the world, almost hoping that someone worth killing would cross his path. He might not have felt much anymore, but it hadn't stopped him from enjoying the odd good fight.

*****

"You wished to see us, Sister Griselda?" Xenovia asked, bowing respectfully to her guardian, as did Irina, next to her.

"I do," Griselda replied, sitting down and pouring three cups of tea. "Please, sit."

"You sound very serious," Irina murmured, smiling thankfully as Griselda placed her cup in front of her. "Did something happen?"

"Something terrible has happened," Griselda replied. "What I am about to tell you is not to leave these walls. Am I clear?"

"Of course," Xenovia replied as Irina nodded in agreement.

"Yesterday Excalibur Transparency, Excalibur Rapidly, and Excalibur Nightmare were stolen," Griselda replied, and both their jaws dropped.

"What?" Irina breathed. "How...who could even do that?"

"There are numerous possibilities, I'm afraid," Sister Griselda replied. "The thieves were most capable, and they managed to infiltrate three separate high-security storage facilities simultaneously."

"We're dealing with a significant organized threat then," Xenovia deduced. "Do we have any leads? I'm assuming that you're telling us because the cardinals want us involved."

"They do," Sister Griselda replied. "The group that stole Excalibur Rapidly was slightly less careful than the others, and we managed to get a fingerprint from the scene, and it belonged to a man called Piero D'Angelo."

"A name like that and he steals from the church," Xenovia spat.

"If you linked the print to him this quickly, he must have a criminal record," Irina murmured, and Sister Griselda nodded.

"An extensive one," she replied. "He is also a known associate of Freed Sellzen."

"That name sounds vaguely familiar but I can't quite place him," Xenovia asked.

"Wasn't he an exorcist?" Irina asked. "I remember hearing the name but I never got the details of what happened"

"The details you're being permitted to see are in this file," Sister Griselda replied, pushing a rather full-looking manila envelope at them. "I haven't been permitted to look at it and don't know much more than you do about him. I wouldn't even be the one giving you this assignment if the bishop hadn't been called away for something else urgent."

"What more can you tell us?" Xenovia asked.

"Sellzen disappeared after his dismissal and hasn't been seen since until now," Sister Griselda replied, "but there have been rumors about him."

"What sort of rumors?" Irina asked.

"The disturbing kind," Sister Griselda replied. "He was an extraordinary exorcist, from what I've heard, but his zeal was...excessive and he let it devolve into obsession. If he's involved with the thefts of these swords, it would be in character, but there are rumors that he took up with some truly terrible individuals after his dismissal."

"The fallen?" Xenovia asked and Sister Griselda nodded.

"As I said, I haven't looked at the file yet, and you will find more in there, I'm sure, but what I was told was that his last known whereabouts were in Japan, where he seems to have gone missing," the nun said.

"Is that why we've been given this assignment?" Irina asked, and Sister Griselda nodded.

"It's one of the reasons," she replied. "The last time we managed to get eyes on him, he was spotted in the Kanagawa Prefecture of Japan, the prefecture containing…"

"Kuoh," Irina murmured.

"Your father was assigned there back in the day because we had reason to believe that there was a significant demonic presence in the town, and when I was told to give you the details about it, the cardinal made it clear that we don't think this has changed," Sister Griselda replied. "We managed to track Sellzen to Tokyo before losing his trail, and Kuoh is not far from there."

"I remember," Irina nodded. "So we're to fly to Japan, try to track down Sellzen, and retrieve the swords."

"Indeed," Sister Griselda replied. "We cannot allow three of the seven blades forged from Excalibur's fragments to end up in the hands of the fallen angels or the devils. To that end, the church has made certain...accommodations for you."

"What accommodations?" Xenovia asked and Sister Griselda pointed to a cabinent in the corner.

"You'll find them in there," she replied, and Xenovia stood up, opening up the cabinet and gasping when she saw what was inside.

"Are these…" she went to ask.

"Those are holy swords but...are those Excaliburs?" Irina asked.

"Excalibur Destruction and Excalibur Mimic," Sister Griselda replied. "The latter is on loan from Canterbury."

"The Anglicans agreed to part with it?" Xenovia asked, picking up Excalibur Destruction and testing its weight.

"They understand the seriousness of the situation," Sister Griselda replied as Irina picked up Excalibur Mimic.

"We won't fail," she vowed, and the nun smiled.

"I trust that you won't, and I have full confidence in you both, but...this is a dangerous assignment, and I hope you two realize that," Sister Griselda replied.

"We live our lives for the Lord, our God," Xenovia said faithfully. "If needed, we will give our lives for him too."

"I shall pray it doesn't come to that," Sister Griselda sighed. "You both have the strength and God-given ability to wield those blades. If it is his divine will, you will do so in victory."

"What are we to do with Sellzen and his comrades?" Irina asked.

"Whatever is necessary to retrieve the blades," Sister Griselda replied, her tone hardening slightly. "That is your top priority."

"I understand," Xenovia said, sheathing her new blade and attaching the sheathe to her belt. "God bless you, Sister."

"May God bless the both of you," Sister Griselda replied. "Your flight leaves in four hours. The details, and your tickets are in the folder."

With that they left her alone and the young nun immediately started her prayers, knowing that her ward and her friend were going to need all the help they could get.
My Patreon
To read up to a month ahead of my public schedule, including the next two chapters of this story, and vote on what I post every Friday, please check out my Patreon.​

A/N: I've mentioned this before, but this fic was inspired in part by Dungeons and Dragons and Devilry by Neckbeard_Satan, and I bring it up again because the character of Nyxdolor is rather directly based on a character concept from it.
Last edited: Aug 21, 2026
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Bev, Emperi62, Sanguinis and 121 others
voivode_writer
Aug 18, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
 
Jump to new
Threadmarks
View content
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
 [NSFW] The Weight of Fate [Harry Potter]
Heartlesss Thursday at 20:27 Words: 15k ai assisted harry potter (series) harry potter au
Replies12
Views1K
Today at 07:09
veekie
_Karma_
 [NSFW] Dragon x Dragon ? This World Now Belong To Phoenix. High School PxP
_Karma_ Aug 10, 2026 Words: 2.7k dxd si high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies17
Views3K
Aug 20, 2026
Fenrir of the North
abel targayen
[NSFW] Horseman of War (High School DxD SI)
abel targayen May 25, 2026 Words: 27k 1 ... 6 7 8 genocide high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies223
Views23K
Jul 28, 2026
XXxxxadisxxxXX
XXxxxadisxxxXX
Ba7onz
 [NSFW] The Wandless Archmage (Harry Potter)
Ba7onz May 14, 2026 Words: 62k 1 2 harem harry potter incest
Replies42
Views23K
Aug 22, 2026
StrangePuppet
StrangePuppet
 [NSFW] Thunder in the Skies(Enel si) One Piece/ High School DxD
Godofdestroet66@4 Aug 18, 2026 Words: 6k akeno himejima high school dxd issei
Replies18
Views3K
Today at 13:47
king7marble
king7marble
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit